JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 24

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From June the 25th, 1741,

In the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

September the 19th, 1745,

In the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

°F THE

HOUSE «/ COMMONS.

VOL.

Vol. 24.

B

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For Dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to difl'olvc this present Parliament, which now (lands prorogued to day the Twelfth Day of May next; We do for that end publish this our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby difi'olve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgertes,.and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance, oh Tuesday the said Twelfth Day of May next: And we being desirous and resolved,

as loon as may be, to meet our People, and have their

Advice in Parliament, do hereby make khown to all our loving Subje<fls our Royal Will and Pleasure, to call a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of our. Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great , to ifi'ue

out Writs in due Form for calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Tuesday the Twenty-eighth Day of this Instant Apr, and to be returnable on Thursiay the Twenty-fifth Day of June next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Twenty-seventh Day of April 1741, in the Fourteenth Year of our Reign.

GOD lave the KING.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ^COMMONS.

Self. 1741 — 1742.

jfovis, 250 Junii;

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

DiMonof nr'H E K,nS’s most Excellent Majesty having, by lad Ptrlia- Mhis Royal Proclamation (hereunto annexed), went; calling JL dated the 27th Day of April 1741, diHalved the another-, and last Parliament; and by his Writ of Summons, issued tion.rofoga* under the Great Seal of Great bearing Teste at Westminster, on Tuesday the 28th Day of the same Month, and returnable on this Day, called a new Parliament; and Stephen Bijfe, Esquire, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to Nicholas Hardinge, Esquire, Clerk of the Home of Commons, a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as had been returned to lerve in this Parliament, several of the Members appeared; and, understanding that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Mef-lage from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a flrort Stay there, the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House; and they being the re, the Lord Chancellor, who before fit covered on the Woollack, standing up uncovered, declared, That there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliament: Which Writ, lying on the Table, his Lordship directed the Clerk to read: And the same was read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the 6th Day of next en-

suing, as followeth; viz.

Jo. Cant. H C.

Wilmington P. D,

Dorset.

should be held, or obliged to appear, on the said 25th Day of June, at the aforesaid City: We allb will. That you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Prel'ents, strictly requiring you, and evevy of you, and all others whom this may concern, that you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said 6th Day of August, at our said City of to

treat, do, ad:, and conclude upon those things, which in our said Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom (by God’s Assistance), shall happen to be ordained: Witness John Archbishop of , and

other Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom at minster , the 18 th Day of June, in the 13th Year of our Reign.

By the Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom: Signed with their own Hands.

Jovis, 6* die Au

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and under- Parliament standing that the Parliament was to be again pro- further prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into fogued-the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament to and until Thursday the 10th Day of September next following;

Which Writ is as followeth; viz.

Jo. Cant. Hardwicke C.

Wilmington P. Devonshire.

Pembroke. R. Walpole.

£>EOR GE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the

Faith, (Ac. To our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates,

Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our well -beloved and faithful the Knight s, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of our said Kingdoms, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of Westminster, on the 25th Day of this instant Month of June, and every of you. Greeting: Whereas we, for certain arduous and pressing Affairs concerning the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain, did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid, and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those things which in our laid Parliament then and there should be proposed, and treated of: Nevertheless, for certain Causes and Confederations us at this time specially moving, we have thought fit, that our said Parliament be prorogued unto Thursday the 6th Day of August next ensuing, so that neither you* or any of you, Voi 14.

/GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the

Faith, isle. To our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our well-beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of our laid Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of , on the

6th Day of this instant Month of , and to every of you, Greeting: Whereas we, for certain arduous and pressing Affairs concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the 25th Day 0 {June last past, and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those things, which in our said Parliament then and there should be proposed, and treated of: And whereas, we did lately, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Con-ficlerations us thereunto especially moving, think fit to prorogue our said Parliament from the same 25th Day of

4 6° Augufli. — i o* Septembris. — 2 OBobris. A. 1741.

June, to and until the 6th Day of August following; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said 25th Day of at the said City; being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom: And, by the feme Writ, we commanded you, and every of you, to appear and be present, or. the said 6th Day of August, at our said City, to treat, do, ad, and conclude upon those things, which in our said Parliament should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain prelfing Causes and Confident ions us especially thereunto moving, we have thought.fit that our laid Parliament be prorogued, from ti e laid 6th Day of August, to arid until Thursday the toth Day ol September following: so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said Sixth Day of August, at the aforesaid City: We also will, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of thele Presents, ftricHy requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, that you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on 'thursday the 10th of September next, at aur said City of iVefimiyier, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which in our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom (by God's Assistance) shall happen to be ordained: Witness John Archbishop of Caxterbwy, and other Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom, at Wefminfitr, the 4th Day of August, in the 15th Year of our Reign.

By the Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom: Signed with their own Hands.

Bise.

Jovis, 10° die Septembris;

Anno if Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

P.-trliamfn: O EVE R. A L Members this Day appeared; and under-furthe; standing that the Parliament was to be again pro-

PrRfflS rogued by Writ, they went as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Mtflage from the Lords, up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Tttefdaythe 27th Day of October next following: Which Writ is as followeth; viz.

Jo. Cunt.

Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny.

Caries Wager.

f~^EO RG Ethe Second, by the Grace of God, of Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Ctc. To our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our well-beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, arid Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of our laid Kingdom, called and chosen to our said ParJia-v ment, to beheld at our City of Westminster, on the loth Day of this instant Month of , and to every of

\ou, Greeting: Whereas we, for certain arduous and prelfing Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Band the Church, d'.d ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the 25th Day of June last part, and did

command you, by our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those things which in our laid Parliament then and there should be proposed, and treated of: And whereas we did lately, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Con-siderations us thereunto especially moving, think fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the said 25th Day of June, to and until the 6th Day of August last part; and from thence, by another Writ, to and until the 10th Day of this instant Month of September; so that neither vyu, n >r any ol you, (liould be held or obliged to appear on the said Days, at the aforesaid City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to 22

us therefrom: And, by the same Writ, we commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said ,10th Dayofethis instant Month of at our

said City, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which in our fold Parliament should happen to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain Causes and Considerations us especially thereunto moving, we have thought fit that our laid Parliament be further prorogued, from the said 10th Day of this instant Month of September, to and until Tuesday the 27th Day of October following; so

that neither you, nor any of you, should beheld or obliged to appear, on the said icth Day of this instant Month^of September, zg the aforesaid City: We also will, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Prelents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, that you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present-, on the said 27th Day of October, at our said City of I, to treat, do, aft,

and conclude upon those things, which in our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom (by God's Assistance) shall happen to be ordained: Witness John Archbishop of Canterbury, and other Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom, at Westminster, the 8th Day of September, in the 15th Year of our Reign.

By the Guardians and Justices of the Kingdom: Signed with their own Hands.

BiJJe.

Martis, 2 70 die OEiobris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; andun- Parliament derstanding that the Parliament was to be again pro- further rogued by Writ, they went as before, without going into Proro£uc<* the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto tuesday the First Day of December next following: Which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

(jEO RGEthe Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the baith, lAc. 'Fo our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates,

Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our well-beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be held at our City of Westminster., on the 27th Day of this instant Month of October, and to every of you.

Greeting: Whereas we, for certain arduous and prelfing Affairs concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of fVeji-minster, the 25th Day of June last past, and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those.things, which in our said Parliament then and there should be proposed, and treated of: And whereas we did lately, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations us thereunto especially moving, think fit to prorogue our laid Parliament, from the same 25th Day of June, to and until the 6th Daycf Augujilall past; and from thence, by

another Writ, to and until the 10th Day of September last past; and from thence, by another Writ, to and until the 27th Day of this instant Month of October; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held, or obliged to appear, on the said Days, at the aforesaid City, being willing that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom: And, by the same Writ, we commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the said 27th day of this instant Month of October, at our said City, to treat, do, vast, and conclude qpon things, which in our laid Parliament should happen

to

15 Geo. II. i y° OBobris. 5

to be ordained: Nevertheless, for certain pressing Causes and Considerations us especially thereunto moving, we diave thought fit, that our said Parliament be further prorogued, from the said 27th Day of this instant Month of October, to and until Tuesday the 1 ft Day of December following; lo that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said 27 th Day of this instant Month of October, at the aforesaid City: We also will, that you, and every of you, be discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, that you, and every

of you, do personally appear, and be present, on Tuesday the said First Day of December next, at our said City of Westminster, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom (by God's Assistance) shall happen to be ordained: Witness ourself, at,

the and Day of October, in the 15th Year of our Reign.

By the KIN Ghimielf: Signed with his own Hand.

Biasx.

Vol. 24.

C LIONEL

Lord Stew 3rd’i deputation*

6 i* Decembrist i74Ir*

rs.

ZIONEL Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward'of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Kndvfye, That I, the said Lord Steward; by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, Shave constituted, named,' and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, th*e Right Honourable Sir Conyers D'arcy, Knight of the Bath, Comptroller of his Majesty’s Houshold, the Right Honourable Sir Robert Waif ole, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, and 'Chattel lor of the Exchequer, the Right Honourable the Lord Sidney Beauclerke, Vice-chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold, the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wills, Knight of the Bath; the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire, the Right Honourable Horatio Walpole Esquire; the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight; the Right Honourable Sir William Yonge Baronet, and Knight of the Bath; the Right Honourable Sir John Norris Knight; the Right Honourable Thomas Winnington Esquire; the Right Honourable Sir Paul Methuen, Knight of the Bath; the Right Honourable the Lord Fere Beauclerk, the Right Honourable the Lord John Philip Sackville, the Right Honourable the Lord Geo. Sackville; the Honourable Geo. Compton Esquire; the Right Honourable the Lord Gage; Sir Jacob Bouverie, Sir Thomas Drury, Baronets; Thomas Clutter buck, John Plumptre, William Ofbaldefton, Walter Cary, Samuel Kent, William Strode, Harry Waller, Thomas Rowney, Giles Eqrle, William Rawlinson Earle, John Olmius, Andrew Wilkinson, Edward Walpole, William Glanville, Thomas Medlycott, Edward Bayntun Rolt, Esquires; Edward Butler Dodorof Laws; Colonel Richard Onslow, Denzil Onslow, Peter Walter, Francis Go dolphin, Thomas Gore, Thomas Carew, Francis Faney Thomas Br ere ton, Richard Plumer, Richard Lyfler\ the Right Honourable the Lord Andover, the Right Honourable the Lord Sundon, the Right Honourable the Lord Guernsey; Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire; Horatio Walpole, Humphry Syddenham, Anthony Duncombe, John Torke, Richard Lowndes, the Honourable Fere Pouiet, Esquires; Charles Monson, George Gregory, Esquires; Sir James Grant Baronet; Phillips Gybbon, Samuel Sandys, Arthur Arfcott, William Pulteney, Esquires; the Right Honourable Earl Fitzwilliam; Geo. Doddington, Walter Hunger ford, Esquires; Sir John Hynde Cotton Baronet, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet; Sir John Barnard Knight, Sir Robert Godjchall Knight; the Right Honourable the Lord Sherrard Mannors\ Sir Arthur Forbes Baronet; Thomas Walker, Kenrick Clayton, Esquires; Sir William Clayton Baronet; the Honourable John Wallop Esquire; Sir James Hamilton Baronet; Alexander Brodie, and James West, Esquires; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them; my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and (lead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron cf any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the First Day of December instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Personand Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform, in this Behalf in as ample, perfeS, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this First: Day of December, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King, Defender of the Faith, &c. Anno^ue Domini 1741.

Dorset. (L. S.)

3

15 Geo. It

Decembris.

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonafteri-enfem, die Martis, i° die Decembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Secundi, Dei gratia Magnse Britannia^, Franciae, et Hibernias, Regis, fidei defenforis, &c, 15°, Annoque Domini,

1741-

Parliament

Message to attend his Majesty.

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, pursuant, to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the most noble Lionel Duke o&'Dorset, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Nine of the Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, where the Oath4; appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered;. and Nicholas liardinge Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons,' and Mr. Naylor, Clerk Assistant,~and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed, to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering fe- . veral of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned, some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons. After which,

A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-U(her of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House, to at-, tend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Direction, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have it in Command from his Majesty to acquaint you, that he is pleased to defer declaring the Caules of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons.

It is, therefore, his Majesty’s Pleasure, that you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there chcofe a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present the Person, who shall be To chosen, to his Majesty here, for his Royal Approbation, on Friday next, at Two of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

The Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, One of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, Knight of the Shire for the County of Sussex, addressing himself to the Clerk (who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat down), said to this Effect:

Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Onslow We are met, by his Majesty’s gracious Order, in a new chosen Parliament; and, agreeably to the Custom of former Speaker. Times, we are directed, in the First place, to choose a proper Person to fill the Chair of this House.

Vol. 14.

Lord

Chancellor’s

Speech.

This is an Affair of the greatest Importance to the Being of Parliaments.'

And it becomes us Feriously to consider wrhom we elect into an Office, that requires a Man of the greatest Ability, the greatest Integrity, and the greatest Application.

It is^with Pleasure I fee many Persons, under these various Deft:riptions, who deserve to be called to this Honour.

But when I fee one particular Person, who has already discharged this Employment so much to his own Hpnour, and so much to the Interest of this House; when I fee Ofie of this distinguished Capacity, it will not be derogatory to their Merit thus publickly to express rpy Thoughts of his.

It was in the early Days of his Life, when, by theuna-. nimous Consent of this House, he was placed in that high Station, in which he succeeded a Person of great Honour, whose Authority gave Weight to the Proceedings of this House: And it was an evident Mark of publick Esteem, and a convincing Proof of Merit, to be thus appointed his Successor.

I believe all Mankind fees the Situation of Affairs Abroad and at Home; so that it is probable, that Matters of the greatest Importance may come under the Consideration of this Housej which ought to induce us the more willingly to place in that Chair One, whose Principles, Experience in the Laws of his Country, and particular Application to the Proceedings of Parliament, do so well qualify him to preside in this Assembly.

When I consider (what recommends him to me, and is, in my Opinion, not the least of his Virtues) his constant and firm Zeal for his present Majesty, his Father, and the Succession in his illustrious House — When I consider (what also weighs with me, and I doubt not with every one who hears me) his steady Adherence to the Rules of Parliament — When I consider his Candour and Impartiality, his Temper and Resolution — Temper to indulge the young and unexperienced Members, and Resolution to correct the oldest — When I consider thele Qualifications, by which he has gained a general Esteem, I: mud conclude, that it will be always incumbent upon us, as long as he is able, to desire his acceptance of this important Office.

When I have said this, I am persuaded every Gentleman has already in his Thoughts the Person whom I mean to propose — Mr. Onslow.

And I make no doubt, but that all Gentlemen, those especially with whom I have fat in former Parliaments, will unanimously concur with me in the Choice of the Person whom I now offer.

If I should not offend his Ears, I could fav, that his Behaviour in private as well as in publick Life is an amiable Part of his Character; of which his Neighbours ami Countrymen have shewn their Opinion, by unanimously lending him to Parliaments

Let

Decembris.

A. 1741:;

Let us ftiew our Sense of him, by calling (I should rather say tiefiring) him to undertake this laborious Task, that our Choice may soon be spread through, and approved by, the whole united Kingdom.

I am sorry I am not able to set forth his Qualities in abetter Manner than I have done; but Gentlemen, by their private Thoughts, will do him more Justice.

Therefore I shall move you, That the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire do take the Chair as Speaker.

Then Thomas Clutterbuck Esquire, Burgess for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, addressing himfeit likewise to the Clerk (who, (landing up, pointed to him, and then fat downj, laid to this Effect:

What I rife up for, is to l'econd the Honourable Gentleman’s Motion, and not, by any thing I can say, to add Weight to it.

It is not necessary for me to enlarge upon the Merits of the Person proposed, or to commend his Temper and Prudence, his Knowledge of the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom, and of the Forms and Rules of this House, upon which the Honour thereof so much depends. ' These his Endowments we have seen in Two successive Parliaments; and, added to these, the strictest Regard to the Interest of the Publick, his. Zeal for the Liberties of this House, his Zeal Tor his Majesty, and his Family} . it is no Wonder, that any Person who has these Qualifications, should be called upon to so high an Office.

I congratulate this House, that there is a great Number of Gentlemen of Rank and Ability in it; yet I shall still be excused in the Preference which I h^ve given. And I cannot but look upon it as a fortunate Circum-

Clock, for the Presentment of their Speaker to his Majesty, in the House of Peers, for his Royal Approbation moved, That the House would adjourn till Friday next.

And then the House adjourned, accordingly, till Friday next. Twelve of the Clock.

T

Veneris, 4.0 die Decembris;

Anno 1 j° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

HE House being met; and Mr. Speaker cleft Mr. Speaker _ having taken the Chair; aPProv£?of

A Message was brought from his Majesty, by Sir Charles the

Dalton, Gen tleman-U AVer of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Where he spake to the Effedk following:

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

The Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have, in pursuance of your Majesty’s Commands, and according to their ancient Right to make Choice of One of their Members to be their Speaker, once more elected me to this high and painful Office; but how properly for me, for themselves, and for the Publick, is now with your Majesty to judge: And to your Royal

Judgment, Sir, I do, with all Humbleness and Resigna-stance in the present Situation of Affairs, that we are abje. tion, submit myself; being well assured, that, should to fix our Choice upon a Perfom whom, by Experience your Majesty think fit to disapprove of this their present

Choice, your Commons will have no Difficulty to find some other Person among them, to be presented to your Majesty on this Occasion, to whom none of those Objections can be made, which I fear may too justly, from my Imperfections, arise in your Royal Breast, upon my being again the Subject of your Majesty’s Confutation for this important Charge.

we know to be equal to any Difficulty.

I could say much more; but I fear it may give Un-ealiness to one Person who hears me; and therefore I second the Honourable Gentleman, That Mr. Onslow do take the Chair.

And the House calling Mr. Onslow to the Chair, he flood up in his Place, and said,

Mr. Hardinge,

I cannot make Acknowledgments enough of what I owe to the Honourable Persons who have made this Motion to the House: I am very sensible, Sir, of my own DefeCls; and although I have, from the great Candour and Indulgence of Gentlemen in the Two lad Parliaments, twice gone through this difficult Trust, yet am I sensible too, that will not make the Repetition of it in me now either less hazardous to myself, or of less Danger to the publick Affairs: But, however, Sir, I will not trouble Gentlemen with the Arguments of Disability in myself, which I might, perhaps ought to use at this time; but shall submit myself intirely to the Judgment.of the House, to dispose of me in whatever Manner they shall think proper, on this and every other Occasion.

And the House a^ain calling Mr. Onslow to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by Mr. Pelham and Mr. Clutterbuck, who led him from thence to the Chair, where, upon the First Step, he said,

It is my Duty to inform Gentlemen, that they have yet an Opportunity to reconsider what they have done, by differing me to go back to the Place I have just now left: But the Members cried " No ! No!"

Whereupon Mr. Onslow ascended the upper Step; and, Handing the re, said,

Since Gentlemen have commanded me to this Eminence, I have now only to return them my humbled Thanks for this particular Instance of their Favour to me; the Sense of which I hope I shall always retain with that Respect and Gratitude to the House, this Mark of their Esteem will ever claim from me.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair;

And then the Mace, which before lay under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

Then Mr. Pelham having acquainted the House, That his Majesty had appointed Friday next, at Two of the

Then the Lord Chancellor, receiving Directions from his Majesty, said,

Mr. Onslow,

The King has had so manjf eminent Proofs of your Ability and Zeal for the Service of himself, and of your Country (which is always the fame), in the high Station to which you are now a Third time called, that his Majesty has commanded me to let you know, that he intirely approves the Choice, which his faithful Commons have made; and therefore allows and confirms you to be their Speaker.

Then Mr. Speaker said,

Since your Majesty has been pleased to ratify the Choice your Commons have made of me to be their Speaker, it is my Duty, Sir, to submit myself to your Royal Determination, and to return your Majesty my humbled Thanks for this Mark of your Royal Grace and Favour to me; and to assure you, Sir, of my bell Endeavours to discharge, as I ought, this great Trust, which the Commons have committed to, and your Majesty has now confirmed upon me: And, for my Encouragement therein, suffer me, great Sir, to hope for your Majesty’s Pardon of my Failings and Infirmities; at lead, that your Majesty would not impute them in anywise to your faithful Commons -. And that they may be the better enabled to perform their Duty to your Majesty, and their Country, I do, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to your Majesty, lay Claim to all their antient Rights and Privileges; particularly, That they, their Servants, and Estates, may be free from all Arrests and Mo-leftations — That they may enjoy Freedom of Speech in all their Debates, and have Liberty of Access to your Royal Person, when Occasion shall require it; and that all their Proceedings may receive from your Majesty the mofl favourable Construction.

The

4i.

Ma. ’

ion,

xt.

® Kt.Sp^;

« titty

S

ii

si

15 Geo. II. 40 — 50 — 70 — 8° Decembris.

9

The Lord Chancellor, receiving further Directions from his Majesty, laid,

Mr. Speaker,

The King has an intire Confidence in the Prudence and Temper of this House of Commons, as well as in their Duty and AffeXion to his Person and Government; and his Majesty does most readily grant to them all their Privileges, in as full and ample Manner as they have at any time been heretofore granted, or allowed, by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predeceftbrs.

As to the Suit, which you. Sir, have made on your own Behalf, your former Conduct is the cleared Evidence how little you stand in need of it; but, for your greater Encouragement and Support in the execution of so important a Trust, his Majesty, agreeably to his wonted Gocdness, has commanded me to allure you, That he will always put the most favourable ConstruXion both upon your Words and Actions.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him to be their Speaker; and where he, in the Name and Behalf of the House of Commons, by humble Petition to his Majesty, did lay Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly, That themselves, their Servants, and Estates, might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations — That they might enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates, and have Liberty of Access to his Royal Person, whenever Occasion should require it — And that all their Proceedings might receive from his Majesty the most favourable ConstruXion: Upon which, his Majesty did grant to them all their Privileges, in as full and ample a Manner as ever were granted, or allowed, by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predeceftbrs.

And now. Gentlemen, he laid, he hoped, would give him Leave to renew his humble Thanks to them, for the Honour they had done him, in raising him to that exalted Station; He said. The best Return he could make, was to allure Gentlemen of his constant Endeavours to discharge his Duty in that Place, so as to render his Services acceptable to the House, and every Member in it; which to do, he said, would be the Pride of his Life: And that they might all be the better enabled to perform their Duty, he laid. He must exhort Gentlemen to a ftrieband steady Observance of the Rules and Orders of the House ;to avoid all personal Altercations and Reflexions in their Debating; and, for the better and quicker Dispatch of Business, to come down early in a Morning ro it: And he hoped, Gentlemen would make it a Point of Honour, to dedicate that which is the best Fart of the Day to the Service of their Country.

After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in mind. That the First thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and

subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

Mr. Speaker And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, Handing upon takes Oaths, the upper Step of the Chair, took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration:

Members And, after him, several Members took the said Oaths, take Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration. , ’

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sal?baiiy 50 die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii Ildi Regis 1741. Prayers.

Member* 0E VER A L other Members present took the Oaths, take Oaihs. O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took Vol. 24.

and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Member and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took take Oaths, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes. J

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

QEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Members O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took take Oaths, and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace of a Li*? justic*a of berty, or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House Peace to of Correction of the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Liberty, or Corporation, is situate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committeeof tions be appointed, of Mr. Earle, Sir William Yonge, Privileges. Dr. Lee, Mr, Doddington, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Nugent, Lord John Sacvill, Lord Geo. Sacvill, Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. Worthy, Sir Walter Wagftaff Bagott, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Edgcumbe, Earl of Granard, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Cople-flen, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Joseph Pennington, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Strickland, Mr. TJiompfon, Mr.

Darner, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Whitmore, Sir John Tyrwitt, Mr. Chute, Mr. Pollen, Mr.

Wrighte, Mr. Pilfwort/i, Mr. Proby, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Prowse, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Ro-binfon, Sir Wm. Morice, Mr. Shippen, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Berkley, Mr,

Pitt, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Horace Walpole, Mr. Fane,

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Gore, Mr. Legge, General Wade% Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hooper, Lord Guernsey, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hanbury,

Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Tuffnell, Colonel Mor daunt, Mr.

Ingram, Colonel Borland, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Gafliry, Mr.

Lloyde, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Keene, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hopton, Lord Fere Beau clerk, Mr. Col-brook, Mr. West, Mr. Speke, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Ross,

Captain Marlin, Mi*. Harris, Mr. Brudencll, Sir Henry Slings by, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Downing, Mr. Elliott, Mr.

Charles Pelham, Mr. Drumond, Mr. Banks, Mr. Pew-ney, Mr» Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Trevor,

D Mr.

Usual

Orders.

io 86 DecembriS.

A. 1741*

Mr. Conolly, Earl Fitzwillianl, Mh Dn?*, Colonel Townfticnd, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Hoe I Somerset, Sir Lifter Holt, Lord Quarendon, Mr. Ybri*, Mr. Shuttleworth; Mr. Gybbdn, Mr. Douglas, Lord inchequin, Mr. Ctmingfiam, Mr. Co£e, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Mi/ft Stapylton, Mr. Winford, Lord Charles Hay, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Knight, Mr. ty/er, Sir Edward Turner, Sir 7o//h Act fey, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Rowney, Sir Barrington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Grant, Mr. Strode, Mr. Whichcote,

Mr. Ftf/fy, Mr. Grant, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Raymond, Mr. Bance: And they are to meet upon Tomorrow Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and JFei-tte/day, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next, after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members', returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any'Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter, or hinder, any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mit demeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take intojiis Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken info Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

1-4

Ordered, I'hat the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, (/ Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon* during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage (f the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, i0 Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting, or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some ocher Person, to be appointed by the Post-master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One rn the Afternoon; and for Two Hours, at the least, immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the Post-master-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, when the House is goina to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees’ and

that

15 Geo. II. 8° Decembri 11

that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prefuine to print the lame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the 15th Day of February next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who ' voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

united by common Interest, to concert such Measures as so important and critical a Conjuncture required: And where an Accommodation seemed to me to be necessary, I laboured to reconcile those Princes, whose Union would have been the most effectual Means to prevent the Mif-chiefs that have happened, and the best Security for the Interest and Safety of the Whole.

Although ttiy Endeavours have not hitherto had the desired Effect* I cannot but still hope, that a just Sense of the common and approaching Danger will produce a more favourable Turn in the Councils of other Nations: In this Situation, it is incumbent upon us to put ourselves in a Condition to improve all Opportunities that shall offer for maintaining the Liberties of Europe, and to assist and sup-porc our Friends and Allies at such Times, and in such Manner, as the Exigency and Circumstances of Affairs shall require; and to defeat any Attempts that shall be made against me and my Dominions, or against those whom we are most nearly concerned for, and in Honour and Interest engaged to support and defend:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered Estimates to be laid before you; for the Service of the ensuing Year; and I must deflre you to grant me such Supplies as the Circumstances of Affairs require; which, you may depend upon it, shall be duly applied to the Purposes for which they shall be given.

The Kind's Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That when the

Speech? House did, on Friday last, attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and the same is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is always a great Satisfaction to me to meet you assembled in Parliament, and especially at this time, when the Posture of Affairs makes your Counsel and Af-, fiftance lb necessary; and when, by means of the new Elections, I may have an Opportunity of knowing the more immediate Sense and Disposition of my People in general, from their Representatives chosen during a Sea-Ion, which has been attended with great Variety of Incidents of the highest Consequence and Expectation, and during the Course of the War in which we are engaged against the Crown of Spain; a War in itself just and necessary, entered into by the repeated Advice of both Houses of Parliament, and particularly recommended to me to be carried on in America; which has been my principal Care: I can therefore make no doubt, but that you are met together fully fenlible of our present Situation, and prepared to give me such Advice as shall be most conducive to the Honour and true Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms.

You cannot but have observed, with an Attention suitable to the Occasion, the impending Dangers that threaten Europe, and more immediately such Parts of the Continent, as shall withstand or refill the formidable Powers which are confederated for the Subversion, or Reduction, of the House of Austria. The Apprehension of these Things was communicated to the last Parliament, when both Houses expressed their great Concern for the Troubles which were then broke out in the Attftrian Dominions, and came to the strongest Resolutions, in favour of the Queen of Hungary, for the Maintenance of the Pragmatick Sanction, and for the Preservation of the Balance of Power, and the Peace and Liberties of Europe: And had other Powers, that were under the like Engagements with me, answered the just Expectations they had so solemnly given, the Support of the common Cause had been attended with less Difficulty.

I have, pursuant to the Advice of my Parliament, even

) since the Death of the late Emperor, exerted myself in

I the Support of the House of Austria: I have endeavour-

ed, by the most proper and early Applications, to indure other Powers, that were equally engaged with me, and I VoL. 24.

the King’s Speech.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have, during the Course of my Reign, had so much Experience of the Duty and Affection of my Parliaments to my Person and Government, and of their Zeal for the Good of their Country, and the Support of the common Cause, that I do, with the greatest lleafon, rely upon the Continuance of them in the present Conjuncture. There never was a Time, in which your Unanimity, Vigour, and Dispatch, were necessary to so many great Ends as those which are now before you. I will do my Part; let it appear, by your Proceedings and Re(b-lutions, that you have that just and hearty Concern for them, which their Importance requires.

A Motion was made, and the.Question being pro* Addresson posed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne, and to congratulate his Majesty upon his safe and happy Return into this Kingdom; toexprefs our dutiful Acknowlegements to his Majesty for his Royal Care in the Prosecution of the War against Spain, and his paternal Concern for the publick Welfare, in the present perilous and perplexed Situation, and Posture of Affairs in Europe; and to allure his Majesty, that as great Variety of Incidents, of the greatest Importance and Consequence, have happened during the Course of the last Year, this House, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude to his Majesty, and touched with a just Sense of the impending Dangers, will, as often as these momentuous Affairs shall come under their Consideration, give his Majesty such Advice as becomes dutiful and faithful Subjects, and such Support and Assistance as shall be most conducive to the Honour and true Interest of his Majesty’s Crown and Kingdoms, and to the Maintaining of the Balance and Liberties of Europe\ and that, in order to answer these great and necessary Purposes, this House will grant to his Majesty such effectua] Supplies, as shall enable his Majesty to be in a Readiness to support and assist his Friends and Allies, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the Exigency, and Circumstances of Affairs shall require; and to defeat any Attempts that shall be made against his Majesty, or against those who, being equally engaged with his Majesty by the Faith of Treaties, or united by common Interest, shall, from a just Sense of the common and approaching Danger, be willing to concert such Measures as, in this critical Conjuncture, shall be found necessary and expedient.

An Amendment was proposed to be made so the Question, by leaving out the Words " his Royal Qa.it in the Prosecution of the War against Spain, and

And

.1

1

Committee on the State of the Nation.

Admiral Vernon's Answer to Vote of Thanks.

ii 8° — 90 Decembris. A. 1741.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro* posed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, (b amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne, and to congratulate his Majesty upon his same and happy Return into this Kingdom j to express our dutiful Acknowlege-ments to his Majesty for his paternal Concern for the publick Welfare, in the present perilous and perplexed Situation and Posture of Affairs in Europe; and to assure his Majesty, that, as great Variety of Incidents, of the greatest Importance and Consequence, have happened during the Course of the last Year, this House, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude to his Majesty, and touched with a just Sense of the impending Dangers, will, as often as these momentuous Affairs shall come under their Con-(ideration, give his Majesty such Advice as becomes dutiful and faithful Subjects, and such Support and Assistance as shall be muff conducive to the Honour and true In-lereft of his Majesty’s Crown apd Kingdoms, and to the Maintaining of the Balance and Liberties of Europe; and that, in order to answer these great and necessary Purposes, this House will grant to his Majesty such effectual Supplies as shall enable his Majesty to be in a Readiness to support and assist his Friends and Allies, at such times, and in such manner, as the "Exigency, and Circumstances of Affairs shall require, and to defeat any Attempts that shall be made against his Majesty, or against: those who, being equally engaged with his Majesty by the Faith of Treaties, or united by common Interest, shall, from a just Sense of the common and approaching Danger, be willing to concert such Measures as in this critical Conjuncture shall be found necessary and expedient

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hen. Ar. Herbert, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Selwyn junior, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Clutter buck. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Attpmey-General, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Edgecurnbe, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Coke, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Barnard, Lord Sundon, Mr. Legge, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Archer, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cary, Mr, Hooper, Mr. Walpole, Cdl. Mordaunt, Lord John; or any Five

of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will,

upon Thursday the 21st Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r-. .-, H» I... . I T nI 'T11.T -r — 1 r> ' r I"! -

Mercurii,90 die Decembris

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker, acquainted the House, That, in Obedience to the Commands of the House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, he had transmitted to Vice-Admiral Vernon, their Thanks, for the Services he had done to his King and Country in the West. Indies; that, feme time the last Summer, after the Diffo-lution of the Parliament, a Letter was brought to him by James Vernon, Esquire, Brother of the said Admiral, which Mr. Vernon laid he had received from the said Act-

miral; and which, Mr. Speaker said, being direified to him in his private Capacity, he opened; and that it contained an Answer from Vice-Admiral to the said

Thanks of the House of Commons, as followeth, viz.

Sir,

The Angular Honour done me, in being thought deserving of the unanimous Thanks of the House of Commons, for my Endeavours to discharge my Duty to ids Majesty in these Seas, is what I can’t find Words futfi-ciently to express niv grateful Sense of; but I shall ever retain a just Acknowlegement of the great Honour done me by the House, in their Approbation of my Services to his Majesty, and my Country, and thinking them deferring of their Notice in this publick manner.

As the publick Approbation of so augtift an Assembly is the highest Honour a Subject can receive, I must beg the Favour of you, Sir, to assure the House, that a grateful Sense of it will never be effaced out of my Memory, and that I shall endeavour, in all my future Conduct, by a continued Diligence, and faithful Discharge of my Duty to his Majesty, in the Execution of his Orders, lor the Honour of the Crown, and Service of my Country, to study to preserve the Continuance of their Efteein. I am, Sir,

Your most obedient, and most humble Servant,

E. Vernon.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw irp an Address, to be th(' presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn ^ccc up an Address accordingly j which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament sfletnbled, beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty upon- your safe and happy Return to these your Kingdoms; and to return our sincere Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne; and, at the same time, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude, cannot but acknowledge your Majesty’s Regard and Attention to the Honour and Interest of this Nation.

The great and impending Dangers that threaten Europe, under the present critical and perplexed Situation of Affairs, have been represented by your Majesty, to your Parliament, for their Advice and Assistance, with such paternal Concern, and such Affedrion to your People, such Confidence in your faithful Commons, and such Anxiety for the general Good of Europe, as cannot fail to excite in us a due Sense of your Majesty’s Goodness and Condefeension: and therefore we aflbre your Majesty, in the strongest manner, that this House will, as often as these momentuous Affairs shall come under ourConsideration, give your Majesty such Advice as becomes dutiful and faithful Subjects, and such Assistance and Support as shall be most conducive to the Honour and true Interest of your Crown and Kingdoms.

And, in order to answer these necessary Purposes, we will grant such effectual Supplies as shall enable your Majesty not only to be inaReadiness to tupport your Friends and Allies, at such times, and in such manner, as the Exigency, and Circumstances of Affairs thall require; buk to oppose and defeat any Attempts that shall be made against your Majesty, your Crown and Kingdoms, or against those who being equally engaged with your Majesty, by the Faith of Treaties, or united by common Interest, and common Danger, shall be willing to concert such Measures as flial 1 be found necessary and expedient for maintaining the Balance of Europe.

The said Address, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Ordered*

! 15 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s mostHoncurablePrivy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

He King's Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Speech to*be take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious

considered. Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

Westminster Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of

Sledion. the City and Liberty of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That William Lord in the Kingdom of

Ireland, Sir Charles Water, Knight, Edward Vernon, Esquire, Vice-Admiral of the Blue, and Charles Edwin, Esquire, having, on the Second Day of May 1741, been nominated Candidates at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the City and Liberty of W 1flminster,a Poll was then demanded, and proceeded upon in the Porch of the Parish Church of St. Paul, Covent-Garden, within the said City and Liberty; that it was previously agreed between the said Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Charles Edwin, and John Lever, Esquire, High-Bail iff and Returning Officer of the said City and Liberty, that Cheque-Books should be kept on Behalf of the said Edward Vernon and Charles Edwin, at the said Election, during the Continuance of the said Poll;, that the said John Lever was determined, at all Events, to return the said Lord Sundon and Sir Charles Wager-, that during the first Three Days of taking the Poll, the said John Lever contentedhimlelf barely with doing Insultice, under Colour of exercising his Judgment, and under that Dilguile refuled the Votes of several Persons duly qualified, and delirous to Vote for the said Edward Vernon and Charles Edwin; and, at the same time, admitted others to poll for the said Lord and Sir Charles Wager,

who had no Right of voting: That the said John Lever, being conscious of his own gross Partiality, with a; View to suppress the proper Evidence of it, on the

-Sixth of May 1741, arbitrarily refused to fuller tire said Cheque-Books to be continued on behalf of the said Edward Vernon and Charles F.dwitt, notwithstanding his own previous Agreement, and the Consentofall the Candidates present: That the said John Lever, not satisfied with Insultice and Partiality only, had recourse to Violence; and, in Coiyun&ion with Arthur Rawlin/on, the High Constable of the said City and Liberty, and others, did hire and pay a great Number of loose and dilfolute Persons, and furnish them with Clubs, Bludgeons, and other offensive Weapons;: and did direct the Persons, lb armed, to attend the Place of Poll, and insult the Friends and Voters of the said Edward Vernon and Charles Edwin-, and the said hired Persons did accordingly attend, and prevent many legal Voters from polling at the said Election: That the said John Lever being determined at lall.to make a Return, without observing so much as the Form of gping through the Poll, did, on the 8th Day of May 1741, in Defiance of Law and Justice, without any Notice to the Voters, without the Consent of the Candidates, or any Person in their Behalf, and contrary to the express Protell of the said Charles Edwin against that Proceeding, even while several Persons were then polling, and others demanding to be polled for the said Edward Vernon and Charles Edwin, finally closed the Poll: That a Body of Soldiers, to the Number of Fifty and upwards, headed by Officers, marched, with Drums beating, to the Place of Polling; and, being the re drawn up in a military manner, the said John Lever did, under the Shew of their Protection, most unjustly declare the said Lord Sundon and Sir Charles Wager duly elected Members for the said City and Liberty of , while many

Hundred legal Voters, deCrous to vote, remained unpolled: That the Petitioners, thus deprived of the Right of being represented in Parliament by Member* of their Vol. 24.

n

own choofipg, and tonfidering not only die Injury they have themselves received, but the fatal Influence which this unparallelled Attack upon the Privileges of a City, lo immediately undeF the Eye of the Legislature, mud have upon all other Elections in the United Kingdom, think themselves obliged to apply to the House, for such Redress to themselves, as may be agreeable to the Nature of their Cafe, and for such Punishment to be inflicted on the said John Lever, and his Accomplices, as the Hei-noufness of the Offence, and the Danger of the Example, demands? And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of John Robins, Gentleman, Mayor of the Bofllnnfr Borough of BoJJinney and Trevena, in in; the Eleiftion.

County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, arid read; setting forth. That, by the antient Usage of the said Borough, the Mayor thereof is the proper Officer to make the Return of Members so serve in Parliament for the lame: That the Petitioner,:on the Tenth Day of Oftob&r One thousand Seven hundred and Forty, being the prescriptive Day for the Fled ion of a M^yovjwas choseo Mayor of the said Borough, for the Year ensuing, and presented as such to Pajko Hojkin, then Mayor/Who was prefenfC and presided at the said Election of the Petitioner r That thereupon the Petitioner was, by the DU redlion of the said Pajko Hojkin, sworn into the said Offied of Mayor, as usual; and the laftf did then rtsign

the Chair of Mayoralty, and likewise deliver over thb Re* galia of the said Borough to the Petitioner; and the Petitioner hath continued in the said Office, arid ailed thereih ever since: That the Petitioner'did, some time after, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, as* by Law directed, in the Parish Church oi Tintageil afi^tesaid, of which the said Hojkin was then Churchwafderi j and as such did subscribe a Certificate thereof; and futtbetythe said Pajko Hojkin did appear at the next Quarftjr-Sessions for the said County of CornwallJ and did (here tdftify, that he law the Petitioner receive the Sacrament, as Mayor of the said Borough; which Attellation he likfcwife subscribed; and the Petitioner did thereupon take the Oathfc by Law directed: That, notwithstanding tire'Premil’es,

John Fortescue Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, did cause the Precept fir the Election of Two Member^ to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to be delivered to the said Pajko Hojkin, who took upon himself, iri-pur-fuance thereof, to make Proclamation of the Day of Eleilion, notwithstanding the Petitioner, as Mayor of the said Borough, did, at the time of making such Proclamation, demand the said Precept of the said Hojkin, which he refused to deliver: That the Petitioner* as Mayor of the said Borough, did appear, and preside at the said Eleilion, as Mayor, having the Regalia of the said Borough with him; and did then again demand the Precept, which the said Hojkin refused; and delivered' the same to one John Phillips, an Attorney, to be read, and not to the Town-Clerk, as usual, although he was then present, and demanded the lame: That, on proceeding to the Eleilion, John Sabine and Christopher Tower Esquires were duly eleiled by a Majority of Votes; and accordingly the Petitioner did make a Return of the said John Sabine and Christopher Tower to be Members, to serve in Parliament, for the said Borough, to which the Seal of the said Borough was annexed: And the lama was duly tendered to the Sheriff of the said County, who absolutely refused to receive the same: That the said Pajko Hcjkiy did likewise take upon himself to maLe a Return of Richard Liddel and Thomas Fojier Esquires, who had not a Majority of Votes; and the Sheriff did receive the same, and transmit it to thcClerk of the Crown: That the said Proceedings of the said Pajko Hcjkin were contrary to his own Knowledge, and to the repeated Declarations of the fakl Hojkin thereupon, and in Prejudice of the Petitioner’s undoubted Right as Mayor: That the said H'gh-

E , Sheriff,

9* Decembris,

H

9* — l o* — n*

A. i 74-1.

Sheriff, and his Under-Sheriff Hugh Mander, were both jesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein duly acquainted, that the Petitioner was Mayor of the limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain (Rice excepted', said Borough before the Delivery of the said Precept to and other Species above enumerated.

Pajko Hojiin, and the said Sheriff, at the Time of tendering the Return, signed by the Pet itioner; neither could they be ignorant thereof, the Petitioner being sworn as such at the Quarter-Session, long before the Election; all which Allegations the Petitioner is ready to prove r And therefore praying the House, in behalf of the Petitioner, and the Electors of the said Borough, That the Return made by the said Pajko Hejkin may be taken off the File; and that the Return made by the Petitioner, and duly tendered to the Sheriff, may be annexed instead thereof; and that the House would give such further Relief as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Friday Morning next, with the Return of Burgesses

And then, he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Time

The Lord Sidney reported to the House,

That his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to rpjjointe^for the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would receiving be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased A to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Ti,e KWV to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Majesty’s most gracioui Speech to both Houses of Par- Speech ,# 'i- considered.

11%,

215-

BoJJnney, in the County of Cornwall \

The House divided:.

The Yeas went forth:

T'llm for the Yra4 Mr'. Sj.' Fa. ]

Tellers for the Noes, j ’ }

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.;

The House being informed. That Mr. John the Petitioner, attended at the Door with the Return, by him tendered to the Sheriff of the County of;

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Robins do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed. That Mr. John Town-Clerk of the said Borough, attended at the Door, with the publick Court-Books of the said Borough ? and also with the Roll, subscribed by Persons who took the Oaths at the Quarter-Session of the Peace, held for the said County;

liament.

And the same Was again read by Mr. Speaker.,

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty; ' '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion. "

And then the House adjourned till To-mgrfgifr Morning, Nine of the Clock.. rt

- r

__________ :__________a

,4* J

Veneris, 1i° di;

‘ i . .: '

Anno 15* Georgii II'1 Regis, 174K

Supply.

Pray e us.

MR. Speaker ret>orted, That the House attended his Majesty, Yesterday, with their Address; To.which Ordered', That the said Mr. John Line do attend this his Majesty was pleased to give this malt, gracious A«r House upon Friday Morning next.

The

Anfat r ia Ad.Uct*.

fvver:

The House being informed, that Mr. Richard , Mr. William Langford, Mr. John , and Mr. Stephen Tilley, attended at the Door, as Witnesses, in relation to the Matters of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Richard Score do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Langford do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Avery do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Stephen Tilley do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Jovisy id* die Decembris;

Anno 15* Georgii II. Regis, 1741.

Praters.

Account of r| 'H E House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford

Corn^&c. X from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended exPorted* at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the and appended the common Seals of the Boroughs to Two House, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Commissioners, one for the Borough of Anjlruther Wejier,

Gentlemen, - ' '

return you my Thanks for1 this dutiful and loyfj Address, and for the' Assurances "yop h<Ae given ffie ’at this critical and important Conjimfture'. "'I shall always have the greatest Regard to the Advice of my Parliament, and I make no Doubt but you will aft therein in such manner as shall be most conducive tg the Honour and Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms; and give me your Sup^iort and Assistance in carrying on such Meafiiycs as shall be judged to be necessary and expedient.

A Petition of Major-General Anjlrnt herwas pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the a8th Day of May last. Came on the Electiop of a. Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Dtf-trift of Boroughs of Anjlruther Wejier, Anjlruther Rafter, Pettenween, Craill, and Kilreniiy, of which District Anjlruther Wejier was then the prefixing Borough: That the Petitioner was then duly elected, by a Majority of Votes, \to wit) by the legal Delegates or Commissioners from the Boroughs of Anjlruther Wejier, Anjlruther and

Kilremy; and the Petitioner ought to have been returned; but that John Cunninghame, Common Clerk to all the said Three last mentioned Boroughs, after he had, by the express Order of the Majority of the Electors, signed.

AnfhutHtr Wester, Ice. Election.

Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Com, Grain (Rice excepted) Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon; an Account of all Com, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit, Starch, Beef, Pork,

to Sir Philip Anjlruther, and another for , to the

Petitioner, and delivered the same to the said Sir Philip Anjlruther and the Petitioner, respectively, with the Precepts from the Sheriff, did, in a most illegal and unprecedented manner, and in Contempt of the Authority of and Bacon, exported to any Place whatsoever, between the said Boroughs, signTwo pretended Commissions, one Ckrijhnas and the 49th Day of September, in pursuance of to John Wilson, of Edinburgh, Merchant, for the Burgh any of the Liberties and Powers for that Purpose granted of Anjlruther Wejier; and the other to John Cowper, for by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Ma- the Borough of; by means of which illegal Pro-

ceeding

*5 Geo. II.

ii

Decembris,

r

»5

eeeding of the said Cunningham, no less than Seven Per* fons all pretending to have Commissions under the coni'1 mon Seals of the said Five Boroughs, which compose the said District, appeared as Delegates, and claimed { and, by the said Cunningham, were allowed to vote at the said Elefiion: That the said Cuunder Pretence that the said PVHfonand Cowperfthe said Two Delegates

of his own Creation) had, together with’ the Tvyo Dele* gates from Pettenween and -voted for the Honourable Mr. John Stewart, the/aid Cunningham hath

pay of Maylaft being appointed for the Election of a

Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick, the Petitioner was duly elected Corny

fiii/fidner to represenf the said Shire, and ought only to have been returned} notwithstanding which, the Petitioner, to his great Surprize, finds, that there is likewise annexed to the Writ, and returned by the Sheriff of the said. Shire of Berwick, together with the Return of the Petitioner, an Indenture, purporting to be a Return of Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, as the Commissioner

taken upon himself to certify to the Sheriff of the County duly elected to represenf the said Shire: And therefore of Fife the Name of the said Mr . John Stewart, rrs the graying the Hpufe to take the Merits of the said Elefiion

-- and Return into their immediate , Consideratiop; and to

do therein as Thall teem moll agreeable to, Justice.

That,'thelMatter of the said Petitions, an^i

doubl^'Peturrt, be heard at the B'^rofthis House, upon

ne.&t.

Person duly elected for the said D iff rift of Boroughs^ and hath joined in an Indenture with tlr^Sheriff-Depnte'Of the said 'County 'in returning th as

Member for the said District df Boroughs; who' duly defied for the Tame, and ought' not to h'aVe. beert returned: That feVetal Alegal ’and uHBue'Prii&ife&^ri made use of at and before thei/aid Elefiiorr by tht*4/aid Mr. Jeh/r S/ewart.and by the said Jo hit Cunningham, and other Friends and Agents of the said Mr: John Stewart^ in order to his being ib, returned, as' aforesaid: And thei^-fore praying the House to take the P6tition^r,s\dafe fnto

Ia nrr1/>r tlVp Air! P tA'ktthHtfanrlhH

; A, Petition of Algernoon Earl of Moun^raf/ jn tJieJK.ing-dom of Ireland, apd George Berkeley Esquire, was presented to thef.Hb’tife,"and read j setting, forth/Tfof, at the last Elefi’foo' of Members to serve in this present Parliilttiehf'for "thtf BoVotlgh q'f’ in the County of

'. t'l 1. i!__i_r__

He<(o»

Elediorv

.Anstrurhrf Writer, &c. Election.

Ditto.

Consideration, and to ordbr the said Ret urn WBtfartlfch^'d the Pfii^orters flood Candidates: Th^t, lpng before

in favour of the Petitioner', and to.givd the Petitioner the fat'd Eteftion, fr'Mcts Moore, then pne of the Bailiffs such other Relief as to tlib House shall leetwviheejt.^;" of dfyhe /aid'ffo'so.iigb', and an Attorney at

A Petition Of the Magistrates and Towh-Couflcrl of JLaty, a'rf^1 Joljn 'Ffirbndgfr'Moih. Freemen of the lai^ the Borough of Anjlrnther 'Weferi ’iti the Shrre df "Fife, Bofotfgfy'J&Vg»-a< a -, — *-r under their common Seat: And'affp, r‘: -~i:'- having' a Right

Ditto.

t'6' i great Number of Persons

____ fd^btei^ fiie./aid, Ele^ipn,'by.. way, of

A Petition oft lie Magistrates and Town-Council of Eameff hi tlfe%iterpft. of Twcf unknown

the Borough of Attjimker Easter', In the Shire of Fife, CandidifcSi'^ltp'^buld afterwards appear: That

under rheir commoB Seal: And'also^’ ’ I ’CMiid ahfdu2.»«Esquires’afterwards appeared

" ‘ *r 'n j Town-Chuhcil of j'Hhd) 'by:tjhem/eTves, and the

of Fife, iincfeftHdjr Mooref PfMotl'Waed, aridVJohh

' 'I ' ‘ and other h'ufltV 6f most notorious Bribery

A Petition of the Magistrates and the Borough of KilrennJ, in the Shire

yw.r.s.o . E!t6it>n*

common Seal; ’ ‘s " ;: : and bHier A^etifs’^fte/e §uffty 6f most notorious Bribery

ufefahd’r^T ^f wd'Ch/rdpfiO^} ‘ biy’ which, and other illegal Prafiicesi

Were foverally pre/entdd to thfe Hbtifey__________ , . _____f... ...___,________..... __________

' !- verally complaining of an undue‘:Ele, fiiotj'littd Kb- tiitey ^focilieii’niemfeK'es tb be returned as Members t<? turn for the District of Bilrgjis of Anjlruther tVefier, serve, in ^his. prej^ut Parliament' foe the said Borough, ixi Anjlrulher feqfter, Pitteiiween\'Crtli}l,i)ir\<\ ffUrenny. prejudice jt'6 ‘tlfe* Petitioners, who were duly defied by,4 Ordered, That the Matter of fh^said Petitions b.e M^joi^ty bf legal and uncorrupted V^OteS, and in open heard at the Bar of this House, upon TuesdaytW idDity Defiance and Violation of the Laws for securing the of February next. r . , . Freedom of Elections of Members to ferye in Parliament:

’ ;'",i t- v ' ‘ . Thdt' the’ feid and them? 1

A Petition of the fJoriourMe^Alexiitrdir Hume Cctmp‘ selves and their Agents, treated and entertained the bell Esquire, was presented to the House, arid read ;'let- Voters of the said Borough openly after the Teste of the ting forth. That, at* the Election of a Commissioner to Writ, Contrary to the.Statute ia that Ca/e made and pro-forve in this present Parliament for, the Shire cd Berwick, vidi'd'^ai^d riilj; neither the '/aid Francis Chute nor the in Scotland, the Petitioner and Sir John Sinclair Baronet, said.Z.^ Robinson are qualified to fitor vote as Mem-ftoed Candidates; and; according to the Statute, the Pe- bers of this Hou/e; neither of them having, at the time titioner, as last Member for the said Shire, took the'Po 1 of the said Efffiion or Return, such an Estate as by Lavy for elefiing a Prefcs and Clerk, according to the Lift, or is required: And therefore praying the House to take th? Roll, which Sir John Sinclairdefired, and required the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners

Petitioner‘to call, and the Freeholders present con/ented to; and Sir Robert Pringle Baronet was chosen Fre/es, and James Pringle, Writer to the Signet, was cho/en

Clerk to the Meeting for the Elefiion: That the Petii tioner was duly cho/en Commissioner to serve in thrs^rre-sent Parliament for the said Shire: arid an Indenture,

such Relief as to the Hpufe shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the/aid Petition be heard at. the Bar of this House, upon ’Tuesday the 16th Day of February' next.

A Petition of Alexander Hume and , John Frederick^ Chippenham certifying the fame, was executed by Sir Robert Pringle Esquires, was presented to the House, ancf read; setting £le<^ion* the Prefes, and James Pringle the Clerk, together with forth; That,1 at the Elefiion of Members* to serve in this several - Freeholders *; which the Petitioner and the 'laid pre/ei/t Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the James Pringle tendered to David Hume, of fi'edderburn. County, of Sir Edmtind Thomas Baronet, Edwarf the Under-Sheriffafting at the said Elefiion; which he BayhtunRolt Esquire, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates'.; That, on the Second Day of A/ify, being the 5>-preceding the Day appointed for the Elefiion, which was Monday the Fourth, a considerable Number of armed Men were brought into the said Borough by the Agents of the said Sir Edmund Thomas and Edward

refu/ed to receive; laying, "He was convinced inhrsCon/cience, that Sir John Sinclair was duly defied;" or Words to that Effefi: That the said Under-Sheriffhath annexed the said Indenture to Iris Writ, and returned the lame, together with a Parchment, purporting to b^ arf

indenture; certifying. That Sir John Sinclair was duly Jiayntun Roll, in order to terrify and intimidate the Voters

Ditto.

defied; although it is not executed by the Prefes, nor the CJerk, cho/en as aforesaid; and hath thereby returned the (did Sir John Sinclair, as well as the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House’ to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief as the Hpufe shall think fit.;

A Petition of Sir John Sinclair Baronet, tvas presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the zfth t Voi. 24.

in the Interest of the Petitioners; and on the feme Second of May, at Eight of the Clock in the Evening, Anthony Guy Esquire, the High Sheriff of the said County, who tvas the oldest of the Twelve Burgesses, and a principal Inhabitant of the said Borough, and, as such, one of the F.lcftors of Members to serve in Parliament the feme, dnd who had declared himself, and was well known by the said Sir Edmund Thomas and Edward Bayntun Rod,

and

Carlisle

tledion.

16 110 DecernIrisA. 1741-

and their Agents, to be in the Interest of the Petitioners, tv as, by Richard Smithy one of the Coroners of the said County, taken into Custody, upon an Attachment for his Under-Sheri ff’s (who was then very Tick) omitting to make a Return of a Writ against one Thomas Brown, for the Sum only of Twenty-seven Pounds; and the said Richard Smith, notwithstanding unexceptionable Bail of Ten thousand Pounds was tendered to him for the Appearance of the said Anthony Guy, did, at the Instigation of John Norris, Adam Tuck, and others, the Agents of the said Sir mas and Edward Bayntun Ro/t, keep the said Anthony Guy all Night at an Inn, in Custody with the said armed Men; and the next Morning the said Richard , and armed Men, carried him to the Town of Devizes, and there detained him till the Morning after the Election, being Tuesday the Fifth of May, and then brought him back again to the said Borough of Chippenham, and set him at Liberty, without having any Bail or other Security given; whereby the Petitioners were deprived of the Vote and Assistance of the said Anthony Guy, who had often declared he would poll for them: That the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that William Johnson, the then Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, being influenced by the said Sir Edmund Thomas and Edward Bayntun Ro/t, acted very partially in their favour, and admitted several Persons to poll for them, who had no Right, and refused several Persons who had an undoubted Right, topo\l, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioners: That, by the aforesaid arbitrary and unwarrantable Proceedings, and by other illegal and indirect Practices, the said Sir and Edward Bayntun Rolt have procured themselves to be returned, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Defiance and Violation of the Law's for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration , and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thatfday the 28 th Day of January next.

A Petition of John Hylton Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the general Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the Chunty of Cumberland, the Honourable Charles Howard Esquire, John Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the undoubted Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Freemen thereof; and that the Mayor of the said City, for the Time being, is’ the Returning Officer: That Richard Coultharwas, at the time of the said Election, Mayor of the said City, and presided at taking the Poll at the said Election; That the said Election began at the Town-hall of the said City upon the 13th Day of May last; and the Petitioner and the said Charles Howard, and John then attended as

Candidates; and several Votes were then given by Freemen of the said City for the Petitioner, and also for the said Charles Howard and John respectively j

That, about Twelve of the Clock, at Night of the said 13th Day of May, until which time the said Poll had continued, the said Richard Coulthard did, with the Con-lent of the Petitioner, and also of the said other Candidates, adjourn the further Taking of the said Poll till Nine of the Clock next Morning, being the 14th Day of the said Month of May j at or about, which time the said Richard Coulthard, and also the Petitioner and the said other Candidates, met at the said Town-hall, and several Freemen, to the Number of 250, and upwards, who had not voted at the said Election, also then and there attended, in order to give their Votes at the said Election; but the said Richard instead of pro-

ceeding to take the Votes of such of the Freemen of the said City, as had not before voted at the said Election, but Were ready to vote, and many of whom then tendered

their Votes for the Petitioner, called to' his Clerk for the Numbers of the Votes which had been given tite Day before, and being informed by his laid Clerk, that there were for the said Charles Howard 109 Votes, lor the said John Stamvix 90, and for the Petitioner 3; Votes; the said Richard Coulthard immediately ordered his Clerk to close the Poll-Books; which was accordingly done; and, in an arbitrary and illegal Manner, declared the said Charles Howard and John Stanwix duly elected; though, at the same time the said Charles Howard, the Petitioner, and many Persons who had a Right of voting, protested against such Declaration, and infilled upon the said Richard Coulthartf s proceeding in the said Poll;

and the said Richard Coulthard, soon after such Declaration made by him, withdrew himself from the said Town-hall, without taking the Vote of any one Freeman of the said City, upon the said 14th Day of That, immediately after the said Mayor had thus illegally withdrawn himself, a great Number of Persons, having an undoubted Right of Voting, and, who had nor voted before at the said Election, gave their Votes in the Town-hall in the Manner following; to wit, for the said Charles Howard 252 Votes, for the Petitioner 256 Votes, and for the said John Stanwix27 Votes; winch Votes were taken down by Beufon Highmore and Thomas the

younger, Two of the Clerks appointed to take the Poll at the said Election for the said Charles Howard and the Petitioner; by which it appears, that the said Charles Howard and the Petitioner were duly eletfted by a great Majority of legal Voles, and ought to have been returned; but the Cud Richard Coulthard hath unduly returned the said John Stanwix, together with the said

Charles Howard, as Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, in jmanifeft Prejudice to the Petitioner, and in Violation of the'Rights of the said City:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House fhalffeem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the find Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 26th Day of January next,

ITie Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Order) Boffinaey with {he Ret urn for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into and the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And he being returned;

The Writ, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, for the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, and the several Boroughs thereof, was read:

And the Indenture of Return, whereby Thomas Foster and Richard Liddel Esquires are returned as Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, signed by Pajko Hojkin, as Mayor, and also subscribed. with the Names of Ten other Persons, as free Burge lies of the said Borough, was also read:

And the several other Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Mr. John Robins, Mr. John Line, Mr. Richard Score, Mr. William Langford, Mr. John , and Mr.

Stephen Tilley, being read; I

And the House being informed, that they attended accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Mr. John Line be now called in;

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House of the 19th and 23d Days of October 1 722, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Return for the District of Burghs of Inverness, Nairn, Forres, and,

might be read:

Lnd the same was read accordingly.

j 5 Geo. IL

ii° Decemb.

*7

The House was also moved. That the Journals of the with the Names of several Persons, who took the Oaths House of the 25th Day of October 1722, in relation to at the Quarter-Session of the Peace, held for the said the Proceedings of the House upon the Return for the County the 13th of January 1740, together with the

District of Burghs of Inverbervie, Moutrofe,

Bricben, and Ababrothick, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Journal of the House of the 27th Day of 1722, in relation to

Certificate of the said John Robins having received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper;

He was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That the said Court-Book, by him the Proceedings of the House upon the Return for the produced, contains the Proceedings of the Courts of the District of Burghs of Dvjart, Burntisland, Kirkaldie ,laid Borough, from the Court held the 14th Day of No-and Kinghorn i and upon the Return for the District of vember 1738, being the First Court after his Admission

Burghs of Kilrenny, Anjhuther-Anjlrnther-tajler,

Pettenween, and Crailt; and upon the Return for the District of Burghs of ForfarSt. An-

drew’s, and Coze par; might be read:

- And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Journal of the House of the 5th and 8th Days o 1727, in

relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Return for the Dfftrict of Burghs of Dumbarton, therglen, and Renfrew, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

to his Office of Town-Clerk: That the said Book was written by him; and that the Entry of the Proceedings of the Court, held the 10th of 1740, was by

him made at the time it bears Date:

And then he again withdrew.

Then the Entry of the Proceedings of that Court, holden before the said PaJkoHoJkin (when the said John Robins was by a Jury presented to be Mayor for the Yearenfuing), was read:

And the Form of the Mayor’s Oath was allb read: And the House was informed by One of their Mem-

Then the Question being put. That the said Mr. John bers, that he was present at the said Court, when the said

Line be now called in:

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi *fr. tTMnpm, l Colonel Mordaunt

Tellers for the Noes fSir John 1 eiiers for the i\ioes,£ Mr pi((

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

224.

j 21S.

John Robins was presented to be Mayor, and law the said Pajko Hojkin relign the Chair, and deliver the Mace and Town-Seal to the said John Robins:

Then- the Certificate of the said John Robins having taken the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, in the Parish-Church of Tintagel, on the 9th Day of November 1740,

as Mayor of the said Borough, signed by the Minister of the said Parish, and the said Pajko Hojkin, as Churchwar-

And he was called in accordingly, and examined as to den thereof, and’ attested likewise by the said Pajko Hof the Mayor of BoJJinney being the proper Returning Officer kin, was read:

Then the said Roll was read, to which the Name of John Robins is subscribed, as having taken the Oaths at the said Quarter-Session:

Then John Avery, was called in, and examined as to hi*

for the said Borough; as to the Proceedings of a Court Leet, holden for the said Borough the 10th Day of O£io-ber 1740, before Pajko Hojkin, Mayor thereof; as to John Robins being by a Jury presented to the Mayor for the ensuing Year; as to his being sworn as such by the said being present when the said John Robins demanded froth Pajko Hojkin; and as to the said Pajko Hojkin religning the said Pajko Hojkin the Sheriff’s Precept for the Election his Chair, and delivering the Regalia (viz. the Mace of Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the said and the Seal of the said Borough) to the said John Borough; and as to the Refusal of the said Pajko Robins. to deliver the lame:

He was also examined as to the Constitution of the said And then he withdrew.

Borough; as to the Absence of the said John Robins Then Mr. Richard Score was calledin, and examined

from the said Borough after his Admission to the Office of as to his being present at the last Election of Burgesses to Mayor; as to what Acts were done by the said Pajko lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; as to John Ro-Hojkin, as Mayor, after the said Admission of the said John bins then presiding as Mayor, and having the Regalia with Robins; as to the Method of nominating a Jury for the him, and again demanding the Precept from the said Presentment of a Mayor for the said Borough; as to the Pajko Hojkin s and as to the Refusal of the said Pajko Qualification of such J ury; as to the Number of the Jury Hojkin to deliver the fame:

who presented John Robins, and to the Qualification of And being also examined as to what passed at an Act- Mr. Baron, One of them; as to the Objections made at journment of the said Court on the Monday Fortnight that Court, to his being then admitted a free Burgess; as after Easter; as to the Absence of the said Jdhn Robins to the Number of free Burgesses present at the said from the said Borough after his Admission to his Office Court; as to the Times of holding the Two annual pre- of Mayor; as to the usual Business of the said Two leriptive Courts for the said Borough; as to a Court held Courts thereof; and as to the Nature of the Mayor’s the said John Robins on the 2 2d Day of April last; as to Office;

by the Arrest and Imprisonment of the said John Robins on Monday Fortnight after Eajier, being the prescriptive Day for holding One of the said Courts, and to the Reason for his not holding the said Court, and to the Manner of an Adjournment thereof; as to the general Method of admitting the free Burgesses of the said Borough to their Freedom, and to the Manner of admitting Six new Burgesses by the said John Robins on the said 22d Day of; as to the Proceedings at Law against the said John Robins, for acting as Mayor, and against the said Mr. Baron, for claiming to be a free Burgess of the said Borough; as to the Second Admission of the said Mr. Baron to his Freedom, and the Realbn thereof; and as to the Continuance of the said John Robins in his Office:

And the said John Line having produced, as Town-Clerk of the said Borough, a Court-Book thereof, and

He was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,: }"»

Tellers for the Noes.jj^ 111

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Stephen Tilley was called in: Who, being examined, acquainted the House, that he saw the said John Robins execute a Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which the said John Robins delivered to him, to be delivered to the said Mr. Richard Score, in order to be tendered by Mr. Score to

also an ancient Paper, containing the Form of an Oath the Sheriff of the said County: taken by the Mayors of the said Borough: And being examined as to the Absence of the said

And having also produced, as Deputy-Clerk of the John Robins from the said Borough; as to the Part which Peace of the County of Cornwall» the Roll subscribed the said Pajko Hojkin and John Robins severally acted at Vox,. 24. F the

Bofllnney

Election.

i8

11

\aj Decembris-

A.

1741

the said Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; as to the Demand of the Chair by Pajko Hojkin, ?nd the Demand of the Precept by

Robins.-, and a)(o as to the Demand made by the said John Line, the Town-Clerk, to read the said Precept, according to the Duty of his Office;

He was directed to withdraw.

Then Mr. Richard Score was again called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That the said Mr. Stephen Tilley delivered to him the said Indenture of Return, to be tendered to the said Sheriff’; which he tendered accordingly, and the said Sheriff refused to accept:

And Mr. Richard Score having produced the said Indenture of Return;

Mr. Stephen Tilley was again called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That he saw the said Indenture of Return executed by the said John , and the other Electors, whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

He was also examined as to the Name of Pajko Hojkin

201.

s

} i6j.

Te^for he Tea

Tellers for teNta.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And he annexed the same to the Writ accordingly. Ordered, That Thomas Foster and Richard Esquires be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the said Borough of Bojfinney, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Saturday Morning, near One of the Clock, adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 dieDecembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Praters.

being called over, as Mayor of the said Borough, at the rpH E House being informed. That some of the Com- Account, of

last Lent Affixes held for the said County, and his Appearance thereas to Notice given by the Witness to the said Sheriff) and his Under-Sheriff, that Pajko Hojkin was not, and that John Robins was, Mayor of the said Borough; as to his advising the said Under-Sheriff to

A missioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of East India Goods, that remained in the _ , Warehouseat St. Helens at Michaelmas 1740, with what

correct the Calendar (prepared by the Under-Sheriff), in has been brought in since, what exported, and what re-which the Name of Pajko Hojkin was inserted as Mayor mained at Michaelmas 1741, which are prohibited to be of the said Borough; and as to his being present at Worn in this Kingdom: And also, the said Quarter-Session, when the said John Robins An Account of East India Goods, that remained in the took the Oaths; as to the said Pajko Hojkin then testify- Warehouse at Leaden-hall at Michaelmas 1740, with what ing, that the said John Robins had taken the Sacrament; has been brought in since, what exported, and what re-

East Iadia

prohibited

Goods,

and as to Pajko Hojkin's then telling the Witness, that

he came to be an Evidence for Mr. Mayor of Tentagell: Then the said Return was brought up to the Table;

And the said Mr. Richard Score was again examined, as to the Attendance both of John Robins and Pajko Hojkin at the said Affixes, as Mayor of the said Borough:

mained at Michaelmas 1741, which are prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom: And also,

An Account ox East India Goods, that remained in the Custom-house Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1740, with what has been brought in since.

----- — .----- j — - o what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1741,

And the said Mr. Stephen Tilley and Mr. Richard Score which are prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom: And, being withdrawn; also,

The said Indenture of Return, whereby John Sabine An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be and Christopher Tower Esquires are returned as Burgesses worn in this Kingdom, that remained in the respective to serve in this pTefent Parliament for the said Borough, Warehouses in the Out ports of England at Michaelmas signed by the said John Robins, and subscribedjwith the 1740, with what has been brought in since that time.

Names of Thirteen other Persons, as free Burgesses of the said Borough, was read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, signed by Pajko Hojkin, the same not being signed by the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough;

Mr. Foster, One of the Sitting Members for the said Borough, being present, withdrew,

And the Question being put, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of BoJJtnney, in the County of Cornwall, signed by Pajko Hojkin, the same not being signed by the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes

| 206.

|i9i.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And he took the same off the File accordingly.

A motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Clerk of the Crown do annex to the Writ, the Indenture of Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, signed by John Robins, he being the proper Returning Officer of the said Borough:

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 174;:

And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from RuJJta into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1740 to Michaelmas 1741: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1740 to Michaelmas 1741.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Denbigh thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Ek&u« Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the 26th Day of May last came on the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh, at which Sir Wi-kin Williams Wynn Baronet, and John Myddelton Esquire, were Candidates: That, upon casting up the Poll, it appeared that there was a Majority of 419 Votes for Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, as the Numbers were declared and published by William Myddelton Esquire, the Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said County, and delivered ‘ in Writing by him to the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynn; the Numbers upon the Poll being for the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynn 135a, and for the said Mr. Myddelton 933; and a Scrutiny being thereupon demanded by Mr. Myddelton and his Friends, the Sheriff declared the whole 17 Poll

i 5 Geo. II. 14° Decembris, 1

Poll had been a Scrutiny; and that he did not know, that Mr. Myddelton had any Right to demand a Scrutiny, or he to grant one, or to that Effect; but that, notwithstanding this Majority and Declaration in favour of the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, the said Sheriff, in order to give a Colour for returning the said John Myddelton, hath presumed, privately and clandestinely, without hearing any one Party or Witness, to disallow near 600 Votes that were polled for the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynn;in which Number the Petitioners, who have long had very considerable Freeholds in the said County, and were everyway qualified to vote at the said Election, to their great Surprize find themselves included: That the Petitioners apprehend, the said William Myddelton was emboldened to commit this Injustice by Hopes of Impunity from the Numbers of those he had injured; imagining, that the House could not spare Time from the publick Business to examine into the Rights of near 600 Freeholders, and knowing that no Action could safely be brought against him at Law, nor any Prosecution by way of Indictment or Information, without first: obtaining the Leave of the House: And therefore praying the House to appoint a short Day for hearing the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and to give them such Relief as the Nature of their same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet. Also,

Denbigh A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are El*®00- thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh:And also.

Ditto. A Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of the said undue Election and Return, and the Behaviour of the said Sheriff of the said County.

Ordered, That the' Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the 4th Day of February «ext:

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Yeas, j Jjjfly'JT1' }

TeHe, for, heNoes, J^".

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Bmrford- A Petition of Hugh Barlow of , in the County

weftfikaion. of Pembroke, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth. That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of Haverford-wejlSir Erasmus Philipps Baronet and the Petitioner were Candidates, and ‘Thomas Phillips Gentleman presided as Returning Officer: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that the said Sheriff admitted many Persons to vote for the said Sir Erasmus Philipps, in Contempt of a Resolution of the House, of the 4th Day of July, in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, being the lait Determination relating to the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and also admitted several others to vote for him, who had no Pretence to any Right, and refused many Persons, who had an undoubted Right, and offered their Votes for the Petitioner; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices of the said Sheriff, and the Agents on behalf of the said Sir Erasmus , a

pretended Majority was procured in favour of him; who was accordingly returned by the said Sheriff, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Cotes Esquire was presented to Tam worth the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last ^lection Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, the Right honourable John Sackville Esquire, commonly called Lord John Sackville, JohnF Esquire,

and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates: That Samuel and Edward Woodcock, the then Bailiffs and lieturning Officers of the said Borough, acted partially and illegally in favour of the said Mr. Floyer, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Floyer, who had no Right to vote, and refused others who had a Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioner; and by such and other indi-' rect, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, by, for, and on the behalf of, the said Mr. Floyer, several Persons were, both before and at the time of the said Election, influenced to vote for the said Mr. Floyer, or were hindered from voting for the Petitioner; by which, and other undue Means, the said Mr. Floyer has procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough, instead, and in Wrong, of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes; and therefore ought to have been returned, together with the said Lord John Sackville, to represent the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the flatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

A Petition of John McKye, of , Esquire, was Peebles, &c

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Election, the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire and the Petitioner flood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Peebles, Linlithgow, Selkirk, and Lanerk: That the Delegates of the Burghs of Linlithgow, Selkirk, and voted for the Petitioner, and the Delegates for the Burgh of Peebles voted for the said James Carmichael Esquire; and the said Delegates ordered John Macewen, the common Clerk of Peebles, to return the Petitioner accordingly; and the Petitioner was immediately called in, and acquainted in Form, that he was duly elected, and desired by them to sign a Waver of Wages; which he did accordingly: That, notwithstanding this, the said John Macezveti, the Returning Officer, presumed, by a certain Writing executed between him and the Sheriff of , to return the said James Carmichael, who had but One Vote out of Four, as well as the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire D;tt0{ was presented to the House, and read; letting forth.

That, upon the 28th Day of May last, came-on the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Peebles, Linlithgow, Lanerk, and Selkirk: That Peebles being then the presiding Borough,

John Alexander, who was legally elected Delegate for that Borough, was President of the Meeting; and, notwithstanding several illegal, indirect, and moll; extraordinary Practices, made uleof, at and before the Election of a Delegate lor the Borough of Lanerk, by divers Persons acting as Agents for John M'Kye, of Esquire,

in order to have procured a Person devoted to their Interest to have been elected Delegate for the said Borough,

Wm.Wild was, by the Majority of legal, unexception-

n

50 i £ Decenibris.1741.

able and free Votes, duly ele<sted Delegate for the said Borough: That by the Votes of the said Delegates from Peebles and Lanerk, and by the Calling Vote of the said Delegate, from which were the Majority of legal

Votes, the Petitioner was duly defied Burgess to represent the said Boroughs in this present Parliament, and ought to have been returned i notwithstanding which, the ‘ aforesaid John ALKye has procured his Name likewise to

be returned in the same Indenture with the Petitioner, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who ought only to have betn returned: And therefore praying the House to take his Cate into Consideration, and to order therein as they shall judge most agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions, and of the said double Return, be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 25th Day of January next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Dunbar,&c. A Petition of Janies Fall, Merchant in Dunbar, was

Election, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the a8th Day of May last, the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dunbar, Haddington,

Berwick, and Lauder, by Four of the legal Delegates of the said District; and, by a Court of all the Delegates for the said District assembled, was declared duly and lawfully elected; and the Common Clerk of , the

presiding Burgh, was accordingly directed by the said Court to return the Petitioner: That the said Clerk did immediately make Proclamation at the Window of the Court-House in Dunbar, the Place of Meeting, that the Petitioner was duly elected Member to represent the said District; and did also regularly sign an Indenture, by which the Petitioner was returned, and declared duly elected, by the Majority of Voices; to which Indenture the common publick Seal of the said Burgh of Dunbar was annexed; and delivered the said Indenture to the Petitioner, to send to the Sheriff; but that the said Clerk, several Hours after he had so signed and delivered the said Return, was privately prevailed upon, through the Instigation of the Agents for Sir Hew Dalrymple, of Berwick, Baronet, to sign a Paper, which is called an Indenture, by which the said Sir Hew Dalrymple is pretended to be returned Member for the said District of Burghs, and declared, contrary to the Truth, to have been elected by a Majority of Voices; but the common publick Seal of the said presiding Burgh is not affixed thereto, nevertheless the Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Haddington hath annexed this pretended Return to the Writ, together with the Return of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such speedy Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of Sir Hew Dalrymple Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Boroughs of

Haddington, Lauder, and Jedburgh, James Fall Esquire, 2nd the Petitioner stood Candidates; and the Petitioner

having a Majority of the Votes of the Delegates for the Boroughs of the aforesaid District, that were duly and legally elected, George Fall, the Commdn Clerk of the said Borough of Dunbar, joined in an Indenture and Return with the Deputy-Sheriff, for the Sheriffdom of Haddington, whereby the Petitioner is returned as a Burgess, to serve for the aforesaid District of Boroughs: That, notwithstanding thereof, the said George Fall has been prevailed upon to join with the Deputy-Sheriff for the said Sheriffdom of Haddington, in another Indenture and Return, whereby the said James Fall is also returned for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem most proper.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-Council of Dnnb.ir, &«. the Borough of Haddington: And also, Election.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-Council of Ditto, the Borough of North Berwick: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-Council of Ditto, the Borough of Lauder;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging, That the said Sir Hew Dalrymple was duly elected a Burgess for the said District of Burghs; and severally complaining of the said Return of the said James Fall Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Merits of the Return, and the Merits of the Election for the said District of Boroughs at the same time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions and double Return, upon Wednesday the 27th Day of January next.

A Petition of William Sclatey Esquire, one of the.pre- MfJborne* siding Capital Bailiffs of the Borough of Milborne-Port, PuriEJetfioo, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth. That there are Nine Capital Bailiwicks within the said Borough; and that by ancient and immemorial Usage, Two of the Capital Baiiiffe of the said Bailiwicks preside each Year as Head-Officers, according to a certain and known Rotation, and are called presiding Capital Bailiffs: That the Petitioner and Mr.

John Donne were the Two presiding Capital Bailiffs for the Year ending at Michaelmas last, to whom, or to one of whom, the Precept for electing Members to serve in this present Parliament, ought to have been delivered, and to whom, or to one of them, the Execution of the said Precept did of Right belong: That the said John Donne, being absent from the said Borough, the Petitioner attended Edward Haliett, the then and present Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, and desired the said Sheriff, that the Precept for electing Burgesses to represent the said Borough, might be delivered to the Petitioner; informing the said Sheriff, at the same time, that he was the only presiding Capital Bailiff then present in the said Borough; but that the said Sheriff refused delivering the Precept to the Petitioner, and afterwards delivered it to one George Baunton, who then pretended (without any legal Authority) to be Deputy or Sub-Bailiff to the said John Donne, which said George B a union gave a Receipt for the fame, subscribing himself thereto Bailiff of the said Borough; which the Sheriff received, and although he well knew that the said George Baunton was not Bailiff of the Borough, and that the Petitioner was the only presiding Capital Bailiff then present in the Borough, and to whom alone the said Precept ought to have been delivered: That the Petitioner presided at the said Election of Members, to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and a Poll was there publickly taken by Francis Newman, Gent, the then

Steward

\ -

15 Geo. II. I40 — 15* Decembris.

21

Steward of the said Borough, who was the only proper Officer for that Purpose authorized by Deputation, under Hand and Seal of the Petitioner, as is usual; upon which Poll it appeared, that Michael Harvey and

Thom/on Esquires had a Majority of legal Votes; and thereupon the Petitioner, together with several others, Burgesses and Electors of the said Borough, by Indenture under the Common Seal of the said Borough, as hath been usual in such Cases, returned the said Michael

Vey and William Thom/on Esquires duly elected to serve as Burgesses for the said Borough, in this present Parliament; which Return the Petitioner did tender in Person; and by his Agents, to the said Sheriff several times; but the Sheriff, by the Directions of Thomas and

Jeffery French Esquires, the other Candidates at the said Election, refilled to receive the same, and intend thereof accepted and received from the said George a

pretended Return of the said Thomas Medlycott and Jeffery French, as duly elected to serve as Burgesses for the said Borough in this present Parliament $ to which the Common Seal of the Borough was not affixed, as is usual, bur, inllead thereof. Two Impressions of the said Common Seal, which seemed to be cut off from some old Deeds, or other Writings, Were affixed and studk thereon with Wax: And therefore praying the House to take the said Premises into Confidciation; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Wilbome- A Petition of Michael Harvey Esquire: And also, PortEIeflion. A Petition of William Esquire;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j letting forth. That, at the last Election of Burgefl'es to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne-Porl, tn the County of Somerset, Thomas Medlycott and Jeffery French Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; That, at the said Election, William Sclater Esquire, a presiding Capital Bailiff, duly took the Poll: And the Petitioners were at the said Election duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and were by Indenture duly executed by the said Wi/liam Sclater, and others. Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, under the Common Seal thereof, returned to Edward Hallett Esquire, the then and now Sheriff of the said County of , accordingly; That George Banntoit took upon himself, without any Authority, the Office of Deputy or Sub- Bailiff of the said Borough, and did, without any

Right, take, or order to be taken, a separate Poll; at which pretended Poll he acted partially, illegally, and arbitrarily, in favour of the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. French, and admitted, or caulk! to be admitted, many Persons to poll for the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. French, who had no Right to vote; and rejected, or caused to be rejected, the Votes of several Persons, who either offered to vote, or had actually polled, for the Petitioners, and who had an undoubted Right to vote; and even on that Poll the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Sheriff' (who then was, and still is. Bailiff, or other Servant, to the said Mr. Medlycott;

and also was notoriously an Agent, in behalf of the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. French, at the said Election), not with (landing his own Precept preparatory to the said Election, was directed to the Bailiffs and Burgefl'es of the Borough; and though the Petitioners were thus duly elected, and returned, as aforesaid, arbitrarily refuted to accept of the aforementioned Indenture of Return, and to annex the same to the Writ directing the said Election, as he ought to have done, though the same was duly tendered to the said Sheriff for that Purpose; and in-Head of that Return, has annexed to the said Writ* as and fora Return thereto, a Parchment Writing, having the Name of the said George Baunton, and other Persons thereto subscribed, but not of any presiding Capital Bailiff, and without having the Common Seal of the Borough duly tet thereto, as was necessary, and ought to have been done, whereby Vot. 24.

the said Mr. Medlycott atld Mr. French, are pre- tended to be returned Members for thei said Bo-; rough, although the iaid Mr. Mediycott and Mr. French were not, nor either of them, was duly elected: That by means of the Paid pretended Re-, turn, and by other illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, made use of by, for, and in favour of the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. French, they the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. French arc unduly returned, as Burgefl'es for the said Borough* inllead and in Prejudice oft he Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Rights of 1 he said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take t!>e said Premites into Confederation, and to give the Petitioners l'uch Relief with regard to the find Return; and also oil the Merits of the said Election* as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard’ at the Bar of this House, upon Saturday the 23d Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martiiy 15* die Decembris;

Anno 1 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741. Praters.

A PETITION of Alexander Brute, of , Esquire, was pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Freeholders of the Shift of Kinro/s, met at Kinro/s,the Head Burgh of that Shire, on the 21st Day of May lad, in order to eletft a Commissioner to represent the said Shire of Kinro/s, in this present Parliament; but there having been, for several Years, no regular Michaelmas Head Courts held in the said County* there was then no legal Roll of Freeholders; which had proceeded from the Contrivance of Sir John Bruce, of Kinro/s, Sheriff'of that County, who, with a View to in-gross to himself the whole Power of electing, as well as returning, the Representatives for that Shire, had taken upon himself to expunge, in an arbitrary manner, the Names of the Freeholders interted in the Roll; the Petitioner therefore, together with Mr. Dunda/s, of

Craigtoun, Mr. Henry Rollo, of and Mr. Robert

Bruce younger, of Kennel, who are all Freeholders of the said Shire, and had legal and unexceptionable Qualifications, appeared at the Meeting aforesaid, appointed for the Election of a Representative for the said Shire j and, in order to intitle themselves to vote at that Meeting, regularly produced their respective Titles, after they had qualified according to Law, being the Majority of Freeholders there present, they elected Mr. Lanranct Dunda/s to be their Prates, and Janies Angus to be theif Clerk j and then the said Majority did regularly and duly elect the Petitioner to be their Representative in Parliament; but whilll the said Freeholders were concluding their Minutes of Election, the Petitioner, together with the Majority of the said Freeholders, who had voted for him, were, by the Orders of the said Sir John Bruce, and by his Officers there attending, thrull with Force and Violence out of the Meeting; and though James Angus, the Clerk of that Meeting; did regularly tender to the said SirJMrt Bruce, as Sheriffof that County, and likewise to one William White, who pretended to be Sheriff Deputy, a proper Indenture, certifying, that the Freeholders of the said Shire of Kinro/s had deified the Petitioner to represent them in Parliament, yet they both refuted to accept or return the said Indenture; but the said Sir7^# Bruce has, in the moll illegal, arbitrary, and violent manner, procured himself to be returned by the said William White, a pretended Deputy, by Charles Bruce Esquire, his own Son, who takes upon himself to act as principal Sheriff, notwithstanding that the said Sir John , who is now returned, did, at the time, and Hill does, hold the

G Office

Kinroli Elefliom

11

15° Decembris. A. 1741.

Office of Sheriff from the Crown: And therefore praying the House to take the said Return into their Consideration, to examine the Matters complained of, and to do therein as they shall judge most agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Colchester A Petition of Charles Gr, of , in the County

Election, of Essex, Esquire, and Samuel of the same Place,

Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester aforesaid, the Petitioners, and also John Esquire, and Matthew

Martin Esquire, flood Candidates: That, on Thursday the 7th Day of May last, the said Election came on before Mr. Jeremiah Daniel, who then acting as Mayor of the said Borough, presided, at the Poll taken on that - Day, and, in the Evening adjourned it to the next Day: That, on Friday, the 8th Day of May, the late Robert Price, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, pretending to be Deputy Mayor of the said Borough (though not to constituted, as the Charter of the said Borough directs), presided at the continued Poll taken on that Day, and, in the Evening, adjourned it to the next Day: That, on Saturday the 9th of May, the said Robert Price continued to preside at the Poll taken on that Day, and the same was concluded about Noon; when the Numbers being cast up, they were agreed, by all Parties, to be as follow; viz.

For the Petitioner Charles Gray - - 832.

For the Petitioner Samuel Savill - - 807.

For the said Mr. Olmius - 806.

And for the said Mr. Martin - 790.

Whereupon the Town-Clerk of the said Borough, by the Order and Direction of the said Robert Price, publickly declared the Numbers to be as aforesaid: That thereupon’ a Scrutiny was demanded for and on the Behalf of the said Mr. Olmius and Mr. Marand was granted by the said Robert Price; and Scrutineers were appointed for the Petitioners, and for the said Mr. Olmius and Mr. Martin; and it was agreed that they should meet at Three of the Clock that Afternoon: That the said Deputy-Mayor and Scrutineers on both Sides, met according to the said Appointment; and the Scrutineers for the Petitioners were ready to have gone on with ferutinifing the said Poll in the usual manner, but the Scrutineers for the said Mr. Olmius and Mr. Martin refused so to do, and would not enter into any Scrutiny at all, unless the Rights of certain Freemen, made in the Years 1728 and 1729, should be given up, without further Examination, although their Right of voting had never before been contested: That the Scrutineers for the Petitioners, apprehending that they ought not to consent to such irregular and partial Proceedings, refused to comply therewith, and infilled either to go on with the Scrutiny, by examining the Rights of the Voters, as they flood upon the Poll at that time, or elsethat the said Deputy-Mayor would pleal'e to appoint some other Day for that Purpose; both which he retufed to do: That the said Mr. Daniel, who was absent, as aforesaid, during the greatest Part of the Time the said Poll was taken, without examining into the Right of any one Person admitted to poll, was induced to return, by Instrument under the Common Seal of the said Borough, the said Mr. Olmius and Mr. as the Members to

represent the said Borough in this present Parliament: Wherefore, as there Hands upon the Face of the Poll a Majority of Votes for the Petitioners, once received, and never afterwards struck out, either by the said Jeremiah Daniel, or the said Robert Price, the Petitioners apprehend they ought in all Events to have been returned; and hope the House will, upon Proof of the above Alle-gat ions, order the said Return to be rectified accordingly: And that the Petitioners were duly elected by a much greal er Majority than now appears for them upon the

»4

Face of the Poll; the said Jeremiah Daniel and Robert Price not only refused to receive the Votes of several Pt r-fons, who were legally qualified, and offered to poll for the Petitioners, and omitted to set down the Names of several Persons who actually voted for them, but also admitted great Numbers of Persons to poll for the said Mr. Olmius and Mr. Martin, who were not legal Voters, most of whom have been disqualified by the last Resolution of the House, relating to the said Borough: And therefore praying the Jlouie to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Pe;itioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem moot.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Carre Esquire, was presented to Newcastle the House, and read; setting forth, That Walter Blackett u£?n, T>,ne Esquire, Nicholas Fenwick Esquire, Matthew Ridley s lou‘ Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, which began on the 13th Day of May 1741: That at such Election the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Member for the said Town: That the said Walter Blackett and Nicholas Fenwick, or their Agents, by Bribery and Corruption, and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, prevailed .;

upon great Numbers to vote for them the said Walter Blackett and Nicholas Fenwick, and deterred and obstructed many Freemen from giving their Votes for the Petitioner at the said Election: That RalphSo Esquire, Sheriff of the said Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Returning Officer at the said Election, was guilty of illegal and unwarrantable Practices therein, and did permit divers Persons, not qualified to vote, to give their Votes for the Taid Walter Blackett and Nicholas Fenwick at the said Election; and hath returned them the said Walter Blackett and Nicholas Fenwick, to serve as Members for the said Town, although he ought to have returned the Petitioner one of the said Members: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be considered; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Matthew Ridley Esquire was presented Ditt«. to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the lafb Election of Representatives in Parliament for the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Walter Blackett Esquire, Nicholas Fenwick Esquire, Carre Esquire,

and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Ralph Sowerby Esquire, the then Sheriff and Returning-Orncer of and for the said Town and County, both before and at the Time of the said Election, acted partially and illegally in the Execution of his Office, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Fenwick, who had no Rhht to vote, and refused others who had a Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioner; and by such and other indi-red, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, of, by, for, and on the behalf of the find Mr. Fenwick, several Persons were, both before and at the time of the said Election, influenced to vote for the said Mr or were

hindered from voting for the Petitioner, and who otherwise would actually have voted for the Petitioner; by which and other undue means, the said Mr. has

procured himself to be returned, to represent the said Town and County, infleadand in wrong of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, both of the said Mr.

Fenwick and Mr Carte, and ought to have been returned, together with the said Mr. Blackett, to represent the said Town and County: That, at the time of the said Election, the said Nicholas Fenwick was not duly qualified to be elected, nor to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, in Quality of a llepresentative for the said Town and County, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An

i5 Geo. II. 15®

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the Stairs, with their Back-swords or Scymitars in their further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Hands, and when any of the said Burgeflls (who attended Commons: And the Petitioner infills, that the pretended with an Intent to vote the Petitioner) attempted to go Election and Return of the said Mr. Fenwick were un- up into the Town-HaJl. to vote for the Petitioner, they due, and are void; and that the Petitioner ought to have called out to the other Persons, so placed on the Stairs, been returned: And therefore praying the House to take as aforesaid, to knock them down, laying. They are none the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief, of our Friends; by which means the Petitioner’s Electors upon the Merits of the said Election and Return, and were obstruded and hindered from going into the Hail, also upon the Matter of the Qualification of the said Mr. to give their Votes for the Petitioner; whereby the ikid: Fenwick, as to the House shall seem just. Owen unfairly had all the Hands in the Hall,

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Con- and was by the said Mayor declared duly elected on View liberation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: (not one of the Petitioner’s Eledors being permitted to

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- come into the Hall); and the said William Owen was port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the thereby unduly returned by the said Mayor, to lerve as House. Member for the said Borough of Pembroke; whereas the

Petitioner had a considerable Majority of legal Votes at Pembroke A Petition of Thomas Philipps Gentleman, late Mayor, the said Election, ready to have polled for the Petitioner, Election, and the several other Persons, whole Names are there- if they had not been obstruded, as aforesaid; and who unto subscribed, being BurgelTcsof the Borough of W came as nigh as they could to the Hall, to demand their ton, in the County of Pembroke, in behalf of themselves, Polls; and the Petitioner ought in Justice to have been and all other the Burgesses of the said Borough, was pre- returned to lerve as Member for the said Borough of Pern-lented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the broke: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre-said Borough of Wiston is a very ancient Borough; and miles into Confederation, and to grant the Petitioner such that the Mayor and Burgesses of the same have a Right Relief therein as the House shall think just and reason-to vote in the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament able.

for the Borough of Pembroke:That at the time of the Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be last Election of a Member to lerve in Parliament for the heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday the 6th said Borough of Pembroke, the Petitioner Tiomas Phi- Day of February next. lipps was Mayor of the said Borough of Wiston, but that

neither the said Mayor, nor the Burgesses of the said A Petition of Sir Robert , of Fowlis, Baronet, Borough, were lawfully admonished by Proclamation, or was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, otherwise, by the Mayor, or other Head Officer of the That, at a Meeting held at ,on the a8th of May

said Town of Pembroke, to come and give their Elections 1741, for the Choice of a Member to represent the Diffor the electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the trid of Dornoch, Kirkwall, Wick, Dingwall, and Fain, said Borough of Pembroke, as by Law they ought to have in this present Parliament, the Candidates were Charles been: That the Petitioner, and several of the Burgesses Arejkine Esquire, Lord Advocate of Scotland (who was of the said Borough of Wiston, hearing accidentally (the not, at the Time of the Election, lo much as an hono-Day before the Election) of the time appointed for the rary Burgess of any one Burgh of the said District), and eleding a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the said ' the Petitioner: That Commissions were produced by the Borough of Pembroke, attended there accordingly, with an several Persons. herein after-mentioned, appointing them Intent to give their Votes for Rawleigh Manjel Esquire, Delegates for the said several Burghs j the Honour-who was a Candidate for the said Borough; and that nei- able Brigadier James St. Clair, for the Burgh of -ther the said Mayor, nor any of the Burgesses of Wiston, noch, being the presiding Burgh; David , of -were admitted into the Town-Hall, but were by Force chassly, for that of Fain; George , of for

kept out of the fame; and were thereby intirely deprived that of Wick; the Right Honourable George EarJ of of their Bight of eleding for the find Borough of Pcm- Cromarty, for that of Dingwall, and James Backie, of broke: And therefore praying the House to take the Fankerttefs, for that of Kirkwall: That, by Statute 7 Geo. Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Re- II. ch. 16. it is enacted, That the Chief Magistrate of lief therein as to the House shall seem meet. every Burgh, reliant in the Burgh, shall, within Two

Ditto. A Petition of Rawleigh Manjel, of the County Bo- Days after Receipt of the Precept for Choice of Delegates, rough of Carmarthen, Esquire, and one of the Burgesses summon the Council of the Burgh, giving Notice to of the ancient Borough of Wiston, in the County of Pcm- every Counsellor reliant there, and that such Council 111 all broke, was presented to the House, and read; setting then appoint a peremptory Day for the Election of the forth, That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Delegate; but Two whole Days shall intervene betwixt Parliament for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of such Council and the Day on which the Delegate is to be Pembroke, the Petitioner and William Owen Esquire were cholen: That the said George Sinclair, of Ulbjler, being Candidates: That WyrriottOwen Esquire, a near Rela- himself Sheriff of and Provost or Chief Magi-

tion of the said William Owen, was the then Mayor and Urate of Wick, but not refiant in the said Burgh, did, in Returning Officer of the said Borough of Pembroke:That a clandestine manner, and without any previous Coun-

the said Wyrriott Owen did not, by himself or otherwise, cil, held for appointing the Time of Election of a Degive any Notice or Warning of the said Election, to the legate, convene upon the 16th of May, Ten of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said ancient Borough of Council only, in the Absence of one of the Baillies and Wiston, who (together with the Burgesses of the Bo- Town-Treasurer, and without any Notice given, and roughs of Pembroke and Fenby, in the said County) have from them obtained a pretended Commission to be De-a Right to vote in the Election of a Member to serve in legate, from Wick aforesaid, at the ensuing Election, Parliament, for the said Borough of Pembroke: That, at bearing Date the same Sixteenth of May, as appears the said Election, several Burgesses of the said several from the Minutes of that pretended Council: That this Boroughs of Pembroke, Wiston, and Fenby, attended at Commission being illegal, as granted at a Meeting which Pembroke, at the Town-Hall, being the Place of Election, could by the said Act only appoint a peremptory Day at the Time of the said Election, in order to have given for the Election of a Delegate, but by no means autho-their Votes, at the said Election, for the Petitioner; but rized to proceed to the Choice of one; the said George they were obstruded and prevented from going into the Sinclair did, upon the 20th of the same Month, but laid Hall, by a great Number of Persons, who were placed without any Notice or Summons given to the several on the Stairs leading to the said Hall, armed with Pitch- Counsellors of the Burgh, as the Ad directs, and with-foiks, and other ofteniive Weapons: That, during the out any previous Appointment of a peremptory Day, whole Time of the Election, several Persons, Friends to convene a Part only of the Council of the said Burgh, the said William Owen, flood at the Head of the said from whom he then obtained a Paper-Writing, purport-Voi. 24. ing

Dornoch,

&c.

Ele&ioa

24

ing to confirm the former illegal Commission; which only Paper he produced as his Authority, enabling him to vote at the said Election of a Member, as a Delegate from the said Burgh, and gave his Vote accordingly at the said Meeting of 28th as Delegate, in favour of Mr. Arejkine: That, by the Law and Custom of Parliament, it has always been held a high Infringement of the Rights of the Commons of Great for

Peers to intermeddle in the Elections of Commoners: And that, by the Law of Scotland, no Peer is capable of being a Delegate for any Burgh; nevertheless the said Earl of Cromarty did, contrary to the Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, take upon himself to act as Delegate for the said Burgh of Dingwall, under a pretended Commission from the Town-Council of that Burgh, and give a Vote for Mr. Arejkine, to represent the said District of Burghs in the present Parliament t That the said David Ross and James as respective

Delegates, lawfully commissioned by the several Burghs of Tain and Kirkwall, did, at the said Meeting of the t8th May, give their Votes for the Petitioner, to represent the said District in this Parliament; and although the said Brigadier St. Clair (to whose Commission the Petitioner has many Objections) did, as Delegate of the Burgh of Dornoch, give his Vote for the said Mr. Arejkine, yet the Votes of the said Earl of Cromarty and George Sinclair (pretended Delegates of the Burghs of Dingwall and Wick, as aforesaid) being void, as given under Commissions utterly illegal, the Petitioner is the only Person legally chosen to represent this District in Parliament, and ought consequently to have been returned by the Clerk of the Meeting, who has, notwithstanding, at the Request of the said Brigadier St. Clair as Praefes, thought fit to return the said Mr. Arejkine, as chosen by a Majority of Voices, contrary to the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, contrary to the said recited Act of 7 Geo. II. and in prejudice of the Petitioner, who being duly elected for the said District of Burghs, ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the First Day of March next.

Cardigan A Petition of those whose Karnes ate subscribed,

Election, being severalof the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Cardigan, for and on behalf of themselves, and others, the Freeholders of the same County, was presented to the House, and read; fettirtg forth. That at the late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, Thomas Powell, ot Nantees, and Walter Lloyd, of Peterzvell, Esquires, were Candidates: That Daniel Bowen Esquire, the then and now Sheriff of the said County, behaved in the most partial and determined manner, being intirely influenced and directed, through the whole Course of the Poll, by the said Mr. Lloyd, at whose Pleasure and Desire he openly rejected several Electors, who had an indisputable Right, and demanded their Poll for Mr. Powell, and admitted several others to vote for Mr. Lloyd, who had no fort of Right: That notwithstanding such bare-faced and flagrant Acts of Partiality, upon calling up the Books there appeared to be a Majority in favour of Mr. Powell, and which the Sheriff, with Regret and Reluctancy, thought fit to declare; but without returning him, and against his Consent, withdrew from Court, and went into a publick House, and there, in the Absence of Mr. Powell and his Friends, took upon him faHely and unduly to return Mr. Lloyd to be Knight of the said Shire in this present Parliament: That by means of such illicit and pernicious Practices, the Petitioners think themselves greatly aggrieved, by having the Freedom of Elections invaded, the Rights and Privileges of the Electors infringed, and the Choice of the People arbitrarily taken away: And therefore seek for such Redrefi as the Nature

A 1741.

of their same deserves, and as the House shall think meet and just.

A Petition of Thomas Pozve/l, of Nantees, in the County Canaan of Cardigan, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Election, read; complaining of the said undue Election and Return, and of the Behaviour of the Sheriff of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions, upon Monday the 8th Day of February next.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy, for the Year 1742, with the Half-Pay of the Estimates, Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this Army House.

Ordered, That an Eftfmate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land-Forces and Marines, for the Year 1742, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land-Service, for the Year 1742, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-Pay, for the Year 1742, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Che/Jea Hospital, for the Year 1742.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half-Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas lad, as well of or for the Excel's or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South-Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1741, have been disposed of, distinguiilied under the several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of Election, the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several

other

15° Decembris,

15 Geo. II*

15* — 16° Decembris.

*5

A Member takes Oaths.

other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Lij berty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City:

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel were directed to withdraw.'

A Member took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Mercurii-y 16° die Decent hr is \

Georgii II" Regis, 1741*

Westminster

Election.

Anno 15

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr.

Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs, in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, An Account of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, &V. exported from Scotland;

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Account of

Corn,

exported.

the Counsel were again called in:

And the said Petition"was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning ! the Right of electing Citizens to fare in Parliament for the said City, made the 15th Day of November 1680 (when the House resolved. That the King’s tnenial Ser- ' vants, not having proper Houses of their own within the

City of Westminster, have not a Right to give Voices in to be perused by the Members, of the House, the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City), was also read: A Petition of the Honourable Major-General James Ayr

And the Handing Order of the House, rr de the 16th Campbell was presented to the House, and read; setting Election. Day of January 1735, for refraining the Counsel at the forth. That, on the 29th Day of May 1741, came on the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privi- Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament leges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the for the County of Ayr: That several Gentlemen, who had Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament been inrolled, and had voted at former Elections, were, by for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or the Freeholders then met, struck out of the Roll of the Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House Freeholders, and not permitted to vote; and several other of Commons, was also read: Gentlemen, who had a Right to vote at the said Election,

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard: were denied their Righ t of being inrolled, and voting at

And having produced a Copy of the Poll, taken at the said Election, though tljey attended at the said Elec-the said Election, they examined several Witnesses, in tion, and produced their Rights and Titles to their reorder to prove in what manner several Persons, who'came spective Estates, and claimed to be inrolled, and ought to to vote for Vice-Admiral Vernon and Charles Edzvin El- have been inrolled, in order to their voting for the Peti-quire, were obstruded in their Freedom of Polling, on tioner at the said Election: That the said Freeholders, the 1 ft and 2d Day of the PoH: ' then met, also took upon themselves to admit several Gen-

And they also examined a Witness, as to the Partiality tlemen to be inrolled, and vote at the said Election, who of the'High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, being either were not intitled to be inrolled, or did not then the Returning Officer, in allowing the Insepctors, on the produce Rights and Titles sufficient to qualify them to behalf of the Sitting-Members, to administer the Oath vote at, the said Election;. and also to permit several to the Eiedors, and disallowing the Inspectors, on the Gentlemen to vote, who, though inrolled, had no Right behalf of the other Candidates, tp.do the same: to vote at the said Election: That severalof the said Free-

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to holders did enter into unusual and illegal Combination prove, that a Mob, armed with Sticks, was hired by the against the Petitioner, contrary, as the Petitioner appre-iaid High Bailiff to hinder the Friends of Vice-Admiral hends, to the Freedom of Elections, and to the Rights Vernon and Charles Edwin Esquire from polling: of the Eledors of the said County: That though the

They also examined several Witnesses as to the Beha- Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Elec-viour of the Mob so hired, and the Size of the Sticks tion, and ought to have been returned, yet, by the said with which they were armed: unjustifiable Proceedings of the said Meeting, the Peti-

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to tioner’s Name was not certified to the Sheriff; as the prove, that the said High Bailiff, on the Fourth Day of Person duly elected, which he ought to have been; but the Poll, refilled the Use of Cheque-Books, contrary to Patrick Crawford Esquire was certified by the Clerk of his Consent, and the Agreement of the Candidates at the the said Meeting to the Sheriff as the Person duly elected Beginning of the said Poll: by them; and he has consequently been returned by the

And having examined several Witnesses, in order to Sheriff accordingly: And therefore praying the House to prove, that the said High Bailiff rejected a great Num- take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the her of Voters, who lived in the Liberty of the Duchy of Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House Hull seem Lancaster, and offered to poll so- the said Vice-Admiral meet.

Vernon and Charles Edzvin Esquire: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

And Part of the Copy of the said Poll, in relation to sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: the Names of Two several Persons, who were allowed to And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and

report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

vote for the Sitting-Members, as living in,

being read;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of IVcf, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return

A Petition of George Mackenzie, Farnefe, Esquire, Cromarty was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, £lect'0B‘ That the Freeholders of the Shire of Cromarty met at the Town of Cromarty, the Head Burgh of that Shire, on the aill May 1741, in order to elect a Commifixoner to represent the said Shire in this present Parliament: That,

for the said City, be adjourned till Thursday Morning among those who appeared to claim a Vote in this Meet-

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vot.

24.

ing, Five only were duly qualified according to Law; namely. Sir George Mackenzie of Sir James

Mackenzie of Rcyjloun, and the Petitioner, and Sir IVII-liam Gordon of Inver gar don, and John Gordon, his eldest Son; but Five other Gentlemen, Alexander Gordon of Airdoch, Adam Gordon, his Son, Mr. Charles Gordon,

H George

26

16° Decemb.

A. 1741.

George Gordon, and Leonard Urquhart, pretended to act, House to grant the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises, and vote, as Freeholders in laid Meeting, though none as to the House shall seem meet, of them were publickly infeft and in Possession of aForty , That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Shilling Land of old Extent lying within the said Shire, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: and holden of the King or Prince, nor of Lands liable to And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-publick Burthen for his Majesty’s Supply for £. 400 of port the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the ' " ‘' ’ " House.

valued Rent, which the Statute, made in that Behalf, requires as a necessary Qualification, in order to intitle a Freeholder to vote in the Election of a Member to serve Parliament; and, in Combination with the said Sir

in

Caithness

SWfion.

A Petition of Richard Williams Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That on the 1 ith William Gordon, they did, in an arbitrary Manner, under Day of May 1741, came on the Election of a Burgess to Colour of a Majority, by numbering the last Five illegal serve in this Parliament for the several Boroughs of Flint, Votes, pretend to debar the Petitioner from the Roll; Rhydland, Overton, Caerwys, and Caergurley, in the County and, in Combination with the Deputy-Sheriff of the of Flint; at which the Petitioner and Sir George Wynne County, and Clerk co the Meeting, most unjustly pro- Baronet were Candidates: That Evan Lloyd Esquire and cured the said Sir William Gordon to be returned; Edward Ellis Gentleman, the Two Bailiffs of the said though, of the Five Voters who by Law were alone in- Borough of Flint, who were the Returning Officers at titled to elect at laid Meeting, Three, namely, the said this Election, being gained into the Interest of the said Sir George Mackenzie of Grandville, the Petitioner, and Sir George Wynne, did proceed in taking the said Poll Sir James Mackenzie of Royftoun, voted for the Petitioner, with the utmost Partiality against the Petitioner, rejecting and Two only for Sir 'William Gordon; whereby the Peti- several Votes that were duly tendered for him, and admit-tioner was duly elected; but, by the aforesaid Proceed- ting several for the said Sir which had not the

ings (which the Petitioner is advised are contrary to Law, feast Colour of Right: That, by these and many other and highly injurious to him) he is deprived of his Right illegal and arbitrary Methods, made use of by the said of fitting in the House: And therefore praying the Bailiffs and Sir George Wynne, and their Agents, a Ma-House to take the Matters complained of into Considera- jority was obtained lor the said Sir Geo. Wynne, who hath tion, to examine the fame, and to do therein as they shall been returned accordingly: That the Petitioner conceives judge most agreeable to Justice. the said Proceedings not only to be a manifest Wrong to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- himself, but also a Violation of the Rights of the Elec-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: tors of the said several Boroughs, as settled and declared

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- by the last Resolution of the House of Commons: And port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same House. into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as to the

House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Patrick Dunbar, of Bowermadon, Esquire, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; That the Election of a Member to represent the Shire of And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-Caithness in this present Parliament, came on upon the port the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the 4th Day of June last, when the Honourable Alexander House.

Pliu

Ele&ioa

n

Brodie, of Brodie, Esquire, Lyon King of Arms, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That in the Meeting for Election, the Petitioner, the last Member elected for the Shire, called the Roll, which was adjusted at the last Election, and had been recorded in the Sheriff’s

A Petition of the Honourable George Mackay Esquire Sutherland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. Election, That, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of

Books; and the Meeting being constitute by a Majority land. Brigadier James St. Clair and the Petitioner flood upon that Roll, several Freeholders were added, who Candidates: That the Freeholders of the said County produced sufficient Titles, and the Petitioner was unani- met on the 29th of May 1741, in order to elect their mously elected by all the Freeholders who constitute that Representative in Parliament, pursuant to a Precept re-Meeting, who are the undoubted Majority of all the qua- ceived from the Sheriff for that Purpose: That the said lified Freeholders of the Shire; but that, in order to give Brigadier Clair, who acted as Praffes of the said Meet-a Colour to Mr. Brodie1 % being returned by George Sinclair, >ng» and who acted as Clerk, thought

of Ulbfter, Esquire, the Sheriff, who is Mr. Brodie's Ne- fit to declare the said Meeting adjourned, though the

phew, James Campbell, the Sheriff-Clerk, was prevailed upon, though without any Authority, to call in the Meeting of Election another Roll, which was pretended to be made up in a Meeting of Freeholders, held in the Month of October preceding the Election; though that Meeting was only constitute by Two Freeholders upon the Roll, in Opposition to other Three Freeholders, who were also inrolled; but, in order to make up a Majority in that Meeting, the Two Freeholders joined them

Majority of those Freeholders, who at that time were intitled to vote in any Question that arose, protested against such Adjournment, and though all the Freeholders together have no Power to adjourn before the Election is compleated; but the said Brigadier St. Clair, and Hugh

M Clerk, being determined, from private and unjustifiable Motives, to postpone the said Election, immediately withdrew from the said Meeting; and thereupon the Majority of the Freeholders, then intitled to vote, selves to the other Three Gentlemen, who had never been having been thus deserted by the Praefes and Clerk, elected inrolled; and they added to, and expunged out of, the Sir Wm. Gordon Pra?fes, and Clerk; and, after

Roll whom they thought proper, without any Regard to adding to the Rolls the Names of such Persons as claimed their Qualifications; and, in order to favour 'Mr. Bro- Votes, and produced sufficient Titles, they proceeded to die's Election, the Sheriff recorded the Roll made up the Election of a Member of Parliament, and unani-by that Meeting: That this Roll being called by James mously chose the Petitioner to be their Representative; Campbell, the Sheriff-Clerk, the Gentlemen upon that and therefore the Petitioner ought to have been returned. Roll made a separate Meeting, James Campbell was as the only Person duly elected to represent the aforesaid chosen Clerk to the Meeting, and by them Mr. Brodie County in the present Parliament: That, upon the ill procured himself to be elected; and he was forthwith Day of June thereafter, the said Brigadier St. Clair and returned by the Sheriff, his Nephew, and the Clerk: HughMcDonald,*xA several of the Freeholders, assembled,

That, in the Proceedings in these Meetings, there were and pretended to chuse the said Brigadier St. Clair their several illegal Steps taken by the Sheriff and Clerk, and Member for the said County, though the Petitioner’s several undue Practices committed; all which the Peti- Election had been completed some Days before: That tioner hopes to make appear: And therefore praying the many corrupt, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices were

made

Great

Grimsby

tk&ion

Penryu

Election;

Geo. II.

i66 Decembris.

*7

made use of, both before and at the time of the said Election, for and in favour of the said Brigadier Clair, in order to procure him to be elected and returned for the said County: That Kenneth of Meikletorbol,

the Under-Sheriff, refused to return the Petitioner; and lie the said Under-Sheriff and the said McDonald have, contrary to Law and Justice, presumed to return the said Brigadier St. Clair as duly elected for the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon; to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Udney, of Esquire, was Aberdeen,

presented to the House, and read; setting forth; That fcc. Eledioo. "the Honourable John Maule Esquire; and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Aberdeen, Innerbervie, Monteofe, A, and Brechin: That the Delegates for the Burghs of

Aberdeen, and Innerbervie, voted for the Petitioner, and the Delegates for the Burghs of Montrose and Aberbrothock voted for Mr. Maule: That, before and at the said Election, many undue, corrupt, and illegal P rad ices were made use of for, and in favour of, the said Mr;

. , n- Maule, in order to procure him to beeledted; and, when

nw.de, and the Question being put, aii these unjust Practiceshad proved unfuccelsful, certain That it be an Instruct.on to the said Committee, That persons> who pretended they were the dnly lawful Com-

they do hear t he Matter of the said Petition upon Wed- mon Council-men of the said Burgh of tookup-

nesday the 10th Day of February next: on themselves to g^t a Commission to one John

Jon, One of their own Number, to act as Delegate in the

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the

£Mr.:

Tellers for the Noes I1"1 Gle*orch' tellers for the es,jMr:

So it palfed in the Negative.

said Election; and the Returning Officer most arbitrarily [ p8. and unjustly took upon him to receive the Delegate act- ing under such false Commission, and to reject the Dcle-t i2r. gate commissioned by the only acting Magistrates and Town-Council of the said Burgh of Brechin, and to make his Return accordingly in favour of the said Mr.; for whom the said pretended Delegate took upon himself A Petition of Mathew Boucherett Esquire was pre- to vote, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at duly elected to represent the said Burghs in the present the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parlia- Parliament by a Majority of legal Votes, having Three ment for the Borough of Great Grimsby,\n the County of Delegates against Two; and therefore ought to have been Lincoln, Robert Knight, William Lock, Esquires, and the returned accordingly instead of the said Mr. Maule t Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief as but that the said Robert Knight and William Lock did, by to the House shall seem meet.

Bribery and Corruption, and by other illegal and unwar- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-rantable Practices, made use of by them and their Agents, lideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: procure themselves to be returned, in manifest Prejudice And chat they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-

~ - - - port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

House.

of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Clavering Esquire, and the Right Honourable Sir John Campbell Knight of the Bath, commonly called Lord Viscount Glenorchy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Edward Vernon, John Evelyn, Esquires, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates: That the Petitioners were elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that Regimld Bawdon, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved very partially in favour of the said Edward Vernon and John Evelyn, and did admit several Persons to poll for them, who had no Right, and refused several Persons who had an undoubted Right to poll, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; whereby, and by the illegal and unwarrantable Practices of the Agents of the said Edward Vernon and John Evelyn, they have procured themselves to be returned, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the 24th Day of February next.

A Petition of Charles Gore Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Sir ’Thomas Read Baronet, Welbore Ellis Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that John Williams, Bailiff of the said Borough, is the Returning Officer thereof: That Sir Thomas Read and the Petitioner were elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but that the said John Williams has returned the said Welbore Ellis, together with the said Sir Thomas Read, and the Petitioner, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Welbore Ellis Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Sir Thomas Read Baronet, Charles Gore Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and that John Williams, being Bailiff of the said Borough, is the Returning Officer of such Members: That the said Sir Thomas Read, and the Petitioner have a Majority of legal Votes; but that several Persons, who had respectively a legal Right to vote at the said Election, and then presented themselves for that Purpose, deliring the said Bailiff to take their Votes for the Petitioner, he the said Bailiff refused to take the same without alleging any Objection whatsoever to those Persons Rights devoting; and that thereupon William , One of the Constables of the said Borough, affilled by

Two

Cricklade

Eledioa.

Ditto.

Pembroke

Election.

Carmarthen

Election.

Radnor E left ion.

28 i6° Decembris.A. 1741

Two other credible Persons, did then, at the Request of the Petitioner, and in Pretence of the said Bailiff, take a particular Account, in Writing, of the Names of the said several Persons, whose Votes were refuted by the said Bailiff, as aforesaid, and alto of such of the said Candidates for whom those Persons severally declared that they voted at the said'Election; whereby it appears, that the said Sir Thomas Read, and the Petitioner, have a very great Majority of legal Votes; notwithstanding which, the said Bailiff has made a Return not only of the said Sir Thomas Read and the Petitioner, but also of the said Charles Gore: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the ‘Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Mprning, with the Return of Bur-gaffes to feiye in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Critklade.

A Petition of John Symmotis, of in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County of the Petitioner and John Campbell, Esquire, were Candidates: That, at the said Election, several Freeholders of the said County gave their Votes, and did poll, for the Petitioner: That several other Freeholders, who had a good Right of voting, 1 and' tendered their Votes at the said Election for the Petitioner, were refused by Mathew Bot'jcn Esquire, the High Sheriff of the said County, who prelided at the said Election; and that many other Persons, who had no Right of voting, were allowed by the said Sheriff to poll at the said Election for the said Mr. Campbell; whereby he unfai rly obtained a Maj orit y of Votes on the Poll, and was unduly returned by the said High Sheriff to serve as Member for the said County; whereas the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of legal Votes at (he said Election, and ought, in Just'ce, to have been returned to serve as Member for the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee/ff Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Griffith Philipps Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Philipps Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County-Borough of Carmarthen: That John Morgan Esquire, and John Henjleigh Gentleman, being Sheriffs of the said County-Borough, are the Returning Officers of such Member; and, being influenced by the said John Philipps, have acted very partially, and admitted several Persons to poll for him, who had no Right, and rejected several others, who had an undoubted Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioner; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, the said John Philipps has procured himself to be returned, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to giv^ the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Roderick Gwyme Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Tfj^t, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, Sir Humphry Hoivarth and the Petitioner were the Candidates: That, at time of the said Election, the said Sir Humprey Hoivarth was not qualified, in his own Right, to lit or vote as a Member of this House, in'Quality of Knight of a Shire for the said County, according to the Direction of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne^ intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and the Petitioner inlists, that the pretended Election and Return of the said Sir Humphry Hoivarth are illegal; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, as being duly elected Knight of the Shire for the said County:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief upon the Merits of the said pretended Election and Return, and also upon the Matter of the Qualification of the said Sir Humphry Hoivarth, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire: And also, Denbigh,

A Petition of several l’erlons, whole Names are there- Election. unto subscribed; ,

Were fevt rally presented to the House, and read; let- ..i

ting forth, That on the iffth Day‘of 71 lay ^741, came on the', Electi<on of a Burgess to serve in thfe present Parliament for the several Boroughs of high, Ruthyn, and Holt, in the County of Denbigh at which the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire, and John Wynne Esquire, were Candidates: That David Williams and Peter Vaughan, Gentlemen, the Two Bailiffs of the said Borough of Denbigh, Who were’ the Returning Officers at this Election, bcinggained into the Interest of the said John dul pro-

ceed, in taking the Poll, with the utmost Partiality' against the said Petitioner Arthur Trevor; r'ejeft i’ng, several legal Votes, that were duly tendered for the said Petitioner Arthur Trevor, and admitting fevc-ral for the said Mr. Wynne, who had not the leall Colour of Right: That, by these and divers other illegal and arbitrary Methods, made use of by the said Bailiffs and the said John Wynne, and their Agents, a Majority was obtained for the said Mr.

Wynne, who hath been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the Iloufe to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Mathew Sharp Esquire was presented to Dumfries the House, and read; setting forth, That the 4th Day Election, of June last being appointed for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumfries, the Petitioner, who was duly qualified according to Law, declared himself a Candidate; and, notwithstanding many undue Practices and illegal Attempts, was elected by the Freeholders of the said Shire to rcpie-sent them in this present Parliament; but that Sir John Douglass, oiKilhsad, who was neither qualified to cleft, or be elected, for that County, having been, contrary to Law, admitted to vote at that Election, has procured himself to be returned; to the great Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and who was the only Person capable of being elected, for whom any Number of the Freeholders of the said Shire voted:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises

1

! Y

Gohl, &c. Mat.

.Grampound

Election.

Flint

Election.

15 G f. o. 11. i (5* — 170 Decembris. 2 9

into their Confi legation, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief ;';c to rl'.e House shall hem most proper.

O'-1 Thar the said Petition be referred to the Con-f;deratio:» of t: e Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the lioide.

A Petition of John Chrifioph Gohl and llai\s Barde-ivicck was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Humphry Howarth and the^ Lord Baltimore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of 'Thomas Hales and Thomas Trefnjis, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Eiedion of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, Daniel Boone, William Banks, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates: That, by the ancient Usage of the said Borough, the Mayor is the Returning Officer thereof: That the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; and John Pomroy, who was then in the Possession of the Office of Mayor, and, as such, presided at the said Eiedion, and took a Poll, executed an Indenture, to which the common Seal of the said Borough was affixed, whereby the Petitioners are returne^, which was tendered to John For/efcue, the High Sheriff of the said County, who refused to accept the same: That James Nance also took upon himself to act as Mayor, and took a Poll at the same time; but behaved very partially in favour of the said Daniel Boone and William Banks, and admitted several Perlpns, who had no Right, to poll for them, and refused several Persons, who had an undoubted Right, to poll, and tendered their Votes, for the Petitioners; and illegally made a Return of the said Daniel Boone and William Banks to the said John Fort efcue, who accepted thereof, though not under the common Seal of the Borough, and transmitted the same to the Clerk of the Crown, as the Return of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IP11 Regis, 1741. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Burgesses of the Shire-Town of Flinty in the County of Flint, and also of several Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rhydlan, Overton, Caerwys, and Caergurley, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the said several Boroughs, was preferred to the House, and read; setting firth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Shi re-Town of Flinty in the County of Flint, Richard Williams Esquire, and Sir George Wynne Baronet, flood Candidates: That many undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and on behalf of, the said Sir George Wynne, in order to procure him to be Vqi. 24.

elected, and returned, a Burgess for the said Shire-Town; by which undue Means, the said Sir George Wynne has procured himself to be returned: That Evan Lloyd Esquire, and Edward Ellis Gentleman, then Bailiffs of the said Shire Town, and to whom the Precept for the said last Eiedion was directed, proceeded in taking the Poll with the utmost Partiality against the said Mr. Williams; rejeding several good Votes duly tendered for him, and admitting others for the said Sir George Wynne, contrary to the last Kesolution of the House of Commons; whereby the Right of Eiedion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Shire-Town of Flint is settled and declared; which Proceedings the Petitioners conceive not only to be to the apparent Wrong of the said Mr. Williams, but themselves and others, who, as Inhabitants of some one of the said several Boroughs, and paying Scotland Lot within the same, have an undoubted Right to a free and legal Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Shire-Town of Flint: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Richard Williams Esquire, complaining of an undue Eiedion and Return for the said several Boroughs.

A Petition of Hugh Rose, of Kilraick, Esquire, was R0fs presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Eleaion. in pursuance of his Majesty’s Writ, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, directed to the Sheriff of the Shire of Ro/s, the Barons and Freeholders of the said Shire met at Tain, the Head-Borough of that Shire, on the 22d of May last, in order to elect a Commissioner to represent them in this present Parliament: That the said Freeholders, having elected David Ross, of Inverckassly, to be Prtefes, and Alexander Ross, Sheriff Clerk of Ross, to be their Clerk, proceeded to examine the Titles of such Persons as had not voted at any former Eiedion, but who claimed the Right of being inrolled, and of voting at that; but the Majority of the said Meeting, in an irregular Manner, rejected and excluded some Persons from the Rolls, who produced sufficient and legal Titles, and thereby deprived them of their Right of voting; and, not with {landing the Objections made by the Petitioner, several Persons were inrolled by the said Meeting, and thereby admitted to vote at that Eiedion, who had no legal Titles, nor the Qualifications necessarily required by Law: That particularly, Charles Ross, of Ballnagown, Esquire, was then admitted to vote, although it was objected by the Petitioner, and well known by many of the Freeholders present, that the said Charles Ross was then under the Age of 21 Years; and therefore, by an express Provision of an Act of Parliament, declared neither capable of eleding, or of being elected, a Member of Parliament: That the said Barons and Freeholders having afterwards proceeded to make choice of a Member to represent them in Parliament, the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of legal and unexceptionable Voters, and was the only Person capable of being chosen, for whom any of the said Freeholders voted; and therefore ought to have been returned by the Clerk of the said Meeting; but, notwithstanding this, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, by the aforesaid and other illegal Practices, the said Charles Ross, of Balnagoivn, has procured himself to be returned, although he was neither elected by the Majority of legal Voters for the said Shire of Ross, nor was capable of being so: And theie-fore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem most proper.

I Ordered,

30

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

East Ketford A Petition of Sir Robert Clifton Baronet, and Knight £ledion. of tjic Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, That John IVkite Esquire, the Petitioner, and William Me I Iifh F. t q uire, flood Candidates at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eafi Retford, in the County of Nottingham: That the said John White and the Petitioner were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but that several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Wm. Mellish, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and the said William Mellish, by Bribes and Menaces, influenced many of the Electors; whereby, and by other illegal and indirect Practices, the said William Mellish hath procured himself to be returned, in Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: That the said William Mellish is not qualified to fit or vote as a Member of this House, not being seised of, or intitled to, such an Estate, at the time of the said Election and Return, clear of all Incumbrances that may affect the fame, as is required by an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor.-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 5th Day of March next.

A Petition of Stephen Soame Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Mellish Esquire, and John White Esquire, Sir Robert Clifton Baronet, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham: That the said John White, or his Agents, in order to influence the Electors to give their Votes for him at the said Election, did openly and notoriously bribe and treat great Numbers of the Electors, and give several large Sums of Money amongst them; by means whereof, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, made use of by the said John White, his Agents and Friends, he the said John White is returned as One of the Burgesses elected for the said Borough, with the said William Mel-lifhy to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner's same into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Sir Robert Clifton Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, complaining ot an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Haver ford- A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-wcftElcdion. unto subscribed, being Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Haverford-weft, paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and *7

1741.

read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and County of Haverford-weft, Sir Erasmus Philipps Baronet, and Hugh Barlow, of Laivrenny, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, flood Candidates; and Thomas Philipps Gentleman, being Sheriff, presided as Returning Officer:

That, by a Resolution of this House, the 4th Day of July, in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, which is the last Determination relating to the Right ot Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

the Proceedings of the Mayor and Common Council of the said Town, in making Burgesses without the Consent of the Commonalty, was determined to be illegal, and contrary to the Rights of the said '1 ’own; and that the Burgesses, so pretended to be made, had not thereby acquired any Right of voting in any future Elections: That the said Hugh Barlow had a great Majority of legal Votes; but the said Sheriff, in Contempt of the said Resolutior, admitted many Persons to vote for the said Sir Erasmus Philipps, who had been admitted Burgesses without the Content of the Commonalty of the said Town; though such Persons were not intitled thereto, either as Apprentices, or the Sons of Freemen; as also several other Persons to vote for him, who had not any Pretence of Right; and, at the same time, rejected many Persons, who had an undoubted Right, and tendered their Votes for the said Hugh Barlow; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, a pretended Majority was procured for the said Sir Erasmus Philipps, who was accordingly returned by the said Sheriff, in manifest Prejudice of the Rights of the said T’own, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Hugh Barlow, of Laivrenny, in the County of Pembroke, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County of Haverford-weft.

A Petition of the Honourable Wm. Stuart Esquire was Ki.kccdtwicbt presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Eleaiou. the 22d Day of May 1741, having been appointed for electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, the Honourable Bazil Hamilton Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of legal and qualified Voters, and ought to have been returned; but that several Persons, who had no Right to vote at that Election, were, in an illegal Manner, admitted to give their Votes for Bazil Hamilton Esquire; and others, who produced legal and sufficient Titles, and offered their Votes for the Petitioner, were unjustly excluded from the Roll of Freeholders; by which, and other illegal Practices, the said Bazil Hamilton has procured himself to be returned, contrary to Right, and to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as the House shall judge most agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Clerk of Cncklad* the Crown to attend with the Return of Burgesses to Eieaiou. serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And

17 0 Decembris.

g Geo. IT. 170 — 180 Decembris. 1

And the said Order being read accordingly?

And the Clerk of the Crown attending with the said Return;

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Gore Esquire; and also the Petition of Welbore Ellis Esquire, several !y complaining of an undue Election and double Return, for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; which were Ye herd ay pre (cured to the House, and read, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

tycstminster The House being informed, That S'ir Joseph Ayloffe, Bridge. Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament;

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 19 November 1740, to 18 November 1741, both inclusive: And also,

Cunt rads made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 19 November 1740, to 18th November 1741, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1740, to 29th September 1741.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State, Contracts, ard Accounts, were read.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Answer to The Lord Sidney Beanclerk reported to the House,

Aooitts for That their Address of Tuesday last. (that his Majesty

Eftur.ates, would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Westminster The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petitiorrof the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Eledionand Return for the said City.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that Somerset-house is within the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, examined also several Witnesses, and produced Evidence as to the Time and Manner of closing the Poll, taken at the said E’edion, and also in order to prove, that several Persons then demanded to vote for Vice-Admiral Vernon, and Charles Edwin Esquire, who were refuted by the Returning Officer.

They also examined a Witness, as to the usual Method of taking and closing the Poll, at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Westminster.

And the House was informed, by one of their Members, formerly a Representative in Parliament for the said City, in what manner the Poll taken at his Election was carried on, and doled.

The Countcl for the Petitioners also examined several Witnessesas to the Application made by Charles Edwin Esquire, to the said Returning Officer, to continue the-Poll, and the Refusal of the said Returning Officer.

Vol. 24.

They also examined several Witnesses, as to the Coming and Behaviour of a Company of armed Soldiers placed within Covent-Garden Church-yard; and continuing there, before, at, and after, the Declaration of the Number of Votes taken at the said Poll, and of the Lord Sundon and Sir Charles Wager being duly elected; and as to the Time and Manner of that Declaration.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matier of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behaifof themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vieneris, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That an Act, made in Preservation the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act P"klick for the Preservation of the publick Roads, in that Part °* S* of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bil) to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Bathurfty the Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Sandy's, Mr. Powney, and Mr. Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to corilider Committee the Laws in being, with respect to the Repair and Pre- on Bands for servation of the publick Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that they do report their lick Roads. Opinion thereupon to the House.

And a Committee was accordingly appointed, of Mr.

CarezVy Mr. Pulteuey, Mr. Sandysy Mr. Carter, Lord Chet-wynd, Sir Miles Stapyltoriy Mr. Powlett, Mr. Walker, Mr.’

Earley Lord G!enorchy, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. West,

Mr. T; *evory Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Pratt, Sir Geo. Oxendon,

Lord Gage, Mr. Whitchcot, Mr. Charltony Mr. Conolly,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gybbony Mr. Wilbraham, Lord Baltimore,

Mr. OJwaldy Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bludworthy Sir John Chester, Sir John Rujkout, Sir Paul Methuen, Sir Wm.

Carezv, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Nathanael Curzotiy Col.

Mordaunty Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mellijhy Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

MiJJing, Sir Hugh Smith Jon, Sir Walter Bagolt, Lord Strange, Mr. Wright, Mr. Manjel, Mr. Wig/ey, Mr.

Prow[e, Mr. Pelham, Sir Henry Liddely Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Strode, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Cottony Mr. Fane, Mr.

Spencer, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Hammond, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Quarendon, Sir James Dashwood, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Francis Dashwoody Mr. Price, Mr. Levejon Goivet-y Sir Cor del Firebrace\ and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Lloyde Esquire, was presented Cardin' to the House, and read; letting forth, That Thomas Elc&on. Pryje Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Ele<5lion of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan: That James Lewes Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, being influenced by the said Thomas Pryje, did behave in a most partial manner, and admit several Persons to vote for him, who had no Right, and reiuled others, who had an undoubted

Right,

J. 1741.

Right, ami tendered their Votes for the Petitioner: And taking upon himself to act as Mayor of the said Town there was a great Mob colieded, and appeared on the Part and Port, did admit several Persons to poll at the said of the said Thomas Pnfe, who greatly abusedand ill-treated Election, for the said Lord Doner ail and Thomas Or by' many of the Petitioner’s Voters, which intimidated and Hunter Esquire, who had no Right to vote; and retufed prevented others from coming to poll for the Petitioner, the Votes of many others, who had a good and Jegal whereby, and by notorious Bribery and Corruption, and Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for the other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, made use of by Petitioners; by which corrupt, indirect, and illegal Prac-the said Thomas Pryfe, and his Agents, he hath procured tices the said Lord Doner ail and Thomas Orby Hunter himlelfto be returned, in manifest Prejudice of rbePeti- Esquire, procured them (elves to be returned Members tioner, and in open Defiance of the Laws for securing the to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- Port, to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petition-ment: And therefore praying the House to take the ers: That the said Lord Donerail hath not a sufficient Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to qua-such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. lify him to be a Member of the House of Commons:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- And therefore praying the House to take their same into sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- as to the House shall seem meet, port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard House. at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday the 20th Day

of January next.

Gloucester A Petition of Benjamin Hyett Esquire, and many others,

Election. Freemen and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, was A Petition of the Bailiff, and several Burgesses of the presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, Borough of Knighton, on behalf of themselves, and of the at the last Election of Members to serve in Parlia- Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Radnor, Knighton, ment, for the said City of Gloucester, and County of the Knucklafs, Kevenleece, and Rhayader, in the County of same City, the Candidates were John Selwyn Esquire, Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; setting Benjamin Bathurst Esquire, and the Petitioner Benjamin forth, That the Right of Election ot a Burgess to serve Hyett: That a great Number of Persons who had no in Parliament for the Borough of Radnor, is, according Right to vote for Members for the said City, did vote to the lad Resolution of this House, in the Burgesses of at the said Election for the said John Selwyn and Benjamin Radnor, Knighton, Knucklafs, Kevenleece, and Rhayader: Bathurst (to wit), many who were maintained by pub- That, before the last Election of a Member to serve in lick Alms, and lived in the Hospitals belonging to the Parliament for the said Borough of Radnor, that is to said City; many who were admitted to the Freedom of say, on Friday the First Day of May last, about Eight the said City after the Teste of the Writ (not having de- of the Clock in the Evening, Thomas Lezvis junior, Esquire, manded it before the said Teste), feme of whom were the then Bailiff of the Borough of Radnor, lent Notice, so admitted on the Two or Three Days preceding the in Writing, to Mr. Ellis Cooper, then Bailiff of the said Election, and others on the Election-Day, and even during Borough of Knighton, purporting, that he intended to the Time of polling; many others illegally admitted to proceed to the Election of a Member to serve in Parlia-the Freedom of the said City, having no Pretence of ment for the said Borough of Radnor, pursuant to a Pre-Right thereto; and many, under a Pretence of Right as cept from the Sheriff of the County of Radnor, to him honorary Freemen; and several Persons who were under directed, on the Thursday following, being the 5th Day the Age of 21 Years: That, notwithstanding these and of May aforesaid: That the Thursday following, being other illegal Practices, and undue Influences, it appeared, the 7th Day of May, and not the 5th Day of May, the upon the doling and calling up of the Poll, by the She- Burgesses of the said Borough of Knighton were at a Loss riffs, that the Petitioner Benjamin Hyett had a consider- to know whether the said Election was to be on the said able Majority of Mr. Bathurst, which the said Sheriffs Thursday following, or on the said 5th Day of May, and then publickly declared; yet, after many illegal, arbitrary, therefore could not attend thereat: That the said Thomas and unjust Proceedings used and carried on, under the Lezvis did proceed to the said Eledionon Tuesday the 5th Pretence of a Scrutiny, the said Benjamin Bathurst was Day of May, at Eight of the Clock in the Morning, and returned, by the said Sheriffs, a Representative, with the not on the said Thursday, mentioned in the said Notice: said John Selwyn, for the City of Gloucester, and County That the Petitioners apprehend such Notice was a Con-of the same City, to the great Prejudice of the Peti- trivance of the said Thomas Lezvis, to prevent the Bur-tioners, and the other legal Eledors of the said City, al- gefies of the said Borough from attending to give their though the Petitioner Benjamin Hyett had in fad a Ma- Votes at the said Election: That suppofing there had been jority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a neither Mistake or Contrivance in such Notice, the Peti-Representative for the said City, and County of the fame: tioners apprehend, and are advised, that Notice on Friday

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Evening, the ill Day of May, of an Election on Tuesday into Consideration, and to grant such Relief and Redress Morning, the 5th Day of the same Month, is not such to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet. Notice as by Law ought to have been given; and that the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Election and Return, made in pursuance of such Notice, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: are irregular and void: And therefore praying such Re-

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- dress in the Premises as to the House shall seem rtfeet. port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-House. sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-Winchelsea A Petition of Edward Hungate Beaghan and Samuel port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Ek&iou. Jeake Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; House. setting forth. That, at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, the Petitioners, and the Right Honourable Arthur Mohun St. Leger, Viscount Donerail, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Thomas Qrby Hunter Esquire, stood Candidates: That the said Lord Donerail and Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, made use of several corrupt, indirect, and illegal Practices, to procure Votes at the said Election; and that John Parnell,

ters,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, which have been sent either to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the Queen of Hungary, or her Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his Ministers, to the Queen of Hungary, or her Mini!-

32 18

Radnor

Election.

Papers relating to Auf-trian Attain.

GOO^l

15 Geo. IL

i8° Decemhris. 33:

tCrs, with the respective Answers thereto, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Ihrerefts of the House of Austria:

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To vnlert ascer the Word <c Representations," and before the Word Declarations," the Word " and, " and leave out the Words " and Letters:"

And to insert, after the Words " Queen of Hungary, 44 or her Ministers," and before the Words with the 4* respective Answers," the Words " and of all Letters which have been lent to his Majesty's Ministers, by the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary, or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the MiriifterS of the Queen of Hungary;"

And also to leave out, after the said Words, tc with 14 the respective Answers," the Word " thereto," and to insert instead thereof the Words to such Memorials, " Representations, Declarations, and Letters."

And the Question being put, That the Word and, " be inserted after the Word " Representations," and before the Word " Declarations The House divided:

The Noes went forth".

237-

227.

'and

T'" for 'l,e rX’:'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words 1 €i Letters," itand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words and of all Letters which have been sent to his Majesty’s 44 Ministers, by the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary, 44 or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary?’ be inserted, as before proposed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word there- to," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative, v And thf Question being put, That the Words to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, vthat he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, and Declarations, which have been lent either to his Majesty or his Ministers, by the Queen of Hungary, or her Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his Ministers, to the Queen of Hungary, or her Ministers; and of all Letters which have been sent to his Majesty’s Ministers, by the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary, or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the Minis-.ters of the Queen of Hungary, with the respective Answers to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations* and Letters, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of the House of Austria, since the Death of the late Emperor.

Fapers rela- A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, ting to Auf- That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that Irian Affairi. j,e graciously pleased to give Directions,.that there may be laid before this House, Cppiesofall Memorials* Representations,. Declarations, and Letters, that have been sent to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the French King, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his Minify ters, to the French King, or his Ministers, with the respective Answers thereto, from the Declaration of War with Spain, relating to the said War, and the Interests of the House of Austria;

The like Amendments being proposed, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to be made to this Question, as had been agreed to be made to the . preceding Question f ..

VOL.24.

And the main Question; so amended, being put£, 4 Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all MemQrials; Representations* and Declarations, that have been sent to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the Frbich King, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his.

Ministers, to the French Kino; 6t his Ministers; and of all Letters which have been (ent to his Majesty’s MiniL ters, by the Ministers of the French King, or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the Ministers of the JFrench King, with the refoective Answers to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, from the Declaration of War with Spain, relating to the said War, and the Interests of the House of Austria.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. Papers reia-That an hiimble Address be presented to his Majesty, that tinito Atif-he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there ltian Affa, rti may be laid before this House. Copies of all Memorials; Representations, Declarations, and Letters, that have been sent to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the King of Prfiffta, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty; or his Ministers;' to the King of Prussia, or his Ministers; with the respective Answers thereto, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of thfe House of Austria, flnee the Death of the late Emperor.

The like Amendments being proposed, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to be made to this Question, as had been agreed to be made to the first preceding Question:

And the main Question, so amended, being then pro^ posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions; that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, and Declarations, which have been sent either to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the King of Prussia, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty or his Ministers, to the King of Prussia, or his Ministers^ and of all Letters which have been sent to his Majesty’s Ministers, by the Ministers of the King of Fruffia, or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the Ministers of the King of Prussia, with the respective Answers to such Memorials;

Represen tat ions, Declarations, and Letters* relating to the State of the War in the Empire* and the Support and Interests of the House of Austria* since the Death of the late Emperor:

And the previous Question being put; That that Question be now put:

The House divided t The Noes went forth

rThe Lord Mayor of Lon-\

Tellers for the Yeas*' doH, v loS,

(Mr. Sandyst )

; So it passed in the Negative*

Ordered, That the Addresses, this Day resolved to Be presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Councih

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several filcftion; Burgeftcs and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of f

Westminster, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves* and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City;

A Motion was made* and the Question being ptit,

That the forthCS* Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be further adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

-1*

K. Tellers

toffly.

Committee

of

Pmiiegtt,

Mitchell

Election.

Wotton-

Bate

Ekdion.

34

18° — 5u ° Decembris.

A. 1741

T<*» '«

So it was resolved la the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

RefotveJ, That (his House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House, to considerof the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock*

Luna, 21* die Decembris 1

Anno 15* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

P It A Y K&Si

A PETITION of William Newland and Jones Raymond Esquires, «r*£ presented to the House, and road; felting forth* That at the EteftfoA of Member to serve in schis prefettt Parliament for the Borough of Mit-ckeli, otherwise St. Michael, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and also> Edward Clive and John Otd

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ard thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of Wci-lon-RaJJet, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and many other Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return of the said John Harvy Thurjby.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Ntjbet, Deacon-Con veener of the sevenil Incorporations of Crafts or Trades in the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the 16th Day of May 1741 Years, being appointed for the Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, the Petitioner, being duly qualified according to Law, declared himself a Candidate: That the Magistrates and Council of the said City, who are by Law intitled to take the Votes, and return the Represen tat ives thereof, in an illegal and arbitrary manner refused to accept the Votes of several Persons for the Petitioner, who were by Law intitled to vote at that Election; and admitted several others for Archibald Stewart Esquire, another Candidate, who had no Right to vote; but, notwithstanding their irregular and unwarrantable Proceedings, the Petitioner

Esqurres, weroCartdidatesvaAd William Andrezvs, Deputy Portreeve s William Seamen Esquire, the Portreeve, prefixed at the said Election, asRetuttiing-Officer: That the was duly elected, by a Majority of legal and unexxep-Petitioners were elected by a Majority of legal Voters, tionable Voters, and ought to have been returned to this

and ought to have been returned; but that the said William Andrews behaved in a very partial and arbitrary manner* irr favour of the said Edward Clive and John Ord\ by admitting several Persons to vote for the said Edward CUve and John Ord, who had no Right, and ref using the Vote of several! Ferforts who had an undoubted Right to poH, and‘offered<their Votesfbr the Petitioners; whereby, atidl by other illegal and unwarrantable Ptaftices, the said Edward CdiveeM&JoknQrdhwo procured-themselves to be «tomed;*iir>manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and In,open Violation-of the LaiWs for securing the Freedom ofeBUedibns^of Members to- serve in Parliament: And therefore- praying tire House to take the Premises into Confidfcration* and to give the Petitioned such Relief tirereih^ae^to tlmH^use-so^l seem most meet-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corv-fidfcration of tte offPrivileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter’ thereof; and report the farfte, with their Opinion thereupon,1 to the House.

A Petition of Nicholas Robiufon Esquire; was presented to the House, and1 read* setting forth, Thar, at the Electioa^ffutgeflfes to serve in this present Parliament for the Bpvou^Wcs{^f^ton*Ba^et\ in the County of Wilts, Robert Neal Esquire, JohmHaroy Til^y Esquirej and the Petitioner, were Candidates,: That the Mayor of the ftidtBoKtagh is the Rfctuming-Officer thereof; and that the Neal and the^Petitioner wefe duly elected,

byradMajorky ofi ltgah Votes? ,a*d the Petitioner ought to have been returned, with the(asd'Robert Neal, but that John MapJon senior, who took upon himself to act as MsyOr of ♦theiaid Borough* (through he bad no Right so to, do), -beingv influenced -by the fcidjdhn Harvy^Thur/b), and his Agents, did beha^dna very partial and arbitrary manner* in ifevour. of tire Taid' John' HarVy Thtirjby, and d(d admk fevei^EPcifofts, whahad no Right, to poll fdr him?,opd refused others,!who-bad an undoubted Right, and tendered>tWiriVotes-for the Petitioner; Whereby, and by corruj^ogfand^ menacing many of-the Eteftors, and byottordllegal andainwarfaiitable Practices, the said Jqhn Hawftfhvijbyhatfr pmcuredhimself to be returned, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-t!on,i and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ebnbiiffctt

Election.

present Parliament; yet, the said Magistrates and Council pretending, that Archibald Stewart Esquire was then elected, although lie is not capable of being chosen to represent that City, in this Parliament, have ordered their Clerk’ to return the said Archibald Stewart, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who is thus deprived of his Right of fitting and voting in this House: And therefore praying thd House to take the Premises into their Con side ration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem proper: And also,

A Petition of the Dedcon and Corporation of Baxters, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deacons and united Incorporations of Malons and Wrights, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A’Petition of the Incorporation of Skinners, within the City of Edinburgh, and Incorporation of Furriers, there united: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and Incorporation of Fiedlers, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and Incorporation of Bonnet-makers, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and Incorporation of Surgeon-Apothecaries, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and Incorporation of Gold-smiths, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and Incorporation of Ham-mer-m<iri, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition oft he Deacon and Incorporation of Taylors, within the City of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Deaconand Incorporation of Shoemakers, within the City of Edinburgh

Were severally prfefented to the House, and read; setting/forth. That, the 16th Day of May last, being appointed ioi the Election of a Citizen to serve in this pfefent Parliament, for the City of Edinburghfs Archibald' StewWt Esquire, Merchant, and Alex* ander Nijbelt Esquire, Deacon* Con veener of the Trades of the said City, and one of the Body of the Crafbniert or Trades thereof, appeared as Candidates: That, before the Union of the Two Kingdoms of Englandind'Scotland, by the Laws relating to the Election of Representarives for the said City, uniformly observed, without Interruption, for above a Hundred Years, the Efeftor* wets pbligedjalway*

to

t § Geo. II.

to chuse One of the Body of Craftsmen*, or Trades, to serve for the said City in the Parliament of Scotland: That, by the Articles of Union, the City of Edinburgh was declared to have a Right of fending One Member to the Parliament of Great Britain; but the former Limitations upon the Electors of the said City, concerning the Person to be elected, were neither invalidated nor taken away by the said Articles of Union, or by any other Act of Parliament: That, according to this established Regulation, no Person was capable of being elected Representative for the said City in this present Parliament, except he was, at the time of Election, of the Body of the Craftsmen or Trades: and Alexander Nijbett Esquire, Deacon Conveener of the Trades, who was the only Person capable of being elected, for whom any of the Electors of the said City voted, was regularly elected, and ought to have been returned: Nevertheless, the Magistrates and Council of the said City, who are the Persons by Law inti tied to take the Votes for, and to return, a Member for the said City, in open Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Craftsmen, or Trades, and in an arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Manner, in order to procure One, of their own Body only, to be elected, difre-garded the Votes of several Persons for the said Mr. Nifbett at the said Election, who had good Right to vote, and admitted several others to vote for the said Mr. Stewart, who had no Right so to do; and ordered their Clerk to return the said Archibald Stewart Esquire, a Member, and not One of the Body of Craftsmen and Trades, as aforesaid, as duly elected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall be thought most agreeable to Justice, and to the Circumstances of their Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, wich their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

35

And the Counsel For the Petitioners summed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove what Insults were offered to the Sitting Members, and others, who accompanied them in their Procession to the Place of Polling, by a Mob who appeared in favour of Vice-Admiral Version and Charles Edwin Esquire; and in what Manner the Sitting-Members were insulted by such Mob on the First and Second Day of the Poll; and also in what Manner the Voters for the Sitting-Members were, on those Days, obstructed in their polling for the Sitting-Members by the said Mob $ and what Affronts and Injuries several Voters for the Sitting-Members then received; from that Mob:

They also examined several Witnesses, as to the Misbehaviour of several of the Constables attending the said Election, in order to prove the Necessity of hiring a Number of Persons to preserve the Peace, and to keep the Avenues to the Place of Polling open to all the Voters; and as to the Directions given to the Persons so hired for that Purpose, and the Behaviour of those Persons:

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the further hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and several other Burgqfles and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty* complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 2° die Decembrist

Anno 150 Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1^41.

21b — iD.

Southwark A Petition of Joseph Chitty Esquire, was presented to , F.lc{tion. the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last general Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, the Petitioner, Thomas Inwin Esquire, and Ralph Thrale Esquire, Rood Candidates: That, at the time of such; Elation, the said Ralph "Thrale was not qualified according to Law, to fit and vote in the House of Commons, as a Member of the said Borough; and therefore the said Election and Return of the said Ralph Thrale is . void: That, notwithstanding the Premises aforesaid, tb,e . laid Ralph Thrale is returned, in Prejudice t,o the Petitioner'; who, with, the said Thomas Inwin, was duly , elected as a Representative for the said Borough; and . therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Ralph Thrale: And therefore praying; the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges, and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-,

port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the

House.

1 ....

' The Order of the Day being read;

temmfter The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the

toon. Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election'«and Return for the said City.

And the Counsel were called in \

Prayers.

SI R Humphry HoWarth prefehted to the House (ac- Gohl’s*&c.

cording to Order) a Bill for naturalizing John Chris- Nit. toph Gohl and Hans Bardewieck: And the same Was received, and read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second cim£.

A Petition of Alexander Popham, of Lufcombe, in the t Pdpham’s County of Devon, Esquire, was presented to the House, Name; and read; letting fort;h, That Richard Lufcombe, late of>

Lufcombe, in the said County of Devon, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 15tit.

Day of January 1739, did devise several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying in the Parish of Rat-tery, in the said County, for the Benefit of the Petitioner,. and the Heirs Males of his Body, with several Remainders over, for want of such Heirs Males 1 and also did, by his said last Will and Testament, direct and appoint^ that, within Three Years next after the Petitioner* or the* said Persons In Remainder, Should come into Possessioit of the said devised Premisses, or any Part thereof; Ifoor they should get or procure his or their Surname or Names to be altered and changed to his Name of Lufcombe j which the Petitioner apprehends cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill be brought in to enable the Petitioner* and the several other Persons. id Remainder, by virtue of the said Will, to take upon them and uferthe Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the said Tef-tator..... . , «»

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, tac* cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr*

Carcw and Mr. Prowse, do prepare, and bring in* the

Ordered

3$ 12° Decembris* A: 174*-

Dr. W* Ordered,. That the Reverend Dr. Wm. Stukeley be de-

Stukfiev finKj to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, ttoto3Jan°fl Westminster, upon Saturday, the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. Vyner and Mr. Whithcot do acquaint him therewith.

Bndpost A Petition of those whose Names are theretmto (ub-Ele&ao. scribed, in behalf of themselves and many others, Inha* bitants in, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, William Bowles Esquire, George Richards Esquire, and Solomon Ashley Esquire, flood Candidates: That several Persons were admitted to poll at the said Election, who had no Right so to do, and others were refused to Poll, who ought to have been admitted: That the said William Bowles, by divers arbitrary and unwarrantable Practices, procured himself to be returned as Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Injury of the Petitioners, and the Rights of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with there Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Majority of legal Voices in favour of the Petitioners, did admit several illegal Votes for the said John Sabine ancf Christopher Tower; and thereby, and by other illegal Practices, made a pretended Majority for the said John Sabine and Christopher Tower; and did mostunjuftly and illegally take upon himself to return the said John Sabine and Christopher Tower, as duly elected Members for the said Borough, in Derogation of the undoubted Rights of the Eledors of the said Borough, and to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Redress therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with' their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Lids with respect to the Contro- Dtrnb'gh verted Election for the County of Denbigh, now depend* ElcQioa. ing before this House, be, in pursuance of the Resolution of this House, made on Tuesday the 8th Day of this instant December, delivered by this Day Three Weeks.

A motion was made, and the Question being put. Call of the That the HouL* be called over upon Monday the 18th House. Day of January next;

It passed in the Negative.

Cricklade

EJedien.

Boffiney

Election.

A Petition of several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves and several others, Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was on Tuesday the jth Day of May last, when Sir- Thomas Read, t Charles Gore Esquire, and Welbore Ellis Esquire, flood as Candidates at the said Election; when a Poll being proceeded upon, a Majority of legal Votes gave their Voices for Sir Thomas Read and Charles Gore Esquire; notwithstanding which, John Williams Gent, as Returning Officer of the said Borough, most unjustly and illegally took upon himself to close the Poll before all the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, intitled to vote, had given their Votes at the said Election, and, contrary to Law and Justice, made a Return of all the Three Candidates; whereby the Petitioners are in Danger of being represented in Parliament by an improper Person, to the great Damage of themselves, and of the whole Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the said double Return, and of the Petition of Charles Gore Esquire, and of the Petition of Welbore EHis Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

A Petition of Thomas Fofter and Richard Liddell, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boffiney and Tre-vena, in Tentagell, in the County of Cornwall, John Sabine, Christophe)' Tower, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates: That the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes: That John Robins, who presided at the said Election, without Regard to such

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Friday Ditto, the 2 2d Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read;

'I he House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of the several Burgesses and Iqha- Election, bitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the fitting Members examined a Witness, and procured Evidence, in order to prove, that, for some Days before the final Closing of the Poll, the Numbers each Day for each of the Candidates gradually decreased:

Then they examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that an Agreement was made on the Second Day of the Poll, that such Persons as were Inhabitants within the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster should not be admitted to vote; and that, in consequence of such Agreement, several, who offered to vote for the Sitting-Members, were refused, as well as several who offered to vote for th* other Candidates:

Then they examined several Witnesses, in order to prove how often, and for what Intervals of Time, the Poll was discontinued the last Day thereof, by reason that no Persons having a Right to Poll, did, at those Intervals, offer their Votes; and also in order to prove in what Manner, and for what Reason, the Poll was closed by the High Bailiff:

And having examined several Witnesses, in order to prove when, and how often, Declarations were made of the High Bailiffs Intention to close the said Poll, and how many Proclamations were made before the same was closed; and by whom, and what was the Purport of those Proclamations, and what Intervals of Time were between each Proclamation so made:

They examined several Witnesses, as to a Number of Persons assembled in the Church-yard of St. Paul, Covent-Garden, near the Vestry-Room of the said Church, after the Poll was finally doled; and as to the Behaviour and Menaces of those Persons:

And having examined a Witness, as to the Occasion of

fending

k6ki

Li:1*

liti

15 Geo. II. 22° — 230

37

fending for Soldiers, and in order to prove by whole Directions they were sent for, and what Orders they received when they came to the said Church-yard:

They examined several Witnesses, in order to prove in what Manner the Lord Sundon was assaulted, and pursued, by a Mob, in his Return to his House from the Vestry-Room of the said Church:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members having referred to a Member of the House, who then accompanied the Lord Sundon in his Coach;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning that Matter:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members having summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply:

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to with* draw.

A Motion was made, hnd the Question being proposed, That the Right Honourable William Lord Sundon in the Kingdom of Ireland is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of WeJ'tminster:

The Lord Sundon was heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Right Honourable William Lord Sundon in the Kingdom of Ireland is duly elected aCitizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster:

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j JJj; a 16.

Tellers so, he Noes.fJ'^f <=*'»; Jaae, So it passed in the Negative,

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster;

Sir Charles Wager was heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster:

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr‘

.1 diets toi the leas, Mr.:

Tellers for the Noes ^r'

1 euers for the Noes,> Mr. p-/L

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That tile late Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Westminster was a void Elec-

H )

J

220.

tion.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jj 12°°.

Tellers for the Noes, S^Wrtkyn lVy»\6-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That a Body of armed Soldiers, headed by Officers, did, on Friday the Sth Day of May last, come in a military Manner, and take Possession of the Church-yard of St. Paul, Covent-Garden, near the Place where the Poll for the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster was taken, before the said Election was ended.

Refohed\ That the Pre fence of a regular Body of armed Soldiers, at an Election of Members to serve in Parliament, is an high Infringement of the Liberties of the Subject, a manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and an open Defiance of the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Blackerby Esquire do attend this House upon Friday the 22d Day of January next.

Ordered, That George Howard Esquire do attend this House upon Friday the said 22d Day of January.

Ordered, That Thomas Lediard Esquire do attend.this House upon Friday the said 22d Day of January.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Wednesday Morning Half an Hour after Four of the Clock, adjourned till Nine of the Clock, the same Morning. .: . / *_ . '

Mercurii* 230 die Decembrist T;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741,

Prayers..... /

THE Right Honourable Thomas Winnington Esquire, being choserj.a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, made his Election to serve for the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester-9 in the Toom of the said Mr. Winnington.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of James Butler Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made,.and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn:

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ?FrSmid] 2,*‘

Tellers for the Noes, j ]21?-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. John Lever, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, at the last Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, acted at the said Election in an illegal and arbitrary Manner, in Prejudice of the Rights and Liberties of the Electors of the said City, and in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections.

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Lever be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hcrufe.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn-:

: The House divided :'

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tq the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of the Right Honourable Charles Howard Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Morpeth, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of Edward Harley Esquire, now Earl of Oxford and-Mortimer, called up t'o the House of Peers.;

The Honourable John Wallop Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for tlfo fforotigh of Andover, in the County of Southampton, artd:'also a Burgess for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the feme County, made his Election tofctve:for tl^said Borough of Andover. - . -

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his* Wkttafft to the^Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new1 WritfoWhe

L Electing

Privilege,

Droltwkh: ‘ Writ.

Sussex Writ.

York Writ.

Hereford-

Writ.

Whitchurch

Writ.

Thetford

Writ.

Lymington

Writ.

Westminster

Writ.

Higham Feiters Writ.

EfidtooWxit.

Anstruther-tvefter, Scc. Election.

Berwick

Election.

Debtor*

EetitionB.

Huntingdon

Wilt.

38

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for th.e Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Mr. Wallop.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk,

in the room of the Right Honourable Augustus Fitzroy

Esquire, commonly called Lord Augustus Fitzroy, de-

ceased.

0

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymington. in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Nassau Pawlett Knight of the Bath, commonly called Lord Nassau Pawlett, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of the Right Honourable William Lord Sundon in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight, whose Election for the said City hath been declared void.

The Honourable Henry Finch Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maltoriy in the County of York, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Malt on.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the said Mr. Finch.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malton, in the County of York, in the room of the Right Honourable James Cavendish Esquire, commonly Called Lord James Cavendish, deceated.

1

Ordered, That John Cunning ham, common Clerk of the Burghs of Anstrut her-weft er, Anstruther-easter, and Kilrenny, do atter.d this House upon Tuesday the Second Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Tuesday the 19th Day of January next, with the Return for the Shire of Berwick.

Ordered, That John Sinclair Writer in Edinburgh, do attend this House upon Tuesday the said 19th Day of January.

Ordered, That David Home, of Wedderburne, Sheriff-Depute of the Shire of Berwick,. do attend this House upon Tuesday the said 19th Day of January.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His ^jetty's Gaol for tin? County of Hereford: And alfp,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debit in the Castle of Zork>.in behalf of themselves and the Gaols adjacent;

-/Were severally presented to the House, and read; . r complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief: And the Cud Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Th^).Honourable Wills Hill Esquire, being chosen a Burgef&fc? serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, and also a Bur* gefe for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, made his Election to serve for the said Bo-fQUgb (<xf JWtWivicir:

Ordered, Tha^ Mr* Speaker do iffqje his Warrant to 20

A. 1741*

the Clerk of the Crown, to nvike out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the said Mr. Hill.

The Lord Sydney Beauclerh reported to the House* AnfWr t* That their Addresses of Friday last (That Copies of the Addresstoc several Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Papers. Letters, with the respective Answers thereto, mentioned in the said Addresses, might be laid before this House), had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

George Dodington Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Apulby Writ* serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Apulby, in the County of Westmoreland, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bridgwater.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the borough of Apulby, in the County of West mor eland, in the room of the said Mr. Dodington.

George Lyttelton Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Old Sinun serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oak- Wnt*

hamptoiiy in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Oakhampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Mr. Lyttelton.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Prendergafl Baronet was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Roger Estate*. Ofhaghnaffy, of Gort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was attainted of High Treason, on account of the Rebellion in Ireland, in the Year 1688: That aCommission issued the ill of July 1696, in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, for ascertaining the Title of the Crown to all the real and personal Estate the said Roger Ofhaghnaffy was seized and possessed of at the timeof his Attainder: That the said Inquisition was taken at Galway the 5th of September 1696; and, among other things, it was found. That the said Roger OJhaghnaffy was, on the Eleventh Day of May, in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, outlawed and attainted for High Treason, by him committed against the said King and Queen on the 13th Day of February, in the First Year of their said Majesties Reign; and that, at the time of his Outlawry and Attainder, lie was feiled in Fee of the Lands therein particularly mentioned, in the County of Galway; That, by the said Inquisition, it was further found, That, on the Marriage of the said Roger Ojliaghnaffy with Helen 0 Bryan, the Daughter of Connor Lord Viscount Clare, the several Lands in the said County of Galway, comprised in the Marriage-Settlement, dated the 10th of September 1668, were limited to the Use of the said Roger OJhaghnafjy for Life, and, after his Decease, to the Use of the said Helen for Life, as to Part of the said Lands for her Jointure;

Remainder to the Heirs Male of the Bodies of Roger and Helen; Remainder to the Heirs Male of the Body of Roger j Remainder to Charles Ojloaghnajjy, Second Sou of Sir Dermot Ofhagnafjy, Father of the said Roger, and the Heirs Male of his Body; with divers other Remainders over: That, by the said Inquisition, it was further found, That William Ofhaghnaffy, the Son and Heir of the said Roger, was then living, and in Rebellion against his said late Majesty King William the Third, in France; and that his. said Majesty King William the Third, for

good

2 30 Decem.

b, GOOgk

i5 Geo. II.

good and acceptable Services, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland\ bearing Date the 19th Day of June 1697, granted to the Petitioner's Father, Thomas Prendergajl Esquire; afterwards Sir Thomas Prendergajl Baronet, and his Heirs, the said Lands in the County of Galway, and all other the real Estatein the Kingdom of Ireland\ whereof the said Roger OJhaghnaJfy was seised at the time of the Treason by him committed, or at any time afterwards: That it was thereby declared to be his Majesty’s Royal Intention to grant and transfer to the said Thomas Prendergajl, the Petitioner’s Father, all such Estates, Rights, and Titles, in Law or Equity, Uses, Trulls, idc. of what Nature or Kind soever, in the Premises, as were belonging unto, or veiled in, his Majesty, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, by the Forfeiture or Attainder of the said Roger, or by any other Title, Way, or Means whatsoever: That, by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting ail Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, all the hrish Forfeitures were veiled in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple, to be sold for the Purposes in the said Act: And it was further Enacted, That where any of the Persons aforesaid were seised of an Estate Tail only in the said Honours, Manors, i£c. either in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, that the same should be thereby vested in the said Trustees, and their Heirs, in Fee-simple; to the end that the same should be absolutely fold and disposed of, as aforesaid]: And, by the said Act, it was further Enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to avoid or set aside any Grant or Grants made by his said Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergajl Baronet, the Petitioner’s Father, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland; but that the same shall be thereby ratified and confirmed: That the said Sir Thomas Prendergajl, the Petitioner’s Father, in 1709, was killed at the Battle of Malplaquet, in Flanders, leaving the Petitioner, his only Son and Heir, who hath ever since been in Possession thereof: That, by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for veiling such as remain unfold by the present Trustees in her Majesty, her Heits and Successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; and for the more effectual felling and settling the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several AdsYelating to the Lord Bophin and Sir Edmund Everard; all the Ir 'tjh Forfeitures, then remaining unfold, were veiled in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the several and respective Uses ar\d Purposes intended by the Acts afore-fnid, of and concerning the same, rei’pedively; so to continue subject, nevertheless, to such Orders and Appointments as, by Authority of the Parliament of England, should thenafter be given in that behalf: That William OJhaghnaJJ'y, the Son and Heir of Roger, is Hill living, and now a Major-General in the French Service, and was attainted as well as his Father; and iubmitting to the House, that it was the manifest Intention of the Legislature, by the saving Clause in the said Act of the 1 ith and 12th Years of King William, which ratifies and confirms the said Grant made by his said late Majesty to the Petitioner’s E'ather, and his Heirs, to give the Petitioner as full and absolute Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Trustees would have had in and to the fame, by virtue of the said Act, in case the Grant to the Petitioner’s Father had either not been made, or not been ratified and confirmed, as aforesaid: But left any Doubt should hereafter arile, upon the Death of William OJhaghnaJJ'y without Issue Male, concerning the Construction and Intention of the Act of Resumption, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Clause contained in the Act of Refgmption; whereby the Grant made by his said late Majesty King William the Third to the Petitioner’s Father, and his Heirs, of Vol. 24.

39

all the real Estate of the said Roger OJhaghnaJJ'y was ratified and confirmed; and also to vest in the Petitioner, and his Heirs for ever, all such Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as was by the said Act of nth and 12th Years of the Reign of King William the 3d, veiled, or might or ought to be construed to have been by the said Act*veiled, in the said Trustees; as also all such Right, Title, and Interest* in and to the fame, as was veiled, or may or ought to be construed to have been, by the said Act, of the First Year of her late Majesty Queen. Anne, vetted, in her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to hold and enjoy the same to the Petitioner, and his Heirs for ever, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons deriving by, from, or under them, or as her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; would have held and enjoyed the same by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, in case the Grant to the Petitioner’s Father had either not been made, or hot been ratified and confirmed, as aforesaid,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and, so far as it concerns the Interest of the Crown, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Southwell, and Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday the 18th Supply. Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

QRD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant Dowmon

to, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right Honourable John Verney , Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Carew presented to the House (according to Popham’s Order) a Bill to enable Alexander Popham Esquire, and Name, his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the lad Will and Testament of Richard Lufcombe, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Milborne-House upon Saturday the Twenty-third Day of January Port next, with the Return for the Borough of Milborne-Post> Elc<^on’ in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Edward Hallett Esquire, the present High Sheriff of the County of Somerset, do attend this House upon Saturday the said Twenty-third Day of Ja+ nuary.

The House being informed, That Charles Gore Esquire, Crickladt who is returned in the double Return for the Borough of Election. Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said Borough, desires to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return with Welbore Ellis Esquire, returned also in the said double Return;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Gore be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

The

2 30 — 240 Decembris.

Preservation of Public Roads.

Cricklade

fiction.

Prendergafl’s

Estates.

Winchelsea

Election.

Surplusses.

Totness

Writ.

4 o

The House being thereupon also informed, That Wei-lore Ellis Esquire, who is returned in the said double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the said Election for the said Borough, desires to withdraw his Petition;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ellis be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bedischarged from proceeding upon the Matters of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, to amend the Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, by rafing out the Name of Charles Gore Esquire.

Mr. Batkurst presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Hoads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for explaining a Clause contained in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergafi Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered That' Edmund Hungate Beaghan and Samuel Jeake Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County, of Sussex.

Ordered, That the Order, made the Eighteenth Day of this Instant December, fox hearing the Matter of the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, upon V/'ednesday the Twentieth Day of January next, be di (charged.

And then the House adjourned till Monday the Eighteenth Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce> 18° die Januarii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIth Regis, 1741. Prayers.

OHN Christoph Ghol and Hans Bardewieck took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Surplusses stated tit Lady-day 1741; and also, Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1741.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in

1741.

the room of the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wills Knight of the Bath, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflae his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Argyle, in the room of Charles Campbell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of John Rutherfurd Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath beert made Captain of One of the Independent Companies in his Majesty’s Army.

A Petition of the poor confined Prisoners for Debt in the Sheriff of Cornwall's Ward, or Prison, in Bodmyny with their several Names thereunto annexed, in the behalf of themselves and the rest of their fellow Sufferers in the different Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable Alexander Pophatn Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Gore, Lord Guernsey, Sir Humph. Ho worth. Sir William Carew, Dr. Butler, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Lambe, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Rolle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Leigh Master. Sir Roger Burgoyne, Sir James Grant, Sir John Glynn, Sir Charles Wyndham; and all the Members wfio serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new1 Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinstead, in thef County of Sussex, in the room of the Right Honourable Charles Sackville Esquire, commonly called Earl oi Middlesex, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Head Steward of his Majesty’s Honour of Otford, in the County of Kent.

A Bill for naturalizing Christcph G/icl^nd Hans Barde-wieck, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Humph. Howarth, Mr. Clive, Mr. Torke, Sir John Barrington, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon, $\x James Grant, Mr. Southivell, Lord Gage, Mr. Brero ton, Mr. Plumber, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Wynn, Mr. Pratt, Sir George Oxen den. Sir John Rufloouty Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Boone, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Sir James Dashwood, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Strode, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Powney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of the Queen of Hungary's Letter to the Kiner, 29th December 1740:

And Translation.

Copy of the King’s Letter to the Queen of Hungary, 29th January 1740-1:

And Translation.

Precis of Lord Harringtons Letter to Mr. Robinson. of 27th February, O. S. 1740-1, read by him to the Austrian Ministers:

And Translation.

Copy

2 40 Decembris — 18°

Anryle

Writ.

Roxburgh

Writ.

Debtors

Petition.

Popham’g

Name.

Fait

Grinstead

Writ.

G hops, &e-Nat.

Papers

respcvting

Auitrian

Affairs.

GoO^k

15 Geo. IL

i 8° — 190 Januarii.

Copy of Lord Harrington's Letter to Mr. Robinson, of the 27th February 174C-1, on which Mr. Robinson's Precis is founded.

Copy of the Anftver of the Court of Vienna, delivered to Mr. Robitifon 1741, inclosing the Project of a

Convention:

And Translations;

Copy of Lord Harringtcn's Letter of the T4th March 1740-1; the Contents of which are in Part referred to in the Answer of the Austrian Court to Mr. Robinson, of the

174T- 4

Copy of Count Oftein's Memorial, of Tyth April 1741: And Translation.

Copy of Count Oftein's Memorial, *|th April 1741; And Translation.

Copy of the Paper delivered by Mr. Robinson to Count Sinzendorff 4*-th April 1741:

And Translation.

Copy of the Paper delivered by Count Sinzendorff to Mr. Robinson, at Vienna, !74l:

And Translation.

Translation, communicated by Mr. Robinson to tht Austrian Ministers, of Lord Harrington's Letter to him, of i-J. April 1741:

Copy of the said Letter of -14 April 1741:

"Variations between Lord Harrington's original Letter, dated H April 1741:

And Mr. Robinson's Translation.

Copy of the Confidential Note given by Mr. Robinson the -4 May 1741:

Great Grin) (by

Election.

Denbigh

Election.

And Translation.

Copy of the Answer of the Court of Vienna, 44th May 174L to Lord Harrington's Letter, of ^th April, to Mr Robinson, inclosing,

lxemarks upon the said Letter, and Translations.

Copy of Count Oftein's Letter to Lord Harrington, dated at Bntfels 21st May, N. S. 1741:

And Translation.

Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the Queen of Hungary, dated 2X Hanover June 1741:

And Translation.

Copy of the Paper dictated by Mr. Robinson to the Austrian Ministers, 44th June 1741:

And Translation.

Copy of Lord Harrington's Letter to Mr. Robinson, of the 1741; on which Mr. Robinson s Paper of the

14 June> is in Part founded.

Copy of Lord Harrington's Letter to Mr. Robinson, of the June 1741, on which Mr. Robinson s Paper, of the .44 June, is in Part founded.

Copy of the Answer didtated to Mr. Robinson by the

Austrian Ministers, 1741

And Translation.

Copy of Count Oftien's Note, of duguft 1741, with the Paper inclosed:

And Translations.

Copy of the Answer to Count Oftien's Note:

And Translation.

Copy of the Paper given by Mr. Robinson, towards the End of Aiigift, after his Return from his First Journey to Silesia:

And Translation.

Copy of the Paper given by Mr. Robinson, in the Beginning of September, after his Return from his Second Journey to Silesia:

And Translation.

And Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House a List of the said Papers:

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That William Myddelton Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Vol. 24.

41

Knight of the Shire so serve in Parliament for the said County, do attend this House upon Thursday the 4th Day of February next.

Ordered, That Matthew Boucherett Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Major-General Foliott do attend this A Person House upon Friday Morning next. attend* l°

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Supply. House, to considerof the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ' Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 19* die Jan;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account ot House, An Account of the Number of Seamen employed Seamen, in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1740, to the jift of December 1741, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Account of House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Land Tax Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of there- Arrears, spective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Account of House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon House* House Duty were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the Arrears* respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1742: And also, Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot raised in America, for the Service in the West Indies, for the Year 1742: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1742.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow; viz

U ESTIMATE

Army

Estimates,

4^ i p° Januarii. . ^.1741,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1742.

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 3^5 Days.

s. d.

16,546 *3 4

16,546 *3 4

16,546 *3 4

16.546 *3 4

*0,743 3 4

10,870 18 4

30,982 8 4

30,161 3 4

20,433 18 4

20,433 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,63° 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

19,630 18 4

- 55.835 *7 6

36,220 3 4

36,274 18 4

*5,217 9 2

*5.2*7 9 2

15.217 9 2

*5.2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5.2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,2*7 9 2

*5.217 9 2

*5.217 9 2

*5,2*7 9 2

*5,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

*5,217 9

*5,217 9 2

15.217 9 2

*5.2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

9,9<*6 14 2

30,126 3 9

22,880 *9 2

35,97* 7 I

20,000

T * -

Horse

Dragoons/

First Troop of Guards -

Second ditto -

Third ditto -

Fourth ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards

Second ditto -

Royal Regiment of Guards

Lord Pembroke's Regiment ‘ -

Duke of Montagu's

General Wade's -

Royal Regiment -Major-General Campbell's Lieutenant-General Honeywood's Lord Cadogans -Major-General Cope's -Sir Robert Rich's -Lieutenant General Churchill's vLord Mark Kerr's

0 First Regiment of Guards Second ditto -Third - -

Major-General Howard's Regiment Lieutenant-General Barrell's -Brigadier Cornwallis's -Colonel Duroure's Colonel Pulteney's -Major-General Handafyd's Major-General HarriJ'on's Colonel Purr’s -Brigadier Guize's Colonel Onslow's -

Colonel Howard's Foot - { Colonel Campbell's - -

Major-General Wentworth's -Colonel Blakeney's Colonel HandafycTs Colonel Htijk's -Late Lord James Cavendish's Colonel Fleming's Lord Sempill's -Colonel Graham's Colonel Long's -

Colonel Price's -

Colonel Houghton's Colonel Mordaunt's Colonel Cholmondeley's Colonel De Grangue's -One Battalion of Major-General 5/.

CAz/r's

Numbers.

181

181

181

181

176

*77

427

409

274

274

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

435

¥ v , f Late Lieutenant-General Fielding's Regiment

Invalids* jn(]ependent Companies.

General and i General and Staff Officers Staff Officers, [Garrisons, with Fire and Candle &V. J Contingencies, upon Account

3*3

1.486

1.486 815 815 *15 8*5 8*5 815 815 815 815 815

815

815

8>5

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

815

815

8*5

815

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

815

8*5

5*5

1,808

Total - -

2,461

3,400

27,290

2,323

35>554

TOTAL.

£ s.

189,812 3 4

*57>°47 6 8

539>*oa 6 8 40,032 17 i,

78,852 6 j

£ '>004,9+7 — 10

N. B. Five of the aforesaid Regiments of Foot, and' Five Companies of Invalids, are in the Wet} I amounting to 4582 Men. ’

War-Office, Whitehall, January 19, 1741-2.

Will, Tott%e.

ESTIMATE

15 Geo. II. 19* . 43

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot raised in America, for the Service in the West Indies, for the Year 1742.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiment, for 365 Days. TOTAL

Field and Staff-Officers - 19 £ S. d. 3,66a 3 4

One Company, confiding of One Captain, Two Lieutenants, One Ensign, Four Serjeants, Four Corporals, Two Drummers, and Ninety effectice private Men - -- -- - 104 1,396 a 6

Thirty-One Companies more, of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates, as the Company above-mentioned 3^24 43>279 *7 6

One Company of Grenadiers, confiding of One Captain, Three Lieutenants, Four Serjeants, Four Corporals, Two Drummers, and Ninety effectice private Men ----- 104 *.4i4 7 6

Three Companies of Grenadiers more, of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates, as the Company above-mentioned ----- Total for this Regiment - 312 3>7 63 4.243 6 53.995 '3 4

War-Office, Whitehall, January 19th 1741-2.

Will. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1742.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days. TOTAL.

Colonel Wolfe's Regiment -Colonel Frazer's -Colonel Lozvther*s -Colonel Wynyard's -m, Colonel Cochrane's -Marine*. C Colonel Cotterell'% - - - -Major-General Cornwall's -Late Colonel Hanmer's -Colonel Pawlett's -Colonel Jeffery s' - Contingencies upon Account 1»I55 1»IS5 1>I55 '.'55 '.'55 1 >r55 1.'55 '.'55 '.'55 '>'55 11 >55° ".55° 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 2®,175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20.175 7 6 20I»753 *5 — 4,500

- -

Total - 206,253 '5 —

Stoke

Goldington

Road*.

War-Office, Whitehall, January 19 th 1741-2.

Will. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the House, commonly called the Horseshoe-house, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the other, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the aforesaid Ad, and for repairing the Road from the North Bridge of Newport PagueI, in the said County of Bucks, to the said Horseshoe-house, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the said Acts, several Tolls were granted, continued, and made payable, for the several Terms therein mentioned, for repairing the said Roads, containing in Length about 1'wclve Miles: And that the Trustees, finding the same in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to put and keep the same in Repair; which Money, so borrowed, together with tilt

Vol. 24.

Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, has been duly laid out, and applied, according to the Directions thereby given; and that the Petitioners find the Money, now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, cannot be repaid, nor can all the said Roads, during the subsisting Term, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Acts granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Sir John Rufhout, Dr. Lee, Mr. Vernon, Lord Dupp/in, Earl of Granard, Mr. Bance, Mr. Walker, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Carezv, Col. Bladen, Mr. Wright, Sir Wm. Carezv, Dr. Butler, Mr. Hammond, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Pitt, Mr. P ley dell, Mr. Gy bbon, Sir Philip Musgrave; Mr. Dodington, Mr. Southwell, xMr. Prowfc, Mr. Olmius, Sir J Vat kin Wms. Wynn, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Pi'oby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. G/anville, Sir Ed* ward Turner; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties

V_3 V

Leave of Absence.

Account of Sbijs in

Commission.

Account of Shi os of War.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Berwick

Election.

44

Counties of Northampton, Nottingham, Leicester, Bucks, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber:

And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Vere Bertie have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Ships and Vessels of War have been in Commission from the ift of January 1740, to the Thirty-first of December 1741; distinguishing their Rates, and Number of Men.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay befor this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels of War, distinguishing their Rates, as they flood at Christmas 1741.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1742, beginning from the First of January 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man, per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea-Service.

The First; Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions of the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, and Sir John Sinclair Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election, and double Return, for the Shire of Berwick, and of the Matter of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in;

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Handing Order of the House, made upon the Sixteenth Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And it appearing, from the said double Return (with which the Clerk of the Crown attended according to Order), that the Indenture of Return of the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, was immediately annexed to the Writ;

The Counsel for the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire were first: heard:

And having infilled, that Sir Robert Pringle Baronet, was duly elected Praefes, and James Pringle Clerk to the Meeting of Freeholders for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick, by a Majority of the said Freeholders, called

A. 1741*

over, by the Roll last made up, at the Michaelmas Head--Court; and that the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, was duly returned by the said Clerk.

They offered to call the said James Pringle, to produce the original Poll, taken at the Election of the said Pnefes and Clerk;

Which being objected to by the Counsel, for the Petitioner Sir John Sinclair;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed :o withdraw. The Counsel were again called in:

And the said Poll being produced by the said James Pringle;

The Counsel for the Petitioner Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, examined the said James Pringle, and an--other Witness, as to the said Poll, and to the Proceedings at the Election of the said Prafes and Clerk:

Then the said Poll was brought up, and read:

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir John Sinclair were heard, and produced Evidence, and examined a Witness, in order to prove, that the said Praefes and Clerk were not duly elected, but that Sir John Home Baronet, was duly elected Praefes, and John Sinclair Clerk of the said Meeting:

Then they offered to examine Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted at the Election of the said Praefes and Clerk, and to whose Right of voting at such Election, the said Sir John Sinclair then objected, as not then having sufficient Freeholds to qualify them to vote at the said Election, although their Names were inserted in the Roll last made up, at the Michaelmas Head-Court:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, having objected to the Admission of that Evidence:

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw': Then Part of the Act of Parliament of Scotland, made September the 17th 1681, intituled, Act concerning the Election of Commissioners of Shires, was read:

And the Resolution of the House, of the 1 ith Day of May 1733, upon the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election and Return for the Shire of Peebles (that the Right of Election of a Praxes and Clerk is in such Persons as (land upon the Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head-Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament), was read:

And the Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulating the Election of Members, to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read.

Resolved, That the Counsel be called in, and directed to proceed, according to the Resolution of this House, of the nth of May 1733: Which Resolution is, That the Right of Election of a Praefes and Clerk, is in such Persons as Hand upq%the Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head-Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament.

The Counsel were accordingly called in; and acquainted therewith:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir John Sinclair, were further heard as to the Election of the said Prajfes and Clerk:

And the Counsel for the other Petitioner having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. Resolved, That Sir Robert Pringle, Baronet, was duly elected Pnefes of the Meeting of the Freeholders of the Shire of Berzvicky for electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire.

Resolved, That Mr. James Pringle was duly elected Clerk to the Meeting of the Freeholders of the Shire of Berwick, for electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire.

The Counsel were again called in, and acquainted with the said Resolutions:

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, produced Evidence, in order to prove*

that

19® Januarii.

i 5 Geo. II-

that he was duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire:

And they having proposed to examine a Witness, as to the Behaviour of David Home, of Wedderburn, Sheriff-Depute of the said Shire, when the Return of the said Alexander Hume Campbell. Esquire, was tendered to him: And the 'Petition of the said Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, having been again read:

And the Couniel for the Petitioner Sir John Sinclair, having acquainted the House, that they had no further Instructions, and were not prepared to contest the Merits of the Election for the said Shire:

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, examined several Witnesses, as to the Objections made- by the said David Home, against accepting the Return, tendered to him, of Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire:

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, is duly returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick.

Resolved, That the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off the File, the Indenture of Return, by which Sir John Sint elair is returned a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick:

And the Clerk of the Crown attending, took the same off the File accordingly.

Resolved, That David Home, of Wedderburn, Sheriff-£)epuce for the Shire of Berwick, having accepted, and returned to the Clerk of the Crown, in Chancery, an Indenture of Return of a Commissioner to serve in this

45

present Parliament for the Shire of Berwick, not b.eir.g signed by the proper Clerk, has acted arbitrarily and illegally, in Defiance of the Laws of the Land, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said David Home be, for his said Offence, taken into the CutTody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2C°

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

QRDEREDy That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavijtocke, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right Honourable Sherard Manners Esquire, commonly called Lord Sherard Man-tiers, deceased*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cortnvall9 in the room of Thomas Watts Esquire, deceased.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1742.

And the Title of the said Estimat;: was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abstract thereof is as follows; viz.

19° — 20° jlanuafit.

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1742.

N*

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

*3

>4

*5

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners, for executing the Office of Lord High*) Admiral of Great Britain, foY. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -Superannuated Sea-Officers ----- 8,426 14

Pensions, and other Allowances - - - - -3,166 8

Chatham - -- - 3,507 7

Deptford ----- - 3,082 11

Woolwich - - - -2,5218

Portsmouth - - - - -- 4,298 14

Sheerness - - - *>8134

Plymouth - -.....- 2,510 10

Muster Mailers, and other Officers of the Out-Ports -

Wages to Ships and "VclTcIs in ordinary ——

ViCluals to the Officers, and Men, serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour-Moorings ——

Ordinary Repair of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. Half-Pay to Sea-Officers ——

Yards.!

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1742 -To which may be added,

For defraying the Expence of maintaining in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional^ Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now One thousand poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; as also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said Hulpual, for the Year 1742, Ten thousand Pounds -

d.

35,283 14 1

11,593 2 8

x7>733 16 S

3>728 20,127 10,499 iS*y°3 61,988 12,000

5 6 1 6

16 8

188,756 17 1

10,000 ——

198,756 17 I

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1742, amounts to One hundred Ninety-eight thousand Saven hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny.

Rd. Haddock, Js. A civ or th, Thomas Pearfe>

John Piiillitfon, Geo. Crowle,

J. Fawler, F. Gajhry. N

Vol. 24. N Ordei'ed

Taviftocke

Writ.

Tregeny

Writ.

Navy

Estimate.

46

20° Janu.

A. 1741-

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabic, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Papers Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant f0 Difpmes wfth their Address to his Majesty;

France. Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke

of Newcastle, Compeigne, 1739, inclosing

Affidavit of Stephen Grits, Master of the Ship La Vierge de la dot at, extracted from the French Con-fui’s Register at Cadiz; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, July 27th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 8th 1739.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, July 23d 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, September 5th 1739, inclosing

Copy of a Memorial, presented by the French Am* baffador, August 30th 1739 > anc

Translation.

Copy of the Affidavit of Stephen Gries, Master of La Vierge de Grace de dot at, extrailed from the French Consul’s Register at Cadiz, July 17 th 1739 sand

Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Monsieur Lehen Brig-non, Master of the Ship La Constance, ext raded from the French Coniul’s Register at Cadiz, July 26th 1739; and

Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Jacob Dugttcn, Master of the Ship LeSolide, extracted from the Register of the French Consul at Cadiz, August 4th 1739; and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Monsieur de Cambis, September 7th 1739; and Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset off Cadiz, September 6th 1739, inclosing

Copy of the Declaration of Captain Barnett, of his Majesty's Ship the Dragon, concerning the French Ship visited July 4th 1739-

Copy of a Spanish Letter, received from the French Ship, July 4th 1739; and Translation.

Copy of a Spanish Letter, intercepted, and received from the French Master, July 4th; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the French Consul at Cadiz to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 1739 5 and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the French Consul at Cadiz, August 16th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, October 4th 1739.

Extract of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somesfet at Gibraltar, October 4th 1739*

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, October 25th 1739.

Extract of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Fonlainbleau, November ~ 1739.

Copy of a letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Fontainbleau, November 1739.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar Bay, October 25th 17 39-

Extra# of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Nexee/ilc, Paris, 1739, inclosing

Copy of a Let ter from Earl Waldegrave to Mefiieurs Ainflie, Fontainbleau, November 1739.

Copy of a Letter from MeiTcurs Ainflie to Earl Waldegrave, Bourdeaux, November 1739-

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, December 27th 1739-Extra# of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke

of Newcastle, Paris, December 1739-

Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, January 1739-40, inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Amelot to Earl Waldegrave, 1739 4° > and

Translation.

Copy of a Petition of James Montz, a Merchant of Bayonne, to the French King; and Translation.

Certificate of the Ship St. Jago, belonging to Monsieur MontZy a Merchant at Bayonne; and Translation.

Copy of Captain Liftond's Orders; and Translation.

Copy of a Pass of the Ship St. Jago, to go. to the Canaries; and

Translation.

Copy of the Ship St, Jag*'s Sea-Letters; and Translation.

Copy of the Ship St. Jag*'s Bill of Health; and Translation.

Copy of the Register of the Crew of the Ship S’U Jago; and

Translation.

Contents of the Cargo oi the Ship St. Jago, bound, from Passage to the Canaries; and Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Captain De Lift'onde, Commander of the Ship St. Jago; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, January 22d 1739-40.

Extra# of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, January 1739-40; inclosing Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to Cardinal De Fleury, January -2 1740; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the English Merchants, at Bourdeaux, to Earl Waldegrave, January i~

'740-

Extra# of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar Bay, November 18th 1739; inclosing

Copy of the French ConfuPs Letter to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Cadiz, November 12th 1739, N. S. and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the French Consul, at Cadiz, Somerset, Gibraltar Bay, November 18th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke oi Newcastle, Paris, February 1739-40; inclosing Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to Mont1eur

AmeIet ixllt 1739-4°; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, February 12th 1739-40.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock vto the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon Harbour, March

1739-40; inclosing Copy of the voluntary Confession of the Captain and Scrivan, belonging to the Spanish Prize St. Jago; and

Translation.

Particulars of the Cargo, on board the St. Ja?o Prize; and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Com-

inclefiner

2Vi\

" 174°

missioners of the Admiralty June 26th i 740

Copy of Monsieur BuJJey s Memciul J-~ and

Translation.

An

15 Geo. II. io°

47

An Account of the Seizure of the Ship Dauphin; and

Translation.

Copy of a Report of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Lords Justices, July 2d, 1740; inclosing

Copy of the Advocate-General’s Report upon the same of the Ship Dauphin, July ift 1740;

Extract of a Letter from Lari Waldcgrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Compeigne, July -J-rlN *74°; inclosing

Copy of a Memorial relating to the Ship St. Jago\ and

Translation.

Copy of a Memorial relating to the Ship St. Jago\ and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, AuguJ't 13th, 1740; inclosing i

Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Dtike of Newcastle, Compeigne, August 1740.

Copy of a Memorial relating to the Capture of a Catalan Pink on the Coast of Provence "and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Earl Waldegrave, AuguJ't 18th, 1740; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Nezvcajtle, August nth, 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Master of an English Vessel to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Honfieur, August 4, 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, April 25,-1741; inclosing

Copy of a Memorial -from Mons. De Bujfy, April 44, 1741; and -

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, April 25th,-! 741 inclosing

Copy of Mons. Buffs Memorial; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, May 13, 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Alderman Baker to Mr. Corbet, May 9th, 1741:

Account of the taking a French Tartane, called The St. John Baptist.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Duke of Newcastle, May 22d, 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Nix. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, July 9th, 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Mons. de Biiffy to the Duke of Newcastle, Versailles, July -jA, 174,1; and Translation.

Copy of a Memorial of Mons. de Bujfy, Versailles, July-r^ 1741; and

Translation.

Copy of a Certificate, that the 30,000 Pieces of Eight, taken from Mr. Roth, belongs to a Director of the French India Company; and Translation.

Copy of the Petition of Daniel Frederick Coll, &c.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Mr. Thomson, July 20th, 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Report from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Lords Justices, July 13, 1741; inclosing Extract: of a Letter from Lord Forrcfter, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Bid fjord, Madeira, May 6th, 1741.

.Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to Mr. Couraud, Paris, Aug. ^4- 1741*

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Mr. Thompson, August 13th, 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, August 12th, 1741; inclosing Copy of a Letter from an English Merchant at Rochelle, dated Aug. 5th, 1741. y

Extrad of a Letter from Mr. ThomjJon to Mr. Couraud, Paris, August -54, 1741; incioiing

Copy of a Memorial relating to the Capture of the Dame Elizabeth, a Ship laden with Masts: and Translation.

-Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Mr. Thompson, September 17, 1741; inclosing

Copy of the Petition of John Bell, &c.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to Mr. Cou-raud, Paris 1741

Odoktr 7ti) > "

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to Mr. Couraud, Paris, October 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Memorial presented to Monsieur Amelot, for the Restitution of the Ship Durham, and its Cargo; and

\; Translation.

Copy of Monsieur De Bujfey's Memorial, December

4rft > y ^nd

Translation; inclosing Copy of the State of several French Ships taken together with their Ladings; of several from which their whole Ladings have been taken j and of others from which some Goods and Passengers have been taken or detained, and damaged, by the English; and

Translation.

Copy of Monsieur de BuJJey s Memorial, December 44fi> 1741; and

Translation.

Copy of Monsieur de Bujfey's Memorial, December tta> 1741 i and

Translation; inclosing Copy of the Memorial of Messieurs Stephen and JoJepk Galant and Company; and Translation.

And Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rawlinjon Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1742:

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

VOL. 24.

As

Papers respecting Dif* puies with France.

Ordsance

Estimate.

48

20° Janu.

174.1.

A n ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnar.ee, for the Year 1741.

LAND

SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Pay of the Marching Companies of Artillery, Salaries, and incident Charges The Cha-ge of an Acackmy for the inltruclion of the unexpei ienced People belonging to the Military Branch of this Office, by his Majesty *s Warrants, dated 30th April and 18th November 1741 r The Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia and North Britain -The Pay of Engineers lent to Georgia and South Carolina, Bahama Islands, Annapolis, Canso, and St. Johns in Newfoundland, by his M a jetty’s Warrants, 7 th September 1737, 14th February 1739, and Orders of Council, 10th and 2id July 1740 -

Pay of i'uperannuated Officers, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions, and are incapable of serving

46,774

1,000 11 >5 74

1,460

593

s.

2,

5

10

d.

6

5

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications repairing of Store-houses, and tup plying of Stores

\ s

W:

Gibraltar Mahon -Annapolis j \P lucent in

10,000-----

IOjpOO-----

2.obo -

3,000----- r

Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Gunners, Engineers, Artificers, and Hire of Transports, to attend the Train of Artillery on the Expedition in the West Indies, late under Lord Cat heart, to the 31st December 1742 -Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness and Gillingham Fort - - - - . - -

'Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the Fortifications and Barracks at Fort Augustus in the Highlands of Scotland - - - - -

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre - -

EXCEEDING S, for which no Allowance hath been made by

Parliament.

Ordnance and Stores sent for the Defence of the Places under-mentioned, pursuant to several Orders of his Majesty, and the Lords Justices, in Council, dated 24th December, 29th January, 1740,^1x116th July 1741; viz. Lyme Regis, Whitehaven, R\e, Poole, Studland Bay, Brownfea Castle, Whitby, Ai deburg, Loweftoff, and Peakfield ... Arms for Three Regiments of Horse and Seven of Dragoons, the Foot Guards, Seven new and Eight old Marching Regiments of Foot, Four new-raised Regiments of Marines,‘and One additional Company of Grenadiers to Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment, pursuant to the Warrants of his Majesty and the Lords Justices, dated the 27th January 1740, 17th

the 23d April, and 9th July 1741....

The Train of Artillery, with Ammunition, intrenching Tools, and other Necessaries.which attended the Land Forces incamped at Lexden Heath, pursuant to the Lords Justices Warrant, dated 18th *June 1741 Ordnance and Stores lent for re-supplying the Train of Artillery attending the Expedition in the West Indies, late.under Lord Cathcart, pursuant to Lord Justices Warrants, dated 23d July, 18th August, and 10th Sep-timber 1741 - -

Six Months Pay of Officers, Gunners, Engineers, Artificers, and Hire of Transports, to attend the Train of Artillery on the said Expedition, to the 31st December 1741 -

Ordnance, Powder, and Stores, sent to the Island of Minorca, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 4th December 1741 -

Cha\ Wills.

Geo. Gregory. W. R. Earle.

A. Ttfilkinson.

jr. s. d.

61,401 17 11

25,000-----

20,701 9 —

3 >000-----

5.000 -

2.000 — — 10,600 — —

3>895 2 11

j 7,668 7 10 1,605 *9 8

20,495 8 —

10,398 7 6

8,665 3 a

£ s. d

127,703 6 it

82,728 9 1

210,431 16 —

Ordered,

aOhl*S, &c.

Nat.

debtor’s

Petition.

Annoyance of Trade by Spanish Privateer*.

15 Geo. II. 49

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, the Prosecution of their Voyages: And praying iLeiive td to be perused by the Members of the House. assure the House, that they do not complain of such Cap.

tures as are the unavoidable Consequence of a War, but Sir James Grant reported from the Committee*, to of such only as have^cn occasioned by a Want of due whom the Bill for naturalizing John Christoph Gohl and Care for the Protection of Trade; which has, during the Hans Bardewieck, was committed, That the Committee whole War, laboured under an apparent Neglect and Dif-had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foutfd tb£ regard; nor shall they ever be induced, either by their pad same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill Misfortunes or future Apprehensions, so far to forget to the House, without any Amendment: And he de- their Duty to his Majesty and the LegiflaUire, as once to livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. repine or murmur at the present War with Spain, which

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. his Majesty arid these Kingdoms are so necessarily en-

gaged in, and upon the vigorous Prosecution of which,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Ouze Bridge the Interest of the British. Trade, and thfc Freedom of Na-Gaol, in the City of York, was presented to the House, vigation, so evidently depend: And praying the House and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying to take the Premises into their Consideration, that such Relief. Provision may be made for the future Protection of the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as the House

shall think fit; and that the Petitioners may be heard; APetition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of by themselves, or Counsel, thereupon^, the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Trade of these Kingdoms, was presented to the House, sideration of a Committee of the whole House: And and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, with the that the Petitioners be heard, if they think fit, before the utmost Concern, have found themselves under the Necei- said Committee, by themselves or Counsel.

iity of representing to the House, that the Navigation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevep-

and Commerce of these Kingdoms have been continually night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, exposed to the growing Insolence of the Spanish Priva- to consider of the said Petition, teers, from the Commencement of this just and necessary

War: That, during its whole Progness and Continuance, A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port Annoyance notwithstanding the repeated Applications of the suffering of Bideford was presented to the House, and read; repre- Trade by-Merchants for Protection and Redress, their Loiles and fentingto the House the Interruption of their Commerce y^ers! Misfortunes have considerably increased of late, to the and Navigation, by the Spanish Privateers, since the Com-Impoverishing of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, the mencement of 'the War, and the Losses they have fuf-great Detriment of Trade in general, the Diminution of tained during its Continuance, to the Impoverifoment of "his Majesty’s Revenue, and the DiQionourof the Nation: many of his Majesty's Subjodts, and the great Detriment

That upwards of Three hundred Ships and Vessels have of Trade; many of their Ships and Vessels being taken. been already taken (the greatest Part of them in or near (several in or near the British Channel), and parried into the British Channel and Soundings) and carried into St. St. Sebastian; where Numbers of our useful Sailors are Sebastian, and other adjacent:Ports; by *which, Numbers inVprisoned, and cruelly used, and so far void of all Hopes of his Majesty’s most useful Subjects have been reduced to of a Cartel, that the Petitioners believe most of those Want and Imprisonment, or, compelled by inhuman Captures might have been prevented, had Men of War Treatment, and despairing of a Cartel for the Exchange been properly Rationed at first, and done their Duty; of Prisoners, have inlisted in the Service of Spain: That the Want of which has encouraged the Spaniards to in the Petitioners apprehend, that most of these Misfortunes crease the Number of their Privateers: That the ’Peti-might have been prevented, considering the Weakness of tioners Ttade to and from our Colonies in America has. our Enemy at Sea, had a few of his Majesty’s Ships of been exposed to the Enemy, and their Ships taken in War been properly Rationed, and the Commanders kept those Seas^ owing to the Want of a sufficii-nt.Number of strictly to their Duty; a Neglect which appears the more Rationed Ships, and of Care in the Captains of those surpriiing, as there was a Precedent of an Act of Parlia- who were Rationed there: And praying the House to take ment, in 1707, expressly made for those Purposes, inti- the Premises into Consideration; and that such Provision tuled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this may be made for the future Protection of the Trade and Kingdom by Cruizers and Convoys: That, by means of Navigation of these Kingdoms, as to the House shall. this Neglect, and the many valuable Prizes the Spaniards seem meet.

have made, they have been encouraged and enabled to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

fit out such Numbers of Privateers from St. Sebastian, and Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Bilboa, exclusive of other Ports, as to render the Naviga- whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and tion to and from these Kingdoms every Day more and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, more dangerous; and that the present great and unex- and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred, pected Power of the Enemy in the Mediterranean gives

the Petitioners Reason to apprehend, that their Trade is A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Bailiffs, Ditto, become extremely precarious in those Parts: That there Burgesses, Merchants, and Owners of the Ships, of the have been various Neglects and Delays in the Appoint- Town and County of Southampton, in behalf of them-ment and fending out of Convoys; and that, out of those selves and the rest of the Traders of these Kingdoms, was few which have been granted, some of the Commanders presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, have paid so little Regard to the Ships under their Care, during the Course of the present War*with Spain, a fur-that they have deserteuithehi at Sea, and left them as a prising Number of Ships and other Vessels (many of them Prey to the Enemy: And praying Leave further to repre- richly laden), the Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, sent, that the Navigation to and from several of his Ma- have been taken by the Spanish Privateers, and carried in-jesty’s Colonies has often been much exposed to the to St. Sebastian*s, and other Places; whereby the Trade Enemy; and that many Ships have been taken in the and Commerce of thele Nations have been greatly inter-American Seas by their Privareers, principally owing, as rupted, a great Part of the Wealth and Riches of the the Petitioners presume, to a Want of a sufficient Number Kingdom has been exhausted, and that of our Enemies of Ships, or of proper Care in some of his Majesty’s proportionably increased, his Majesty’s Revenues of the Commanders Rationed in those Parts: That many Ships Customs have been considerably lessened (which may per-have been brought into Danger by the arbitrary Impress- haps lay the Foundation of other Taxes), and many Hun-ing of their ablest Hands out of the homeward-bound dreds of British Sailors have been carried into loathsome Ships, before they had made the Land, or arrived to a Prisons; several of whom, as the Petitioners are inform-Placeof Safety; and out of the outward-bound Ships, in ed, have, by Cruelty and Hardships, been compelled to Vol. 24. O ent91

Annoyance of Trade by jSpanish Printers,

5°

ao° Januarii.

A. 174:,

enter into the Spanish Service, and take up Arms against fit out their Ships, and carry on Trade: And further rc-thQir lawful liege Sovereign, and his Subjects, their fellow presenting to the House, That the Petitioners are far

Countrymen, while their Families at home have been reduced to the greatest Want and pistress; and, at the same time, the Spanish Prisoners here have been treated with the utmost Lenity and Humanity; several of whom have been permitted to lie in private Lodgings, and to walk the Streets in publick; or which some have abused the Indulgence shewn them, and made their Escapes: That these Things tend greatly to the encouraging our Enemies, and must naturally check that ancient British Bravery, for which our Soldiers and Sailors have been ever famous, and of which they have given signal Proofs, in every Opportunity, since the Commencement of the present War: That the greatest Part of these Captures have been made in and near the British Channel and Soundings, at a time when' the Naval Force of Great Britain was greater than ever was known; a few Ships whereof might have blasted the Projects of the Adventurers in the said Privateers, and occasioned their being totally ruined, instead of amassing such prodigious Wealth as they have, at the Expence of these Nations: That these Things being of the highest Importance to his Majesty, and his Subjects, and particularly to their Trade and Commerce, the Petitioners humbly hope the same will not be thought unworthy the Enquiry of a British Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and to prepare such Laws as shall be thought most effectual for appointing a sufficient Number of Convoys and Cruizers to be properly stationed, for securing the Ships of these Nations, and to be subject to such Examination and Inspection, as shall best answer the Ends designed; and that the Petitioners, and the Trading Part of these Nations, may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others trading to and from that Port, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Trade of that Port having of late been greatly obstructed, and Navigation discouraged, not only by their Sailors being impressed, and taken out of their outward-bound Ships, even when cleared out and ready to fail, notwithstanding the great Charge and Expence Which the Merchants and Owners have been at in fitting out such Ships, hiring of Seamen, and obtaining Protections for the Security of their Men (whereby their Voyages have been often greatly retarded); but also by their homeward-bound Ships being forced to come to Anchor ih very improper and dangerous Places, and their Sailors impressed, and carried over-board, before their Ships are got into Safety 5 and likewise by the ill Usage of them, when taken Prisoners by the Spanish Privateers (which; through the great Succels they have met with, in taking so many Prizes even in the Entrance and Soundings of the British Channels, and on the Coasts of the British Colonies, are of late become very numerous, for want of a competent Number of small Men of War being properly stationed, which, as the Petitioners conceive, might in a great measure prevent it); and likewise by the Prisoners

from complaining of such Inconveniencies and Losses as must be the unavoidable Consequence of a War so just and necessary, in order to secure the future Freedom of Trade, and the undoubted Rights of Navigation; but apprehend, these Inconveniencies and Losses may be prevented, if the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and their Tenders, were strictly retrained from obliging the homeward-bound Ships to drop Anchor in improper Places, and from stripping them of their Hands, without seeing them first in Safety, and from impressing Sailors out of outward-bound Ships, when ready for Sea, and provided with proper Protections; and that the Ships may be better secured, by having regular Convoys appointed from time to time, with Orders to take care of the Ships under their Charge, and not to desert them when in the greatest Danger of becoming a Prey to the Enemy: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Provision for the future Encouragement and Security of their Trade and Navigation, as shall be thought fit and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, trading from Annoyance the Port of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and of Trade by read; setting forth. That, since the Commencement of Pri*

the just and necessary War against Spain, the Spanish Privateers have already taken Four of their Ships, with their Cargoes; which they can justly remonstrate are a Fifth-part thereof concerned in foreign Trade, and which, together with their Seamen made Captives, and flibjected to long and tedious Imprisonments, has greatly distressed their Trade and Navigation; and that they apprehend, these Calamities are very much owing to the Want of a sufficient Number of Ships of War being properly stationed, which might probably, with the assiduous Care and Vigilance of their Commanders, have prevented a great many Ships (which have had the Misfortune to be taken) from falling into the Enemies Hands; and also might have retaken others: That it is with the greatest Concern they fee the Commerce of these Kingdoms so much interrupted by the many other Instances of Captures of the Ships of his Majesty’s Subjects by the Spanish Privateers; and that so little Care has been taken to flop the Progress of these growing Evils: And therefore praying the House to take the Petition into Consideration, and concert such Measures for the future Preservation of the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts of count of his Majesty’s Ships of War, which have been ShiPs em-employed since the First of January 1740, as Cruizers, Pl°y.cdas for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, on this Cruizers,&c* Side Cape Finisterre, the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereupon, with the Times of

despairing of a Cartel, many of them have been con- their going to Sea, and their returning into Port, when

{trained, rather than starve, and die in loathsome Prisons, to take on in the Spanish Service by Sea or Land; and that, under these Discouragements, great Numbers of our Seamen, who can otherwise support their Families at Home, refuse going to Sea; and few or none are willing to put their Sons out Apprentices to Sea; nor are there any to be got out of the Country, as formerly, to bind themselves Apprentices to serve at Sea; by which means it is become almost impracticable for the Merchants to

such Ships were cleaned, and which of them tallowed, and when, respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Journals of the Commanders of such of his Majesty’s Ships of War as have been employed, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, as Cruizers, for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom,-on this Side Cape Finisterre.

Ordered,

15 Geo. II. ioa — 11° Januarii

Accounts of Ships built, &c.

Admiralty Report on Merchants Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ships of War, built in any of his Majesty’s Yards of this Kingdom, which have been launched since the ioth of July 1739, distinguishing the Times when launched, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Ships of War, built in private Yards, for his Majesty’sService, since the 10th of July 1739, distinguishing the Times when contrafted for, and when launched, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Ships and Vessels, purchased for his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th of July 1739, distinguishing the Times when purchased, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed.

Ordered, That there be said before this House, an Account of the Ships of War, appointed as Convoys to the Trade of this Kingdom, to foreign Parts, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, distinguishing the Ships appointed, and the particular Services, together with the Notices given to the Traders, of the Time prefixed for their failing, and the Times when they failed respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before rhis House, a Copy of the Report of the Commifitoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to his Majesty in Council, upon the Petition of the Merchants, relating to their Losses during the War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by>such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned til Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2i° die Januarii;

Anno 15'* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Matter, Wardens, AssistantS, Annoyance and Commonalty of the Society of Merchant-Ad- of Trr.de by venturers within the City of Bristol, under their Common |f*vateer« Seal, was presented to the Iiouie, and read; representing to the House the present calamitous State of the;r Trade, occasioned by the many and heavy Losses of their Ships, which the Petitioners have sustained from the Privateers of Spain, since the Commencement of the present just and necessary War, and chiefly where Cruizers (it’s apprehended), if properly stationed, might greatly have prevented the fatal Event: That the Spanish Privateers are become so powerful and numerous, by the Success they have met with, that the Trade of the Petitioners is rendered daily more and more precarious; and though Captures are the common Consequences of War, yet a great many may, in future, be prevented by proper Remedies: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration $ and that such Provision may be made for the Security of their Trade and Navigation, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

Persons Ordered, That Mr. Ro'WnJiman, School master on board ordered to his Majesty’s Ship the Duke, do attend the Committee of attend. the wj10je House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms is referred, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That James Martin, Mariner on board the said Ship, do attend the said Committee of the whole House, at the same time.

Public Ac- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for counts of the taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts of Kingdom. the Kingdom; and that Sir John Rushout and Sir John Hinde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 24.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Ditto; Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been considerable Sufferers in their Trade and Navigation, since the Commencement of the War with Spain t That their Misfortunes have been Chiefly owing to the great Numbers of Spanish Privateers that appeared in the Channel and Soundings, soon after the Declaration of War on the Part of Spain, who made Prize of leVeral Vessels belonging to that Port: That the Peti. ioners apprehend, that moll of these Captures might have been prevented, had a few Ships of War been timely stationed to cruize between the Coast of Ireland and UJhant, and a few more between UJhant and Cape Finisterre, and near the Spanish Ports, in the Bay of Biscay: That the Petitioners have also sustained considerable Losses in their Trade to our Colonies in America, occasioned chiefly by the Neglect of the Captains of those few Ships of War stationed there:

That the Petitioners are not a little alarmed, not only at the Increase of the Number and Size of the Privateers lately equipped by the Enemy, but also at the unexpected great Strength the Court of Spain have lately shewn in the Mediterranean, by which our Trade to the Strain mull now become much more precarious than ever: That the Petitioners beg Leave to assure the House, that it is far from their Design to complain of Captures that may be reasonably looked on as unavoidable, much less would they be understood to be influenced by any Uneasiness on Account of the present War, both just in itself, and thought necessary by the Wisdom of the Nation, for the Security of our Commerce, and the Rights and Freedom of our Navigation: And praying the House to rake the Premises into Consideration, and to make speh Provision for the future Protection of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Is^d Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

A Petition

Annoyance of Trade by Spanish Privateers.

Ways and Means.

A Person ordered to attend.

Leave of Absence.

Papers

respecting Convoys,&<

52

21 Januarii. 1741.

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of Glasgow, in behalf of ihemselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the preserving and proteding the Trade and Commerce of his Majesty’s Subjects, is of theutmoftConsequence to the Prosperity of this Island: That, since the Commencement of this just and necessary War with Spain, such numerous Fleets being employed, and the Naval Force of Great Britain so much superior to our Enemies, the Petitioners flattered themselves with Hope of the greatest Care and Attention in guarding and protecting the Persons and Effects of his Majesty’s trading Subjects; and representing to the House, that, for want of a sufficient Number of Men of War, and Cruizers, being properly stationed in the Channels, and on the Coasts of America; and through the Commanders, especially in the latter Parts, not doing their Duty, the Number of Spanish Privateers is greatly multiplied, and, by reason of their Success, likely more and more to increase, whereby our Navigation is rendered most infeciire, our Merchants (tripped of their Properties, our Sailors of their Liberties, an$l by barbarous Usage, and want of a Cartel, forced into the Spanish Service: That a further Hardship the Petitioners labour under, is, the impressing their Seamen on their homeward Voyages, at a considerable Distance from their Ports of Discharge, and putting careless and insufficient Hands on board, in their Place, whereby the Ships*of the Petitioners have been endangered, and their Cargoes considerably damaged: And therefore praying the House to consider the Premises, and give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of theft Kingdoms, is referred.

Mr. Francis Fane according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was Tead; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards 'railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1742, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1742, to the 24th Day of June 1743.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houft.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Chan^lorof the Exchequer, Mr. Earle, Mr. Treby, Mr. Qlutteriyck, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Legge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Wyrriot Owen, Esquire, who was Mayor of the Town of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke, at the last Eie&ion o£a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town, do attend this House upon Saturday the 6th Day of February next.

of all Applications to his Majesty, or to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, for Cruizers or Convoys (together with what has been done thereupon respectively), which have not been already laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Complaints which have been made since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, to his Majesty, to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, against, or relating to, the Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, for leaving the Trade under their Convoy, or the Station in which they were appointed to cruize, or for the Impressing of Seamen out of any outward-bound Ships, after their leaving the Port of Clearance, or any homeward-bound Ships before they arrived at the Port for the delivering of their Cargo, and for any other Misbehaviour or Injury done by them to the Navigation of this Kingdom; and what has been done thereupon respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the Merchant Ships, or other Vessels, belonging to this Kingdom, which the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships have given Instructions to, and have proceeded under their Convoy to ox from foreign Parts, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain-, distinguishing the Names of the Commanders, and of his Majesty’s Ships, and the Voyages, respectively, and whether proceeded die whole Voyage, or only Part of the Voyage.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the Merchant Ships, with the Names of the Matters, that have behaved so negligently as to delay the Convoys from whom they had taken Sailing-Orders, or that have abandoned the fame, or have been any ways disobedient to the Instructions established for good Government, with the Narration of the Facts, since the Commencement of the War with Spain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Reasons given in Writing, by such of the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War as have been appointed since the Commencement of the prefect War with Spain, as Cruizers on this Side Cape Fintfterre, for leaving their Station, or for coming into Port before the Time required by their Orders.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Petitions, Representations, Letters, or other Papers, that have been delivered or transmitted to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded, relating to a Cartel for Exchange of Prisoners with Spain, or the Condition and Usage of such of his Majesty’s Subjects as have been taken Prisoners by the Spaniards, since the Commencement of the present War w.ith Spain-, together with what has been done thereupon.

Ordered, That the several Addresses before-mentioned, to be presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That. Samuel Shepheard Esquire, have Leave to, go into the Country, for the %covery of his Health.

T Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-’* reCKons, that there may be laid before this House, Copies . H

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons; And that Mr. Sandys, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Charles Cholmondeley, and Mr. Philips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion

Papers

respe<sting Convoy s,ic«

Dittft

Ditto*

Ditto*

Paper*

respecting Prisoners taken by the Spaniards.

Limiting Officers in the House of Commons.

15 Geo. IT.

21* — 2 2° Januarii.

M*v - on fer :}< (fr-;i -j.ers to1; Select Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the several Papers presented to this House, on Monday last, and likewise the several Papers presented to this House Yesterday, by Mr. Comptroller, be referred to a felcift Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report to the House what they find material in them: The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers

for the Yens S Sir John for me leas^ Hpme

Tellers for the Noes, Rtr‘

'{Mr. Wilmington i

So it palfed in the Negative.

]ajo.

j*53-

Piper*

respecting

Aultrian

Affairs.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will begraciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, which have been font either to his Majesty, or his Mi-nifters, by the King of Prussia, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty or his Ministers, to the King of Prussia or his Ministers; and likewise of such Letters as have been sent from hence to his Majesty’s Minister at the Court of Pruf Jla, with the respective Answers to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of the House of Aujiria, fmee the Death of the late Emperor.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

aiion. night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock, adjourned till this Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° anuarii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Prayers.

AN ingrdfed Bill for naturalizing John Christoph Gold and Hans Bardewieck, was read the Third

Gobi's, 8cc. Nat.

ipply Bill;

lines i'll alt, &. c.

rrs re-

tiro the Y-

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Christoph Gold and Hans Bardewieck,

Ordered, That Sir James Grant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England \ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1742: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolveca, That the Bill be read a second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will begraciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, the last Returns that have been received of the State of the Forces under the Command of Major-General Wentworth; together with Copies of all Orders given for the reforming, or completing of the said Forces; and Copies of all Orders given for fending any Supply of Forces from these Kingdoms, to him, since the First Day of May last.

VoJL 24.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the Officers belonging to the several Regiments in Gibraltar Minorca, distinguishing which of them are in

either of the said Places, respectively, and which of them (if any) are absent, and how long they have been absent.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a L ftof the Officers belonging to the Establishment of Gibraltar; distinguishing which of them are upon the Place, and which of them (i fany) are absent, and how long they have been absent.

Ordered, that the said Act a re fie s be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

A Petition of the Trufrees, whose Names, are there- Bromsgrore unto subscribed, for repairing ’the Roads leading from Road*. Dudley, through the Market-Town of Hales-Owen, to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, being Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted, and made payable, by the said Act, for repairing all the Roads thereby directed to be amended; and that the Petitioners, finding the Roads for which they were appointed separate Trustees, in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected for repairing the said Roads within their separate District, has been duly laid out and applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Money now due can- ( not, during the subsisting Term, be repaid, and the Roads first above mentioned kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers by the said Act granted (so far as the same refete to the said Roads), be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, so far as the same relate to the said first-mentioned Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Tideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Winning ton, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Sandy s,

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Fox, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Fenwick,

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Grant, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hanbury,

Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Knight, Mr. Watson, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Guertifeij, Mr.

Hooper, Sir Humphry Howarth, Mr. Jewkes, Col.

Ingramy Mr. Hammond, Mr. Boone, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ashby, Sir Wm.

Courtenay, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pelham, Sir Cordell Fire-brace, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Buck, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Port man, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Buller, Sir Hugh Smithson,

Lord Cornbury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and 'Records.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- Call of the ing read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

P Major-

54

2 2° — 2 3° Januarii. 1741

Westminster Major-General F0//0//, attending according to Order, Election. was called in; and examined, and produced a Letter, received by him, on the 8 th Day of May lad, signed with the Names of Nat. Blackerby, George Howard, and T. Lediard \ and also another Letter, received by him the same Day, signed with the same Names, and the Names of Three other Persons:

And then he withdrew.

And several Witnesses having been examined, in order to prove the Hand-Writing of Nathaniel Blackerby^ George Hozvard\ and Thomas Lediardy Esquires:

And being withdrawn;

The said first-mentioned Letter was read:

Then the said Nathaniel Blackerby, George Howard, and Thomas Lediard Esquires, attending according to Order, were called in; and having severally confessed, that . they signed the said Letter, and having expressed their Concern for their Offence therein;

They withdrew.

And the several Resolutions of the House, of the Twenty-Second Day of December last, in relation to the Body of armed Soldiers, headed by Officers, coming on the said Eighth Day of May last, in a military manner, and taking Possession of the Church-yard of Saint Paul, Covent Garderty near the Place where the Poll (for the Eletftion of Citizens to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of fVe/tminster) was taken, before the said Election was ended, being read;

Ordered, That the said Nathaniel Blackerby, George Howard, and Thomas Lediardy having been called in; and, at the Bar of this House, confessed, that they did fend for, and cause to come on Friday the Eighth Day of May last, a Body of armed Soldiers, headed by Officers, in a military manner, who did take Possession of the Church-yard of Saint Pauly Covent Garden, near the Place where the Poll (for the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster) was taken, before the said Eie&ion was ended; and the said Nat ha-niel Blackerby, George Howard, and Thomas Lediardy having acknowleged their Offence therein, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to be brought to the Bar thereof, to be reprimanded, on their Knees, by Mr. Speaker, for the said Offence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply: Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Mcain,. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatty 230 die Januarii;

Anno 15° Georgii II. Regis, 1741.

Westminster Election — Persons reprimanded on their Knees.

Prayers.

AJA T HAN IE L Blacker by yGeorgc Howardy and Thomas Lediard, Esquires, attending according to Order, were brought to the Bar; and, upon their Knees, reprimanded by Mr, Speaker, as the House had directed. The Reprimand was as follows , viz.

Mr. Blacker by, Mr. Howard, M r. Lediard:

You having, at the Bar of this House, Yesterday, confessed, that you did fend for, and cause to come, on Friday the Eighth Day of May last, a Body of armed Soldiers, headed by Officers, in a military manner, who did take Possession of the Church-yard of St. Paul, Covent-Garden, near the Place where the Poll (for the Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City

of Westminster) was taken, before the find Election was ended, and you having acknowledged your Offence therein, the floufe did order you to attend this Morning, to be brought to the Bar, to be reprimanded, on your Knees, by me, for the said Offence:

I cannot better describe to you the Nature of this Offence you have been guilty of, than in the Words of the Resolution this House came to, upon their Examination into that Matter; which aFe:

" That the Presence of a regular Body of armed Soldiers at an Election of Members to serve in Parliament, €t is an high Infringement of the Liberties of the Subject, " a manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and " an open Defiance of the Laws and Constitution of this u Kingdom."

And it is impossible, if you well consider the Terms of this Resolution, but that you mud have in your Breads the deeped Sorrow and Remorse for this rash Act of yours, which, if it had not been animadverted upon, might have given the most dangerous Wound to the Constitution of this free Country, that perhaps it had ever felt: — This Country, free, becausethis House is so; which this House can never be, but from the Freedom of Elections to it; and amidst the too many Ways for violating that, none can be more pernicious, because none more quick, decisive, and permanent, than what you might unhappily have set a Precedent for, and which might have grown to an Extremity, under the specious and ready Pretences of Fears and Necessity, that supersede all Law; a Precedent that would have received an Authority from the Place it began in the Seat of the Government and Legislature of this Kingdom:

Necessity, which is to take Place of Law, must be left to the Circumstances of every particular Cafe; the Ad must be presumed to be wrong, inquired into as such, and excused only by the cleared Proofs, that the Necessity of it was real:

What you have done, is against one of the most essen-tiai Parts of the Law of the Kingdom: Has any real Necessity been shewn for it ? There might be Fears, there might be some Danger, but did you try the Strength of the Law todifpel those Fears, and remove that Danger ? Did you make use of those Powers the Law has inverted you with, as Civil Magistrates, for the Preservation of the publick Peace ? — No- — you deserted all that, and wantonly, I hope inadvertently, resorted to that Force, the most unnatural of all others, in all Respects, to that Cause and Business you were then attending, and for the Freedom of which every Briton ought to be ready almost to suffer any thing — More might be said — but you have acknowleged your Offence, and have asked Pardon for it: This has disposed the House to Lenity: Use it not to lessen the sense of your Crime, but to raise in your Hearts that Sense of Gratitude you owe to the House, for the gentle Treatment you have met with on this Occasion, in Expectation of which you are discharged, paying your Fees.

Ordered, That the said Nathaniel Blackerby, George Howardy and Thomas Lediardy Esquires, be discharged, paying their Fees.

Resolved, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Speaker, for the Speech by him made upon reprimanding the said Nathaniel Blacker by, George Howardy and Thomas Lediard; and that he be desired to print the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1742, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ta a Committee of the whole House.

Refobvcd,

G00glC

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Annoyance of Tratfe by Spanish Privateers.

Account of Bounty paid to British Prisoners in Spain.

Weflroinfler

Election —

A Person in Custody petitions lor hi: Discharge.

15 Geo. II.

23® — 2 5® Januarii.

1Refolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-< ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition and Representation of the Merchants trading in the Port of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend themselves under a Necessity of applying to the House for proper Redress, under the manifold Hardfnips that their Commerce and Navigation have differed from the SpanifJt Privateers, since the Commencement of the War, and that they are yet like to sustain more and greater Miffortunes, to the great Lossof his Majesty’s Subjects, and the Ruin of their Trade: That, since the Commencement of the War, the Petitioners have loft Eighteen of their best capital Ships, some of them richly laden, and of great Consequence to the Spaniards, who have carried them into Si. Sebafiians, and -other adjacent Ports, whereby a great Number of our Mariners are carried into Spanish Prisons, and so inhumanly treated as to put some of them under the hard Necessity of entering into the Spanish Service: That the Petitioners are humbly of Opinion, that most of their Losses might have been prevented had Ships of Force been properly stationed, from the Beginning of the War, and the Commanders kept to the strictest Duty, whereby most of the Privateers from St. Sebajlians, which are daily increasing, would have been disappointed of those Prizes, which unavoidably fell into their Hands (most of them in the Mouth of our Channel); and as our Trade to Newfoundland, and other his Majesty’s Colonies in America, is pretty large, and of great Consequence to the Nation in general, expressing their Hope, that the House will think of some proper Measures for the Security of our Commerce, and the Rights and Freedom of our Navigation: And further representing to the House, That the Petitioners are well feiisfied some Losses will be sustained, and several Captures of our Ships, during the Course of this War, which the Petitioners arc of Opinion his Majesty has, with great Justice, declared against Spain, as abfohately necessary to the Security of our Trade; but such Losses as are unavoidable in the Course of War, the Petitioners arc apprehensive would have been fewer, had such Care been taken as they might reasonably have hoped for, but as yet have been neglected: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision in future for the Protection and Security of our Trade, as to the House shall appear fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, Copies of the Returns which have been received since the Commencement of the present War, from such Persons as are, or have been, impowered to pay his Majesty’s Bounty to the British Subjects, Prisoners in the Ports of Spain, in Europe and Africa; distinguishing the Number of Men paid each Month, and what Ships or Vessels they belonged to, when taken by the Spaniards, respectively.

A Petition of John Lever, High-Bail iff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said John Lever was (by Order of the House, made the t'ld Day of December last) taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms: That the Petitioner is extremely sorry, and most humbly begs Pardon for the Offence he hath been guilty of, and will always take care for the future, not to incur the Dif-pleasure of the House: That the Petitioner is a great Sufferer, in the Trade of a common Brewer, by his Confinement, having no-body in his Absence to manage the fame; and that if he iliould be longer confined in Cuf-

VOL. 24.

tody, it may end in the Ruin of him, his Wife, and Six Children: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Lever be brough t the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of Milborne-the Petition of William Sclater Esquire, one of the pre-tiding Capital Bailiffs of the Borough of Mi!borne-Port', in the County of Somerset; and also of the Petition of Michael Harvey Esquire; and also of the Petition of William Thompjbn Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petitions were read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 8th Day of December 1702, (which was then resolved to be only in the Capital Bailiffs, and their Deputies, in the Commonalty, Stewards, and the Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot) was read.

And the standing Order of the Hoqfeof the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, cr Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence touching the Right of making the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough:

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunasy ? 5* die Januarii i

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

fXOHN Lever, High-Bailiff of the City and Liberty Westminster Jf of Westminster, was, according to Order, brought to Election — the Bar; where he, upon, his Knees, received a Repri-njand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be dif- on his knees, charged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, Merchants* Anroyance Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough, of Trade by Town and Port of Barnstaple, was presented to the Fri~

House, and read; representing to the House the Interruption of their Navigation and Commerce by the Spanish Privateers, since the Commencement of the War, and the Losses that they have sustained during its Continuance, to the Impoverishment of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s Subje&s, and to the great Detriment of our Trade in general (many of our Ships and Vessels having been carried into St. Sebafiian, and other Ports in Spain, where Numbers of our useful Sailors are now imprisoned, and cruelly used, and void of all Hopes of a Cartel); and that the Petitioners believe most of these Captures might have been prevented, had Men of War been properly stationed at first, and done their Duty; the Want of which have encouraged the Spaniards to increase the Number of Privateers: That the Trade of the Petitioners to and from our Colonies in America, having been cxppfed to the Enemy, and their Ships taken in those

Seas,

1

1

Accounts

respcding

Greenwich

Hospital.

Account of Money issued for Navy Services.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, Itc.

50 Janarii.

A. 1741.

Seas, was owing to the Want of a sufficient Number of Station-Ships, and of Care in the Captains of those who were Rationed there: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Confederation, and to make such Provision for the future Protection of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of GreenzvicJi Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, have been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money hath been received by him, on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1741, and how the same hath been applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money hath been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 1740, to 31st of December 1741; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And a Committee was accordingly appointed, of Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Carew, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Br ere ton. Lord Barrington, Lord Quarrendon, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Pratt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Bance, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Calthorpey Mr. Denton, Lord Fermanagh, Mr. Clive, Mr. Grove, Mr. Garth, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hill, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Jolliffe, Dr. Butler, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Martin, Mr. Montague, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Of-baldeston, Mr. Ozven, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Pelham, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Powney, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Stert, Mr. Hay, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Fere, Mr. Witchcote, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. White, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wynne, Sir Hinde Cotton, Earl

Fitzwilliamsy Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Gundry, Sir Grant, Mr. Torke, Mr. Philips, Mr. Levinz, Sir Bushout, Mr.; and all the Gentlemen of the Long

Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after having disposed of the other Orders of the Day, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole shouse, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Michael Harvey Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return, for the Borough of Aiilborne-Port, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That William Thomson Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That William Sclater Esquire, one of the presiding Capital Bailiffs of the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Saturday last, for further Hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining-of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be discharged.

The House being informed, that the Honourable Jtfwrj 1 Carmichael Esquire, who ;.s returned in the double Return for the Diftrifl of Burghs of Peebles, Liniilhgoiv, Lanerk, and Selkirk, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said District of Burghs, deli res to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return with John M'Kye, of Pal-gown, Esquire, returned also in the said double Return.

Ordered, That Mr. Carmichael be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being thereupon ash informed, that John McKye Esquire, who is returned in the said double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the tledion for the said District of Burghs, desires to withdraw his Petition,

Ordered, That Mr. M'Kye be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 14th Day cf December last, for Hearing the Matter of the said Petitions, and of the said double Return, at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, to amend the Return for the District: of Burghs of Peebles, Linlithgow, Lanerk, and Selkirk, by rafing out the Name of the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire.

And he attended accordingly with the said double Return:

And Notice being taken, that some other Parts of the Indenture of the said double Return did also relate to the Return of the said Mr. Carmichael;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crotvn dolikewife rafe out whatever Parts of the said Indenture relate to the Return of the said Mr. Carmichael.

And he amended the said Return accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 174a; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill j and that he was 41

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Represen-tations, Declarations, and Letters, which have been sent either to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the King of Prussia, or his Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his Ministers, to the King of Prussia, or his Ministers, and like-wife of such Letters as have been lent from hence to his Majesty’s Minister at the Court of Prussia, with the respective Answers to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of the House of Avftria, since the Death of the late Emperor), had been presented to his Majesty, and chat his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House s

" That

Mil borne-Port £ lecl ion.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

sebles, 5c c. Eledioti.

Di:to.

Ditto.

Answer to Address for Papers.

VAnswer to Addncfie*.

Address for Papers ttespecting Auftriau Affair*.

fapply.

Ways and JAeani.

Supply Bill; Duties on fclalr, &c.

15 G^o. II. 2 5°-r2<5°

u That the Subject-maUef of this Address being of the greatest Importance, his Majesty, who is always de- {irons of granting the Requells of his faithful Com-4C mons, wilt take it into his most lerious Consideration, 44 and has directed all the Transactions to which it relates, *' to be careiully examined, in order to lee how far the same may be complied with, without Prejudice to the Publick, and conliftently with the Confidence reposed in him by other Princes.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last, and their other Addresses of Lhurfdayh.fi, and their Addreflfes of Friday lad, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had. commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Pire&ions accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That hfc will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, that have been lent to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the States-General, or their Ministers, or by his Majesty’s Mi-Lifters to the States-General, with the respective Answers thereunto; as also Copies of all Letters from either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to his Majesty’s Minister at the Hague, as far as they relate to Conferences with, and Communication to or from, the Assembly of the States-General, with the Answers thereunto, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of the House of Austria, since the Death of the late Emperor.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved,'Thai this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Resolved\ that this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Then the Order made this Day, for the House (after having disposed of the other Orders of the Day) to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and also for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1742, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrutftion to the fai<f Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the 'Deficiency, which shall be on the 25 th Day of March 1742, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1740, to satisfy Principal'and Interest, chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies.granted for the Year 1742.

Then the House resolved itself itxto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frmicis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Yol. 24.

Januarii. 57

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for thcPreferva-tion of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Wyndham, Lord Strange, Mr.^Pratt, Mr. Bankes, Mr* Walpole, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plumer, Lord Gage, Mr. Grenville, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Fox, Col. Onslow, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Legge, Mr. Hume Campbell, Earl Fitz-williams, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Murray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Furtefcue, Mr. Southwell, Sir John St. An bin. Mr. Mckye, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Carew, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Philips, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Harry Waller, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Kent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Calthorpe, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir John Turner, Sir Lifter Holt, Mr. Earle, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Watson, Mr. Martin, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Scot, Mr. Digby, Mr. Lyster, Mr, Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Edwin, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr, Compton, Mr. Bathnrft: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

And then the House adjourned.till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die;

Anno 150 Georgii 2di Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cy- der, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1742; was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him* to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the" House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Carezt feported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Alexander Popham Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had clire&ed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Henry Bathnrft reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Aift, made in the last Seffian-of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Pra-fervation of the publick Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which-they had directed him to report to the

Q House;

Preservation of Public Road*

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

Popham'*

Name.

PrdVrv^tion of Public Roads.

6° Januariu A. 1741.

House j and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed.

Annoyance The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the

City of London attended at the Door;

Privateer*. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council assembled:

And then they withdrew.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 5 setting forth, That, at a Time when a feeble Enemy holds our Naval Power inDerifion, and the Conduct and Distribution of our Ships of War are the Subject of universal Censure, to remain unconcerned and (ilent would ill become the representative Body of this great Metropolis, which so sensibly shares in every publick Misfortune: That the Petitioners therefore beg Leave humbly to represent to the House, that it is with the utmost Grief they have seen the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms so constantly interrupted on our own Coasts, and almost in Sight of our late powerful Naval Armaments, by the Privateers of Spain, to the Ruin of our Trade, the Enriching of the Enemy, and the Disgrace of the British Name: That the Losses hereby sustained, the Manner in which Applications for Redress have been often evaded, and other numerous lnllances of Negligence and Disregard of the commercial Interest of these Kingdoms (whilll a neighbouring Nation is every Day converting these Errors to their own Advantage), have given the Petitioners the most dreadful Apprehensions, left our Trade, the Foundation of our Wealth and Power, and which has formerly enabled us to maintain the Liberties of Europe, should be transferred into the Hands of our potent and dangerous Rival: That the Petitioners cannot but observe with Concern, that those Ships of War, which they might reasonably have expected would have been employed inprotedingourTrade, have not contributed either thereto, or to the Interest or Honour of this Nation , and that the Petitioners have seen a powerful and well provided Fleet remaining inactive in our own Ports, or more ingloriously putting to Sea tvii hout the Appearance of any Enterprize in View, or even the Possibility of meeting an Enemy worthy of its Attention, whilst our trading Vessels have been daily exposed in the British Channel and Soundings, to the Privateers of a Place so inconsiderable as St. Sebastians; and that, notwithstanding these various Subjects of Complaint, the Petitioners beg the House to believe, that they do not hereby intend to signify the lead Desire of a Peace with until his Majesty shall, by a vigorous Prosecution of the War, have obtained from the Enemy an ample Acknowlegement of his People’s just Rights, and the Possession of such a Pledge as may effectually secure the Freedom of Navigation to our iateft Posterity: And therefore intreating the House to take the calamitous State of Trade, occasioned by the Grievances complained of, into their Confederation; and that the House would be pleased to make such a Provision for the future Security of the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

A Person Ordered, That Gabriel Lloyd, of Pettus, do attend this House, upon Thursday the 4th Day of February next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Carlisle The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter

file&ian. of the Petition of Joh Hylton Esquire, complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Petition of John Hylton Esquire, was read:

And the (landing Order of the House, of the 16th Day of January 1735 (for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons), was also read:

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard, and proposed to produce Evidence, in order to prove that the Petitioner was elected by a Majority of legal Votes:

Whereupon the Sitting Member, in his Place (no Counsel appearing for him), acquainted the House, that he was satisfied that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; and that he himself had no Right to fit in this House:

And then he withdrew.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw'.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Carlitfc That John Stanwix Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen, to Ele&ioa.

serve in this present Parliament for the City of in the County of Cumberland;

It passed in the Negative, Nemint

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That John Hylton Esquire, is dulyele&ed a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said City, by rafing out the Name of John Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Hylton Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr Sandys presented to the House, according to u,

Order, a Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Officer Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the the Hnufeof House of Commons: And the same was received and Commons, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Milbome-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the fort Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament EWho*-for the Borough of Mi/borne-Port, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Thomas Medlycolt Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Rtgwljtjom Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- of the Sa tions, that there may be laid before this House, the Re- Service, gulations and Instructions relating to his Majesty’s Service at Sea, established by his Majesty in Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Lift of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- General tions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of Cffcc* it the General Officers, with an Account how many of them 1

are now employed, and paid, and where they are at present, with the Dates of their respective Commissions, as such, and of their First Commissions in the Army.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Lift of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, Second Lieutenants, Cornets, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the BriEftab I Kliment, and

on the Establishments for Gibraltar, Minorca, and the British Plantations in America, with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such , and also the Dates of the First Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant-

Colonels,

id

C

t

1

t

li

J

0

0

li

ti

tc

1

15 Geov II. 16° Januanu;

Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Lift of Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to his Colonels4c. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-'nnfa\my tions, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, Cornets, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the Irish Establishment, with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such j and also the Dates of the First Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Berwick A Petition of David Home, of was pre-

»Person fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the

i fnCustody Petitioner, by Order of the House, made the 19th Day petitions for of this Month, was taken into the Custody of the Ser-discharge. jeant at Arms attending this House: That the Petitioner is extremely sorry for the Offence which he hath been !:>a guilty of, most humbly begs Pardon for the fame, and

in his future Conduct will always take particular Care not to incur the Displeasure of the House: That the Petitioner is already a very great Sufferer, by the Neglect of his private Affairs, and the heavy Expence of a very long Journey; and if he is not telealed from his Confinement, by the Indulgence of the House, may be for ever in-' evitably ruined: And therefore praying the House to take

the Premises into Consideration, and to order the Petitioner to be set at Liberty, and give him such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said David Home be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his i being discharged out of Custody.

h«ti

fat

N

lew.

t

1‘

a

tvi

Accounts of Mr. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing the Ships of War Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-built, 4c. fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Ships of War, built in any of his Majesty’s Yards of this Kingdom, which have been launched since the 10th of July 1739; distinguishing the Times when launched, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed: And also,

An Account of the Ships and Vessels purchased for his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th of July 1739; distinguishing the Times when purchased, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed: And also,

An Account of the Ships of War built in private Yards, for his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th of July 1739; distinguishing the Times when contracted for, and when launched, when first put to Sea, and on what Ser-! vices employed: And also.

An Account of what Ships and Vessels of War have been in Commission from the First of January 1740, to the 31st December 1741 distinguishing their Rates, and Numbers of Men.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to his Majesty in Council, upon the Petition of the Merchants relating to their Lofifes during the War.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Pij*r* Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to Kfptfling the their Address to his Majesty,

of Unloy",1 Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the 4c. Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, November 29th

1739; inclosing

Ext raft of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, O 25th 1739: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Yol. 24.

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty* December 6th

,739: respe&in the

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissionersr of of Convoy",* the Admiralty to the Duke of New December 6th 4c. -1739; inclosing

Copy of a Letter to Mr. Weyland, from one of the Directors of the Caraccas Company, Nevember

1739i

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newc February 8th 1739-40; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of lick and hurt Seamen to Mr. B, January 28th 1739-40:

Extract of a Letter from Captain Bellegatde to his Ovkt, Cartagena, m9‘

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, May 7th 1740 s inclosing

Copy of a Certificate, delivered by Mr. Weyland:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, June 6th 1740; inclosing Extract of a Letter from 5/. Sebajtian, May 31 ft 1740:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl Waldegrave, June 10th 17 40:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Consul

June 24th 1740; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, May

30th 1740; inclosing Copy of a Petition of the Wives of the Masters of

Three English Vessels, taken by a Priva-

teer, and carried into St. Sebajtian:

Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, 1740:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcdftle to Earl Waldegrave, July 10th 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to the Lords Chm* missioners of the Admiralty, July 31st 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, j~~ 1740; inclosing

Lift of the English Ships taken by the Spaniards in -Galicia, since the War j and of the English Prisoners at Corunna:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Lords Justices Secretaries, August 22d 1740 , inclosing Copy of Mrs. Braithzvaite's Memorial:.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, August 27th 1740 j inclosing

Copy of the Memorial of Henry Samuel Eyre Merchant:

Copy of a Letter from Earl Waldegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Compeigne, -2dll°o 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke

of Newcastle, Oporto, September 1740; inclosing

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of . the Admiralty to the Captains and Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships, on the Coast of August 4th 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle Oporto 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon Harbour, August 30th 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Duke of Newcastle'% Secretaries, November 22d 1740; inclosin

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Captain of the Princejfa, at Northampton, November a 2d

1740:

Copy of a Letter from Henry Pampelona,

October 16 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, October JL 1740:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke

v' of

6®

26° Janua

A. 1741.

Papers of Newcastle, Oporto, November -i 1740:

A^nilimeat Extract of a Letter fropi Consul Parker to the Duke of Coovojr#, of Newcastle, Oporto, November ~ 1740; ipclosing

’Copy of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Capr tain-Genera} of Galicia, September -4-1740; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Captain-Geperal of Ga-licia tq Consul Parker, September iL 1740 j and TFanflation.

Copy of a Letter from ConfuJ Parker to the Captain* General of Galicia, 174° > and

Translation.

Cqpy- of a Letter ffqm the Captain-General of Galicia to Consul Parker, Oporto, October 1740;

apd

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Consul Parker to Mr, Stone* Oporto November 1740:

-Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Thompson, December 15th 1740:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, December 18th 1740:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, January 1740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Ntweastle, Paris,1740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, February -4:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke oiNetfuafdf, Oporto, 1740-1; inclosing

Copy of a Letter frptn Consul Parker to the Cap- tain-Geqeral of Galicia, 5 1740; and

Translation.

Cqpypf a Letter from the Captain-General of Galicia taCpnful Parker, December 1740; and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Thojnpfitty Feb. 19th 1740-1:

Extract of a fetter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, March 4- 1 740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon Harbour, February 20th 1740-1; inclosing

Extract of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Orders to Captain Martin, January 24th 1740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke-of Newcastle, Oporto, ? — 1740-1; inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Consul Jackson to Consul Parker, Lisbon, February 4:

Copy of a Letter from Philip Sexton, St. Sebastian, January-3 th 1740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, *1741:

Extract of a Letter fjrorp Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, February ~~ 1740-1 . ipclosing

Lift of English Prisoners at Pampduna and St. Se« bafttan:

Copy of a. Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of NewccftkyOporla, Marche ~~ 1740-1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, April -Al 1741:

Extract of a Letter from Qdnful Parker, to the Du|te of Newcastle, Oporto, March-A 1740-1; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from St. Sebastian to Mr. Jackson at Lisbon, February -X 1740-1: '

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, April ~~ 1,741 , inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Prince Campo Florido. to Mr. Thompson, April ~~ 1741; and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, April 28 th 1741: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, April 28th 1741; inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley to the Duke of Newcastle, Faro, — ^1740-1:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, May 4 1740; inclosing

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock* May 2:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, May 13 th 1741; inclosing

Method proposed for putting in Execution a general Exchange of Prisoners between Great Britain and Spain:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, May 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Slone to Mr. Thompson, June 11th 1741; inclosing

Translation into French, of the Method proposed for a general Exchange of Prisoners between Great Britain and Spain:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, June - — 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Tkompfon to Mr. Slone,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to Mr. Stone* Paris, 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Tkompfon to Mr. Stone*

Pans, JTJTi l7+l:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, July 29 1741:

Copy of a Report of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Lords Justices, August 5th 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Mr. Thompson* August 10 1741:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, July 1741; inclosing Lift of the English Prisoners at Cadiz:

Extract of a Letier from Consul Parker to the Duke of Newcastle, Oporto, August 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Sexton to Mr. Jackson* Si. Sebastian, 2 — 174',

Copy of a Letter from Robert Main, and Company, to Messieurs Gulf ton, Jackson, and Stert, at Lif ben, Cadiz, 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Macarty to Messieurs Omeaghcrj, Saragofa, June 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, August 31 1 741:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, September 14 1741;, inclosing

Copy of a Letter from M, Daccfta to the Duke of;

Newcastle, September 8 1741; inclosing Copy of Letter from M. Daccfta to Don Thomas Geraldino (A):

Copy of the Act of a Notary Publick,<S7. Sebastian*, July 1 1741 (B):

Copy of a Letter from Mr. March to the Duke of Newcastle, May 15 1741; inclosing

Translation of a Certificate of the Discharge of federal English Prisoners at St. Sebastian, that were taken on board the IVimbleton and Stambolecn, upon a Promise that the like Number of Spanish , Prisoners should be releaied, April 17 1741: Copy of the Affidavit of Charles Dick, of London, Merchant, and Thomas her rim an, late Sail-maker qn board the Ship Stamboleen, June 8rh 1741:

Translation

prized

Karl More-ton’s Estate of Orkney, See.

i q Geo.-II. 26° Januarii. i

Translation of a Certificate of the Discharge of several English Prisoners, at 67. Sebastian, April 24 1741:

Copy of a Letter from John Smith to his Father, Bour-, deaux, May 6th 174*, N. S.

Extra6t of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to Mr. Con-randParis, September 1741:

Copy of Captain Crockatt's Memorial, with one from the Prisoners at 5/. Sebastian annexed, September 8 1741: Copy of a Letter from Mr. Courattd to Mr. Thompson, October \ 17 41:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thempfon to Mr. Ccuraud, Paris, Obi obey -- 1741:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompfcn to Mr. Couraud, Paris, October ~ 1741:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, December 1741:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Nezvcastle, Paris, December ~ 1741:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, January 16 1741-2 5 inclosing

Copy of the Petition of Mr. Barrozv, inclosing Copy of the Deposition of Charles Maxe.y:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, January 21 1741-2:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Col. O'Farrell, January 21 174 1-2.

And Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, a List of the said Papers:

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the fiyd Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right Honourable James Earl of Moreton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, upon the 12th Day of February 1707, her late Majesty Queen Anne, with the Advice and Con lent of the Estates of the said"Parliament, in Consideration of the faithful Service of James then Earl of Moreton, and his Ancestorsrand;for other the Confederations therein recited, did dissolve from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the whole Earldom of Orkney, and the Lord ship of Jet-land, with the whole Jurisdictions, Rights, Casualties, and Privileges thereunto belonging (except the Right of Admiralty thereof), thereby refeinding and voiding certain other Acts of the said Parliament of Scotland, whereby the said Earldom and Lordship were annexed to the Crown, and made Part of the Patrimony and Demesnes thereof, to the End that her Majesty might convey and make over the same to the said Earl, and his Heirs; subject never* theless to a Power of Redemption by her said Majesty, and her Royal Successors, on Payment of£. 360,000 Scots, or £. 30,000 Sterling; to be held by the said Earl, and his Heirs, of her Majesty, and her Royal Successors, in Fee-Farm, paying a yearly Rent of £. 6,000 Scotch, or £. 500 Sterling, in the Name of Few-Duty, by half-yearly Payments, till such time as such Redemption should be made, and double the said annual Rent or Few-duty, at the Entry of every Heir, and administring Justice to the Lieges in the several Offices of Jurisdiction thereby granted, the said Earl, his Heirs and Successors, paying also the yearly Sum of £. 1,600 Scotch, to the Ministers of the Gospel jn Orkney, or such other Sums as were or should be modified, by way of Augmentation to the said Ministers, out of the Tythes, by the said Act disponed; which laid yearly Payments were to be in lieu of all other Burden, Exaction, Question, Demand, or Service, which could be any-ways asked or required out of the said Earldom, Lordship, Illes, Lands, Offices, Juriididi ms, and other Tilings in the said Act mentioned, during the Non-redemption of the said Premises/reservingallHaufks belonging to her said Majesty, with the Fa.ulkners Salaries, and Vox* 24,

other Casualties to them belonging, conform to former Custom; and by the said Act all former and other Acts annexing the fiiid Earldom of Orkney, and Lord ship of Zetland, with the Appurtenances to the Crown, were repealed; with a Reservation nevertheless, of the Right and Jurisdiction of Admiralty, which was not to be comprehended therein: That, in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, her laid late Majesty Queen Anne was, by her Royal Charter, bearing Date 18th Day of February, in the same Year 1707, graciously pleated to grant and convey, in Fee, to the said James Earl of Moreton, and his Heirs male, and in Default thereof, to his Heirs general (fub-jed nevertheless to such Right of Redemption in the Crown, as contained in the said recited Act of Parliament), the said Earldom of Orkney, and "Lordship of Zetland, with all and every the Lands, Lordships, Royalties, Offices, Jurisdictions, Duties, Rights, Powers, and Privileges, thereto belonging (redeemable always by her Majesty, and her Royal Successors, upon Payment of the Sums mentioned in the said recited Act, to be holden by the said Earl, and his Heirs, in manner and upon Payment of such yearly Duties as in the said Act expressed); and that by another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, patted upon the Twenty-first Day of March, in the same Year 1707, the said Royal Charter of her Majesty Queen Anne was ratified and confirmed, and the said Earl, and his Heirs, were thereby enfeoffed of the Premises, according to the usual Form: That the annual Rents and Profits arising from the Premises, so comprised in the said Royal Grant, and Acts of Parliament, to the said James, Earl of Moreton, the Petitioner’s Ancestor, after deduding the Few-Duty, thereby made payable to the Crown, and the other Charges and necessary Out-gbings, do not amount, one Year with another, to£. 1,350 Annum; which, supposing the same to be duly and regularly received, would not be sufficient to answer and discharge the legal interestof the said £. 30,000 Sterling; and the said Rents are so ill paid, that there is now in Arrear £. 6,000 Sterling, and upwards, notwithstanding the utmost Care in collecting the same; so that it can never become the Interest of the Crown to redeem the same: That the said Estate and Premises are capable of confiaerable Improve- menrs, by draining and cultivating several Tracts of marlhy and barren Grounds* which now lie wholly useless, and uncultivated; and by building Houses, and setting up Stands, on Convenient Parts of the Sea Coasts, adjacent thereto, for the Purposes of carrying on of a Fishery; and which Undertaking the natural Situation of the Estate, as well as the several Ports, Creeks, and Havens, belonging thereto, seem in a particular manner to invite and call for; and which, being an Undertaking of a publick Nature, mud necessarily, if it succeeds, redound to the Benefit and Advantage of the Kingdom in general.; but as the Accomplishment thereof cannot be effected But at a very great Charge and Expence, and at the Rilque and Hazard of the Petitioner, the Petitioner is discouraged from Undertaking the fame, in regard to the precarious Nature of his present Title to the said Estate and Premises, by reason of the said Right of Redemption, which will at all times (land out against the Petitioner, though the Petitioner hath no Method, in the ordinary Course of Proceedings, to compel such Redemption of the Premises, or the Payment of the saidjf. 30,000. And therefore, and as the Income of the said Estate is not near sufficient todischargeeventhe interestof the said £. 30,00 o, and as what the Petitioner is now applying for will not prejudice ordiminish any Branch of the Royal Revenue, but, on the contrary, tend to increase and enlarge -the fame, if his intended Undertaking be attended wirh Success y praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for diflbiving and disannexing from the Crown,^nd the Patrimony thereof, for ever, the said Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, with all Lands, Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and for veiling the same irredeemable in the Petitioner, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption whatever, iu his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors*

R Mr.

Carlisle

Election.

Berwick

Eletfion — a Person reprimanded on his Knees.

Account of Money issued for Navy

Services.

Dunbar, 4c. Election.

Ditto.

Ditto,

62

2 6° — 170

A. 1741.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit; and also recommends the said Petition to their Consideration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Talbot and Mr. Hume Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Magistrates and Town-Council of D,mbar, *c, the Borough of North Berwick be at Liberty to withdraw Election. their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Magi ft rates and Town-Council of the Borough of Lauder be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return.

Mercurii, 270 die;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Carlisle.

David Home, of Wcdderbuyn, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar, where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, from the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3 id December 1740, to 3 1st December 1741; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

The Hotife being informed, that James Fall Esquire, who is returned in the double Return, for the District of Burghs of Dunbar, North Berwick, Haddington, Lauder, and Jedburgh, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said District of Burghs, desires to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return with Sir Hew Dalrymple Baronet, returned also in the said double Return.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Fall be at Liberty to with, draw his said Petition.

The House being thereupon also informed, that Sir Hew Dalrymple Baronet, who is returned in the said double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said District of Burghs, desires to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the said Sir Hew Dalrymple Baronet, be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being thereupon likewise informed, that the Magistrates and Town-Council of the Borough of Haddington; and also that the Magistrates and Town-Council of the Borough of North Berwick and also that the Magistrates and Town-Council of the Borough of Lauder, who severally petitioned, complaining of the said Election and double Return, desire to withdraw their said Petitions;

Ordered, That the Magistrates and Town-Council of the Borough of Haddington be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, to amend the Return for the District of the Burghs of Dunbar, North Berwick, Haddington, Lauder, and Jedburgh, by taking off the File the Indenture by which the said James Fall Esquire, is returned a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs.

And he attended accordingly, and amended the said Return.

Ditto.

Mr. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Bdok, intituled, " Regulations and Instructions " relating to his Majesty’s Service at Sea, established by " his Majesty in Council."

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Ships of War appointed as Convoys to the Trade of this Kingdom to foreign Parts, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain; distinguishing the Ships appointed, and the particular Services upon which they were so appointed, as Convoys, together with the Notices given to the Traders, of the Time prefixed for their failing, and the Times at which they failed respectively: And also.

An Account of his Majesty’s Ships of War, which have been employed since the ift of January 1740, as Cruizera for the Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, on this. Side Cape Finisterre, the Stations of such Ships, and how long ordered to continue thereupon, with the Times of their going to Sea, and their returning into Port, when such Ships were cleaned, and which of them tallowed, and when, respectively.

And the Titles of the said Book and Accounts w-cre read. .

The said Book and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Book and Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Masters, and Owners of Ships, belonging to the Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners carry on a cori-siderable Trade to America, and other Places, which has been greatly interrupted by Numbers of Spanish Privaw teers, lying in and about the Latitude of Cape Clear, a Head-Land, which all Ships from the West Indies, that intend for the South Channel, endeavour to make in their Return Home, whereby several of the Petitioners, Ships have been taken, and carried into St. Sebastians and other Spanish Ports: That the Petitioners have alro greatly suffered by the Negligence of Men of War, stationed in America, and particularly in Virginia, upon which Coast many Ships have been taken by the Spanish Privateers, and some in Sight of the Man of War, at her Moorings* And that the Petitioners have likewise been great Sufferers by having their Seamen impresstrd in Virginia, by which, fi veral of their Ships have been disabled from returning Home: And therefore praying. That the House will takfc the Premises into Consideration, and that such Provisions may be made for the future Protection of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Regulations of the Sea Service.

Account*

respeCfing

Convoy*.

Annoyance, of Trade by Spanish Privateer*.

Fopham’i

Name.

Application of East India Company for a Convoy.

PrcTulergafi*, L dates.

Preftvutation of Public Roads.

Stoke

'oidington

Roads.

15 Geo. II. 270 Janua 3

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of them fe Ives, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Alexander Popham Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the.Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the lift Will and Te ft ament of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Alexander Ropliam Esquire* and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Court of Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, when they first: applied, since the Commencement of the War with Spain, fora Convoy to go to St. Helena, and, when they failed for St. Helena, and what Number of their Ships came under the Laid Convoy home.

A Bill for explaining a Clause, contained in an. Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the jleigh of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the -forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Irelands and by a Land Tax in England, for the fieveral Purposes therein mentioned, whereby several.Grants, made by his said Majesty, to Sir Thomas Prendcrgaft Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and* Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests1 in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Svuthtvell, Mr. Pelham, Sir Watkin IVms,' Wynn, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Fox,'Mr,: Campbell, Mr. Fa-zakerley, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Geo. SachviUo, Mr- Secretary at War, Mr. Conolly, Mv. SlopeeH'.Mf. Gartlt,'Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Thomas Wynne, Mr. John Wynne, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. FuYhefef Mri Jeffrys,. Mr. Bootle, Mr. Vaughan, \Mr. Nesbitt, ;Goli. Elliott, Mr. War dour, Mr. John'Stanhope, Mr. Page, Sir Henry Li dr del. Sir William Corbett, Sir Wrn Irby, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Thompson of York; Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Townshend, Mr; Butler,. Mr. Ellis, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Perceval, Mr. Chester, Mr. Walter, Mr. Cary, Mr. Yorke, Lord Fere Bear:clerk, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Waller, Lord Qimenden, Mr. Pry ft, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Pratt, Lord Dttpplin,/ Mr. Hammond, Sir John Glynne, General Churchill, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr.

- Cornetvall, Mr Philips, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Chetwynd, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Carew, Mr. Row* ney, Mr. Nugent,* Milffpcnecr; Mr.^fleury Archer, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Baynion Bolt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bathurst: And they: are to nfeet! lifts Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ri

v ;^n ingrcfted;?ill:tQexplain and amend, an Act,"made jfi.the. last;SdIion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for , die Preservation of the pqbliqk in that Part of

.Great Britain, called England, was rquLtbe Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation.of the public^. Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as obliges Persons not travelling for Hire, tq make ,use gf . Waggons with Wheels bound with S.treaks or Tyre of a certain Breadth, or the said Streaks to be fattened with Nails of a certain Size.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire ttieir Concurrence.

Mr*. Compton reported from the bommittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto

Vol. 24.

subscribed, appointed tq put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Hotfefttoe-House, in the Pari lb of Sfoke-Gdlditigton, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton; and the other, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the aforesaid Act, and ’for repairing the Road from the North Bridge in Newport-Pagnel, in the said County of Bucks, to the said Horfftooe-House, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act/ passed in the 8th Year of his late Majesty King George, was read:

Then the Committee proceeded to examine John Davis, Surveyor of the said Roads, who proved the signing of the Petition, and produced to the Committee, a Book of Receipt* and Disbursements of the Tolls, collected for repairing the fame; by which Account it appeared, That the annual Income had fallen lb far short.of the Expence, that the Trustees'Were obliged to borrow considerable Sums, in order to repair the said , Roads y and that there is now owing upwards of Two hundred Pounds upon the Credit of the said Tolls:

Being examined as to the present Condition of the Road, he laid, it was extremely dangerous, and almost impafiable, and cannot be‘amended, and the Money already borrowed, repaid, during the Continuance of the present Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the' other of the Ninth Year of: She Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firsty fqr repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horseshoe-House, in the Parish of StokelGoMng/on, in the County of Bncks, and the Town of Northampton; and the Rogd from the North Bridge of Newport-Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Horseshoe-House .'And that Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville, Sic Edmund Isham, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, the fatne.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Cirencester in Execution an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Heads. -Reign of his late Majesty King the First, intituled,

An Act for repairing"the Roads leading from Cvrencefttr Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted and made payable by the said Act, for the Term therein mentioned, for repairing the said Roads 5 and that the Trustees finding the same in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, has been duly laid out, and applied, according to the Directions thereby given: That the Petitioners find the Money . now due on the'Creditof the said Act, cannot, during the subsisting Term, be repaid, and all the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the future, unless the said Act be made effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said Act granted, in such manner as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Maister, Mr, Bathurst, Mr.

Philips, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mellish, Sir Lyster Holt, Mr.

Campbell, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Vere, Mr. Walker, Mr.

> Bance,

x'

2r]° — 2%° Jatmarii. A. 174 il

Papers

respecting the Army.

Bance, Mr. Packer, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Carew, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Chester, Mr. Ojbal-dejion, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Boone, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Carter, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Grant, Mr. Hammond, Sir Glynn, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Mr. /Vtfpy, Sir Af/fa Stapylton, Mr. Pryfe, Lord Middlesex, Sir 6V0. Oxenden, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. buncombe, Mr. A"Court, Mr. £«// Mr. Baynton Rolt, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Guernsey; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of G/ew-Worcester, #?//;, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the last Return from Major-General Wentworth, of the Eight Regiments under his Command in the West Indies, which came from Europe, and of the Four Battalions of Colonel Gooche's Regiment, which came from America, dated at the Camp on the Island of Cuba, iff November 1741: And also,

A Copy of the Secretary at War’s Letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Leighton, dated 9th 1741: And also,

A Copy of the Secretary at War’s Letter to Lieutenant-General Clayton, dated nth July 1741: And also, A Copy of the Secretary at War’s Letter to Lieutenant-Colonel Leighton, dated 8th August 1741: And alle, A Copy of the Secretary at War’s Letter to Lieutenant-General Clayton, dated 8th August 1741: And also,

A Copy of the Secretary at War’s Letter to Lieutenant-General Clayton, with the Copy of Mr. Couraud's Letter to the Secretary at War, both dated nth August 1741: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major George Leftanquet, dated 2 2d August 1741: And also, Extract of a Letter from the Secretary at War to Major-General Wentworth, dated 26th August 3741: And also,

A Lift of the Officers belonging to the Establishment of Gibraltar; distinguishing which of them are upon the Place, and which of them are absent: And also,

A Lift of the Officers belonging to the several Regiments in Gibraltar and Minorca; distinguishing which of them are in either of the said Places, respectively, and which of them are absent, and how long they have been absent.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

and on what Services employed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Ships and Veflfds purchased for his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th July

1739, distinguishing the Times when purchased, when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Ships of War, built in private Yards, for his Majesty’s Service, since the 10th July 1739, distinguishing the Times when contrafted for, and when launched,.when first put to Sea, and on what Services employed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Ships and Vessels of War have been in Commission from lft January

1740, to 3 itt December 1741, distinguishing their Bates and Numbers of Men, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to his Majesty in Council, upon the Petition of the Merchants, relating to their Losses during the War, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller, by his Majesty’s Command, prefaced to the House, Extract of a Letter from Mr. <Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, December I- 1741.

And the Title of the said Extract was read.

The said Extract is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Extract be referred to the said Committee.

Then {he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had heard one of the Petitioners; and also several Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

: Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fuFther of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the feveiiai other Petitions referred to the Confj derat ion of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Click.

Lift of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Officers on Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-ShaSiwS! tlons> that ^eTe may be laid before this House, a List of the Officers belonging to the Establishment of Minorca; distinguishing which of them are upon the Place, and which of them are absent.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Member* of this House as are of his Majesty’s raoft Honourable Privy-Counci!.

Annoyance The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Privateers to con^er of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, arid of the several other Petitions, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Account of the Ships of War, built in any of his Majesty’s Yards of this Kingdom, which havi been launched since 10th July 1739; distinguishing he Times when launched, when first put to Sea,

Jovif, 2 8° die Januarii;

Anno 1 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Tuesday last had been presented to his Majesty*, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accord-ingly.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, arid Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service-of the Year 1742, was read the Third timt.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty

certain

Extract of Letter from Mr. Thom pfon.

Annoyance ot Trade by Spanish Privateers*

Aaftrtr to

Addresses.

*t.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

.id of Ships that have taken Convoy.

Account of Spanish Prisoners.

Account of >ick Seamen*

Account of Men borne on Ships Musters.

Account of lifcharged, x. Seamen.

Cottrell’s

Name.

igott’s 'ills, Sec.

15 Geo. II. 280 Januanu-

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1742.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord. High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List: of the Names of the Merchant Ships, or other Vessels, b'elbng-ing to this Kingdorti, which the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships have given Instructions to, and have proceeded under their Convoy to or from foreign Parts, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain; distinguishing the Names of the Commanders, and of his Majesty’s Ships, and the Voyages, respe&ivfely, and whether proceeded the whole Voyage, or only Part of the Voyage.

‘ And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session. - ’ r -:

Ordered, That the pfoper Officer do lay before this Hotife, an Account of what Spayiish Prisoners have been released since the Commencement of the present War' with Spain, by what Orders, and on what Conditions.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Men who have been put sick on Shore, from his Majesty’s Ships, into the Hospitals of this Kingdom, from the First of January. 1749, -to the 31st of December 1741; distinguishing how many died, were returned on board the Ships again, run away, or were otherwise disposed of, after they had been so put on Shore.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Numbers of Men borne and mustered, as it appeared at the several Musters, from the 25th of March 1739, to the 31st of December 1741, on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, or Vessels, in Commission, during that Period of Tirfte; distinguishing where such Ships and Vessels were at the Time of such Muster, together with the Complements of the said Ships, or Vessels, for the said Time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Numbers of Men which have been discharged, dead, from on board any of his Majesty’s Ships, or Vessels, or that have been put sick on Shore, from any of them, from the 25th of March 1739, to 31st of December 17415 distinguishing how many have been discharged DD\ or S S’, from each Ship.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and other the Devi-fees of the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the Will of the said James Dormer: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplifications of the last Wills of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and of John Pigott Esquire, his Son, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott Esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny and Defendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pigott only, pursuant to the Will of the said John Pigott the Son: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Vol. 24.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. <falbot presented to the House, according to CW- Earl More-der, a Bill for dissolving and disannexing from the Crown, ton’s ERate and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, and for veiling the same irredeemably in James Earl of Moreton% and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cottrell’* to enable Sir ClemeHt Cottrell Knight, and other the De-‘ Name, vifees of the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to* take and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Puf-‘ port of the Will of the said James Dormer, was read the.

First time. t:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parlia. Limiting ments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House officers »n of Commons, was read a Second time. a*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter Chippenham of the Petition of Alexander Hume and John Frederick Election. Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 9th Day of April 1624,

(when it was resolved, that the new Charter alrered not the Custom, and that the Burgesses and Freemen more than Twelve had Voice in the Election) was also read.

And the Handing Order of the House, made the 16th.

Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, cr before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons) was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And having infilled, that the Words " Burgesses and " Freemen," mentioned in the said last Determination of this House, mean only such Burgesses and Freemen as are Inhabitants, Householders of the ancient Houses called Free or Burgage Houses within the said Borough;

They produced a Copy of the said Charter, granted to the said Borough by Queen Mary, and dated the 2d Day of May, in the First Year of her Reign:

And several Clauses of the same were read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners produced also an Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, made in Hilary Term, in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning the Allotment and Division of the Profits of the Borough-Lands, granted by the said Charter:

And several Parts of the said Exemplification were read:

And so much of the several Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections (made upon the ift Day of December, and the 22d Day of January 1691, and upon the 5th Day of January 1694), as relates to the State of the Right of Electing Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read:

S And

I:___

6$, a8° — 29° —

And Copies of the several Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the Years 166.1, 1679, 1701, and 17*7, were also produced, and read;

And the publick Books of the said Borough being produced;

Several Entries therein, relating to Lists of the Names of Inhabitants, Householders, and to the Form of the Admission of Freemen within the said Borough, after the Date of the said Decree, were also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence, in Support of their Construction of the said last Determination of this House, concerning the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Sitting-Members were heard in Answer thereto:

And having infilled, that the Words "Burgesses and " Freemen," mentioned in the said last Determination, mean Perfoqs possessed of ancient Burgage Houses within the said Borough

They examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that, by the Usage of the said Borough, Persons are qualified to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Right of such Possession:

And several Entries in the said publick Books relating to the Admitlion of several Freemen «f the said Borough, mentioned by one of the said Witnesses, were also read: And Copies of the several Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made in the 3d Year, of the Reign of King Charles the First, and in the Year 1660, were produced, and read:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Members having referred to the State of the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough (contained in the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, made upon the 17th Day of March 1711, touching the Election for the said Borough:

And the same being admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners;

Several Entries in the said public Books, relating to the Form of admitting Peffons to their Freedom, within the said Borough; before the Date of the said Decree, were read:

And the Counsel foi the Sitting-Members having gone through their Evidence, in Support of their Construction of the said last Determination of this House, concerning the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough j

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw: A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, in the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, made the 9th Day of April, in the Year 1624, which is, 11 That the new Charter alters not the Custom, and that a the Burgesses and Freemen, more than Twelve, have <c Voices in the Electionthe Words Burgesses and Freemen, mentioned in the said Resolution, mean only such Burgesses and Freemen as are Inhabitants, Householders of the ancient Houses, called Free or Burgage Houses, within the said Borough;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

fgZg*0*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counselon both Sides were called in;

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

20

Jamariu 1741.

And then, the Hoqfe, having continued tq fit till after Twelve of the Clock, adjourned till Nine of the Clock this Friday Morning.

Venerisy 2 90 die Januarii j

Anno 150 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1741*

A Petition of John Rolle Esquire, Second Son of'John Rollers

Rolley late of Stephenson, in the County of Devon, Esquire, Name. deceased,1 was prefenfced to the Houses and; read; fstting forth, That Sir Robert Walter, late of Sarfclen, in the*

County of Oxony Baronet, deceased, ;in and by his.last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 7th Day of'QSor: her 1731, did give and devise, in case of Default of

Heirs of his Body, several Manors, Lands, Tenement and Hereditaments, therein mentiortedj to the Petitioner, for Life; without Impeachment of Waste, on CoriditiotP of taking and using the Name and Arms of Walters Re^‘ mainder in Trustees, in the said Will narfied, and (heir Heirs, to preserve contingent Remainders thereby limited;1 Remainder to the Petitioner’s First and other Sons; rift Tail Male, severally and successively, and the HeiivMhle of their respective Bodies, with other Remainders^oyer; and that the said Sir Robert Walter is dead, without leaving any Issue, and the Petitioner being now infttledt to the said Manors, Lands, and Premises, is willing and desirous that the Surname of Walter be confirmed on hi.ql,-and his Heirs Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, that Leave may be given to hring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the said Surname and Arms of the Testator, on the Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, in pursuance of the Will aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr;

Compton, Mr. Carewy and Mr. Protvfe, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Corbetty from the Conamissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pten fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, /

Copies of all Memorials, Petitions, Representatjons; paper* Letters, or other Papers, that have been delivered or respecting transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the Office Exchange of of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, isle, relating to Pr/2ness a Cartel for Exchange of PrisoneFs with Spain, or the WM p21" Condition and Ufege of such of his Majesty’s Subjs&s as have been taken Prisoners by the Spaniards since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, together with what has been done thereupon:

Together with a Schedule, of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read, and is as follows; viz. '

N° 1. (jfopy of a Letter from the Commissionetf fav executing the Office of Lord High Admiral . of Great Britain, isle, to his Grace the l>qk5e,of Newcastle, his Majesty’s principal Secretary of State, dated 30 November 173,9* inefofrag;

Extract: of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchetty dated in Gibraltar Bay, 25 October 1739.

2. Copy

Prayers. \j\.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act pigott’s for making the Exemplification^ the, last Wills, of Will*, &c. John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley, in the County_of Somersety Esquire, and of John Pigott Esquire, his Son,

Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland \ and to enable John Biggs Pigott EfcJUire,: formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny, and Dd-feendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms tof:

Pigott only, pursuant to the Will of the said John 'Pigott the Son, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

(~jOO^I

%, £ogy ^f, a. Letter fx*m Puk;e of

*4/% to the C^o(mmifll9nersi qr U^rAcimiraJ^x^ted ^December 1739. ’

3- CPj>y. <ff a Letter from Mr, Burrhett to th^ Lon>

.< n^lfioners fipr. jjclc and wqupd^d ^eamqn,^cyfr. dated 8 December 1739. ' £<

4, Copy of a, Letter, from Mr, to tjhe Gp^ifr

fipoers. for sick apQ ^qndefl fSp5pnen, £5ft# dated nth January 1739. , .; . ;*#J

5, Copy? p£ a rtier from the Conornissioners. of the

Admiralty to his Grace the Duke of Newcq/llft dated 8th February 1739; inplofing fj 'Copy of a, L^tter ftrpjiv the CJommifliQuqrs for sick and wounded Seamen, &V. to Mr. jtur-chetty dated 2§ \ January 1739; inploiing Heads of a| Qartel for the Exchange of Prisoners — of Was* between Great Britain and Spain j and /0 :i . of Letter from Captain RilUgarde

to his Qwpej;, dpted ac Cprthagena, ^Decern- >r t739f

fc^Cppy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to the Commif-.) fibers of the Admiralty, dated 31 July 1740J , inpfofiiag ' ,

j Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Mr. Parker,

dated.2^4. June 174a

7. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to the Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships.and Vessels on the Coast of Portugal, dated 4th of August 1740.

8. Copy of a Letter, from his Grace the Duke of New-castte to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 28 April 1741; inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Mr.' Thompson to his Grace the Duke of Neyucajble, dated. 27 April 1741, N. S.; inclosing Translation of Monsieur Campo Florido's Letter, in relation to the Exchange oi Prisonpfs.

9. Copy of a Letter from Mr- Corbett to the Con^mif-; (loners for sick and wounded Sea, nj£n, fsV. dated

5th May 1741, inclosing

Proportion for a general pKchange of Prisoners between Great Britain and Spain.

10. Copy of a LetteF from the Commissionerfr for Tick

anp wounded S?apiep, (£r. tp Mr. Corbett, dated 6th May 1741.

11. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett}o the Comnfif-

(ioners forlick and wounded Seamen, &<?. dated 7 th May 1741,

12. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for sick

and wounded Seamen, £s?r. to Mr. Corbett, dated 8th May 1741.

13. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, &c. dated 1 ith May 1741.

14. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for sick

and wounded Seamen, Wr. to Mr. Corbett, dated 12th May 1741; inclosing

Copy of a xMethod proposed for putting in Execution a general Exchange of Prisoners between Great Britain and Spain.

15. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, dated 13th May 174; inclosing

Copy of a Method proposed for putting in Execution a general Exchange of Prisoners between Great Britain and Spain.

16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 29 July 1741; inclosing

- Copy of a Letter from Mr. Thompson, dated at Paris, 1 (tAugiift 1741, N. S.

17. Copy of a Report from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to their Excellencies the Lords Justices, dated jth August 1741.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 24.

fee referred to the Com* \i mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred tp ,cof*64$r: fortfieil of tfecs Petition of the-fob&ribing Met> ch&tffc. a#d Trader of the City, of London, ;.’In« behajfof / thera^fei*!of the Trade of these Kingdoms,* and of th^seer^Lptihe/R Pieti^foriSirartPrred to the Copsideration of: the said Commits/: ’< ’

, T. -v;f *: v.-H 'r' :n». ’ J i */

Captain Gough from the; Court of DirectoiW of the Application Eafi indieCqmpwy, J^xefented to the Hpufe, pursuant to w East India their Order,; Air Aceotmf when the Goprt of Ofeeftors of P®mPany for the East India Company first applied, since the Com- °nVoy* mencemeot of the War with Spainliot a Convoy to go to St. Helena; and when they failed for Stl Helena y and what Number of their Ships tame under the'foid Convoy *r home* ::

And the Title of the said Account was read.,

The said: Account is- bpund up with the; other Papers

of this Session. otlr . J

Ordered, That the foi.d Acfpunt be reformed so Ae Committee of the whole House, tp whom i*t js referredi<tp > consider further of the Petition of the fubfrribfog chants and Traders of the City of London, in behalfof; themselves, and of the Trade, of :theft ^iiflgdoniSr, an,d,of the several ot;hen Petitfomjreferrcd to theiCopJ^eratippof. the said Committee, ,j

The House was movedj; TfiaS the feye^ ^(plqtipp%-Resolu4on» of the House, of ifat ajfeh :Pay ,bf Hq^bem ^40,7 re<peaing

of the 10th a^d 13th. Pay*,of M^h plating

the Method of tiaking Pfeces in th^ Bouse^, might read: -‘ v > .,.?« ‘

And the same were read;a^or4ingJy;.^.are as, foL-, loweth, viz*;

Jovis, 26 Novembrts,: < '

<r That neyther Rooke '*dy Glove npay give any Man " Title or Interest to any Place^ if they th?mfelye^ bef " not here at Prayers/*

Luna, 10 die Mqrtis, 1734-

« Declared, That no Member is to keep any Place fit " the House by Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, till " after Prayers, and then only for himfeJtf/,

Jovis, 13 die Martis, 1734*

" Refohed and Declared, That the Declaration of the " House, of the l oth Day of this instant Match (That <c no Member is to keep any Place in the House by " Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, till after Prayers,

" and then only for himself), does not extend to a " Member who takes a Place by and for himself only, c< before Prayers, and leaves a Book, Glove, Paper, or other Mark for the fame, provided such Member be at Prayers/*

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be printed in the Votes of this Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to g . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to p consider further of Supply granted to his Majesty 5 Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of the Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Annoyance to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Trade consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Mer- by Spanish chants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of Friirftccr8* themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of

the

6$

the fcveteLbthe£Petftions referred to^ihfe'Confide^iohbf the said Committee; ^; H . 1 10\}h:

Ordered, That the Account of ‘what Ships have’been employed inEurope;iitice the Declaration of War‘agai rift Spain, as Cruizers for the Protestiofi of the Trade of this Kingdom; together with the> Stations of such Cruizers, the Times of their going out on such Service, with their Continuance thereon; as also the Success they have met with; distinguishing each Ship tiken,:or^retaken, from the Enemy, and by whom; presented to the House the 12th Day of January 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Ships have been employed as Convoys in Europe, since the Declaration of War against Spain, for the Protection of the Trade of the Kingdom, together with the Times of their going out on such Service, and of their Return; presented to the House the lath of January 1740, be referred to the said Committee.

'Oreterecti That the Account of what Ships have been employed \ti America, since the Declaration of War against Spring for the Prote&ioh of the Trade of this Kingdom, or oii other Services, the Times of their going out on such Service,* and their Continuance thereon; also the^Success they have met with; distinguishing each Ship taken, or retaken, from the Enemy, and by-whom; presented to the House the 12th Day of January 1740, bdreferred to Ihe said Cobimittee.'

Ordered,1 Thatlhe Copies'6fl ah A^pliCations, which r jiave been made'to the Secretaries of State, and Com- r missioners1'for0debuting the Offite of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for Cruizers to be appointed for the Protection of the Trade* of the Kingdom, with an Account of what has been done thereupon; presented to the House, purfyant:to their Address of the 26th Day of November 1*40, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, presented to the House upon jVuefday last, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 21st Day of January instant, relating to a Cartel for Exchange of Prisoners with Spain, or the Condition and Usage of such of ~his Majesty’s Subjects as have been taken Prisoners by the Spaniards since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, together with what has been done thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Merchant Ships, or other Vessels belonging to this Kingdom, which the Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships have given Instructions to, and have proceeded under their Convoy to

1741

and from foreign Parts, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain; distinguishing the Names of the Commanders, and of his Majesty’s Ships, and the Voyages, respectively, and whether proceeded the whole Voyage, or only Part of the Voyage, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Captain Crockatf s Memorial, with one from the Prisoners at St. Sebastian annexed, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committtee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had heard several other Witnesses; and that he was directed by the Committee to move,

' That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Andj then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 1° die Februarii; Anno 1 j* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account ftiewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th Day of January 1741, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows j viz.

290 Januctrii. — 1° Februarii.

Disposition of Grants.

g

rH-

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

? O , O 00^ rT

r

Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for tL: vice of the Year 174T, hath been disposed of $ distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th Day of January x 74T, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

For Victuals, Wages, Wear, and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling for 40,ooood Men for 13 Months, beginning 1 Jan. 1740 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay ——

For the Charge of Transports hired to carry the Forces to America -

For the Expence of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed on the Expedition -Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital - - -'

For Sea Services For Land-Services

r§ \ For extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament 6 ,

To defray the Charge of maintaining 29,033 Men for Guards, Garrisons, &c. Anno 1741 -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions of Garrisons of Annapolisy Canso, Placentia, Gibraltar, and Georgia, Anno 1741 For extraordinary Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament -

Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, Anno 1741 For Pensions, for the Year 1741, to the Widows of Officers married before Christmas 1716 Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - -

For raising and maintaining 5705 Men for the Service of the Year 1741 -

For defraying the Expence of 6ooood Hessians, from 25th March exclusive to the 23th December 1741, inclusive, being 275 Days -

For what remains unpaid of Levy-money for the said Troops, pursuant to Treaty ( For what remains payable of their Subsidy to the 25 December 1741, pursuant to Treaty - For defraying the Expence of 6000 Danes, from 25th March exclusive to 25th December 1741, inclusive, being 275 Days ——

For what remains unpaid of Levy-money for the said Troops, pursuant to Treaty -

For what remains payable of their Subsidy to 23 December 1741 (voted £44*369. 8 s, id. but reduced, to correct a Mistake, to £.44,269. 8 s. 1 d.\ pursuant to Treaty

For maintaining a Regiment of 36 Companies, raised in America, for the Service of the Year 1741, commencing 25 December 1740, inclusive ——

For maintaining the Charge of Officers to go with the Expedition under Lord Cathcart> for the Year

1741. - - - - .....' - - - ~ /-

For maintaining the Charge of the Staff-Officers to attend the Hospital established for the said Service

£ pFor defraying the Charge of 6930 Marines (employed for the Year 174°) continued for the Service of the

c J Year 1741.....- - -.....' -

\ For raising and maintaining 4620 additional Marines for the Service of the Year 1741 -

Sums granted. Sums paid.

£ s» d. £< s. d. L d.

1,976.000 '

— — *.i53>894 19 of

184,691 10 10 , 4.390.53* 17 ,

105,2.75 18 8

124,564 8 of 10,000 — 10,000 — —

104,000 — —

"5.4*5 3 7

76,071 1 4 295,296 4 11 260,000 —

883,189 2 6

266,512 16 sf: ::

36.»57 if

29,300 7 6

4,126 — —

.4,948 18 4

116,322 4 2

75>95* 7 4i

30,205 14 7

49,608 6 1 -

69,841 5 4f

*7.875 — r 0:

44,269 8 1

53.995 13 4

11,611 13 4

*,277 10 — ,»7°3>I94 6 a|

*.703.194 6 2f

1524,052 5

90,201 10 214,253 15 — *14.453 *5 '

K emails.

236,636 18

— o

— B

d. P

35,*9? 4 J*

<N NO

g

co'

N

CD

CL

CT

D

o

r

u

a

.a

*o

ur

o

Q

9

2-

rTo make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Malt 1739. at 1741 "

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas 174°

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out ofitto- the'Bank, to make good the Deficiency of-. the additional Stamp-duties at Christmas 1739 ——

( To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout to the Bank for a Year’s Interefly due the 8th' September 1740, on £.500,000 lent on the Salt, Anno 1735 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout to the Bank, to make good the’ Deficiency of the Duty on Sweets at Michaelmas 1739 - —

C d.

249,679 7 —

-2,625- 4" H-

5,021, itx rf 20,000' — ' — 2*3*7*1 *' 6

Towards maintaining the British Forts and Settlements of the Royal African Company on the Coast

Towards finishing, repairing, lAc. WestminsterAbbey — —

To the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia - -

To the settling and re-establishing the Sufferers by Fire at Charles South Carolina- -

To make good to the Merchants, £*f al. Sufferers by the Failure of Mr, Henry Popple

To enable his Majesty to support the Queen of Hungary -- -u -

's:

i "

Sums granted.

i j£*

d.

301,037 9 Ili

10,000 -- —

i 4,000-----

: 10,000-----

j 20,000-----

I 8,716 *3 9*

1 300,000 — —

5,267,030 7 5*1

Sum paid.

Sm d.

i 301,037 9 11

i ia, oooo — —

{ 4,000-----

10,000 -- —

8,716 13 91

275,000-----

'4>9 5°»°9 7 4

Ways and Means for supplying the said Services.

By AS. per Lib.on Land ----- 2,000,000 —

By the Duties on Malt continued - - 750,000 —

By Loans on Salt - - - 1,200,000

By the Sinking Fund - 1,000,000 —

By the Overplus of the Grants, A°’1739 - - 39,588

By Arrears of Malt, A° 1739 - 2,275

By Sundry Overpluses ----- 11,434

d.

Residue of Ways and Means (undisposed.

On the Dufies on Malt for the Service of the Year 1741 Deficiency of Way$ and Means, A* 174J1 -

Remains.

£ (i.

20,000 — —

j 25,000 ——

316,933 3

t

!. 53>2i 5 10

r

263.731 17 7

ro

IOj

14 Ilf

4- —

Deficiency of Ways and Means, A0 1741

5,003,298 9 10* - 263,731 17 7

5,267,030 7 5*

vL

o

Sv

This Account, dated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Address of this Honourable House, is humbly presented, this 1 ft Day of February ^741, by

Thomas Bowen.

<1

4*

15 Geo. II. i° Februarii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of The House being informed, That Mr. , One of

Pcltoncn Commissioners for lick a°d wounded Seamen, and r oners, ^change of Prisoners at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account shewing what Spanish Prisoners have been released since the Commencement of the prefen t War with Spain, by what Orders, and upon what Conditions.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of . this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of Jthemselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and alfp of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee,

V A Bill for ditlblving and disannexing from the Crown,

-v.re:/* an Cj Patrimony thereof, the Earldom ol Orkney, and S '*c"t Lordship of Zetland, an^ for veiling the same irredeemably in Jam:s Earl of Mor and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right ot Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Torke, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Oswald, Sir Charles Gi/mour, Mr. Scott, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Douglas, Col. Bladen, Sir Robert Brown, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Mr. Earl, Mr.

Francis Fane, ^fr. Godolphin, Sir James Mr.

Hedworth, CoJ. Howard, Mr. Mr. John

Murray, Sir Thorn as Read, Sir John Rushout, Mr. dy s, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. teney. Lord Sidney BeaucMr. Crow/e, Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Strange, General Churchill, Earl Mr. Mr.

Plumer, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr. Strickland, Earl of Granard, Mr. Uoyd, Lord Guernsey, Lord Mr. Gybbon -, and the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dr. StuWey Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked, the Reverend Do£Iot William Stukeley, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, on Saturday lad, at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr. Wm. Banks, do acquaint him therewith.

Radnor ' Ordered, That the Bailiff and several Bnrgefies of the Iledioa. Borough of Knighton, who petitioned this House on behalf of themselves and of the Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Radnor, Knighton, Knucklas, Kevenleece, and Rhayadar, in the County of Radnor, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Radnor, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

St.Catherine A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-!ntleD'!n dnto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by an Act, UIC ‘ passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of the Parish of "St. Catherine Coleman in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Vol. 24.

the Petitioners, in porfuanest of the jpowers granted in the said Act, and of the Tracts thereby reposed in them, have raised the Sum of Two thoul'and Seven hundred Pounds, authorized and appointed to be raised by the said Act; which they have applied in rebuilding the said.

Church, and in defraying other necessary Charges attending the fame; and that the said Church is now entirely finished, and Divine Service hath for feme time pall been performed therein: And that notwithstanding the Petitioners have contracted with the several Artificers and Workmen concerned in the said Building, at the moll moderate Rates; yet they have, by many extraordinary and unforeseen Expences, been under a Necessity of exceeding the said Sum; and that there is now due and owing to the said Workmen, and others, the Sum of £.6 50 and upwards; which the Petitioners are unable to discharge, without some further Provision mpde by Parliament for that Purpose; and that., from lorae C autes in the said Act, t he Petitioner apprehend they may be under lorne Difficulties in effecting and carrying on the further,

Purposes of the said Act, unless. the said Clauses be explained, and made more effedlua]: And theteture praying, That the House will be pleated to give Leave lor the bringing in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and to render the same more effectual for the Purposes afore mentioned, in such manner as to the House shall fee in meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Heathcctte, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Lechmere, Mr.

Gybbon, Sir Paul Met faun, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Glvnn,

Lord Perceval, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Knight,

Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Rotle, Mr. Earl

Granard, Mr. Cook, Lord Gage, Mr. i Mr. Fel-

lows, Mr. WtUdnJon, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Batfrurjl, Sir John Chester, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Sir Joint Barrington, Mr. Portman, Mr Southwell, Mr.

Crezv, Mr. Montague, Mr. Grenville, Mr. , Mr.

Banks, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Cho/mondeley, Mr. Manfel, Sir James Grant, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Powlett, Mr.

Sir Humphry Howorth, Me. Berkeley, Sir Geo.

Mr. Buchanan; and all the Members who serve for the City of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Philipfon, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Account of

presented to the House, pursuant to their'Order, An Ac- ’Seaihen. count of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service dfthe Royal Navy, from 31st December 1740, to the 31st December 1741, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muf-tered in the said Service: and also, . f

An Account of the Number df Ships and Vessels of Snips and ° War, distinguishing their Rates, as they Hood at Vessels of

mas 1741. War.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels of War is bound up with the other Tapers of this Session.

The Account of the Number of Seamen employed in she Service of the Royal Navy is as follows; «viz.

72

i° Februarit.

A.

1741

Navy Office 1 An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from tft February 1741. J the 31st December 1740, to the 31st December 1741, upon a Medium of each Month;

distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th January 1741.

MONTHS. ... Number of Seamen. Nunhber of Soldiers and Marine* for Victuals only.

r — Borne. Muttered. r Borne. Muttered.

January 1746 - -- -- - 38,024 33>811 3,700 3,272

February - -- -- - 39.285 35.98o 4.063 3.635

March 1741 - -- -- - 40,886 37.064 3,369 2,901,

April - -- 43.254 39.o*4 3,561 3.179

43.568 39.335 3»5*5 3,054

June -- 45.277 41.477 4,269 3.924

July 45.417 41,884 4,242 3,873

August - -- -- - 45»! 88 4i,443 4,347 4,02 z

September ----- 44,333 40,101 4,4i5 3,800

October - -- 44,702 39,229 4,142 3,597

November - -- 45.5'5 40,030 4,027 3,550

December - -- 44»5°7 38,794 4,024 3,548

5*9.956 468,162 47,674 42,355

Upon a Medium - 43.329 39.0*3 3,972 3.529

JR d.Haddock, Ja‘. Ackworth, John J. Fowler.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Names of the Merchant Ships, with the Names of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred Matters that have behaved so negligently, as to delay the to consider further of the Petition of thesubscribrngMer- Convoys from whom they had taken failing Orders, or chants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of that have abandoned the fame, or have been any-ways dif-themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of obedient to the Instructions established for good Govern-the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration ment, with the Narration of the Facts, since the Cotn-of the said Committee, mencement of the present War with Spain: And also.

Copies of the Reasons given in Writing by such of the Haverford- Ordered, That the Order, made by the Committee of Commanders of his Majesty’s Ships of War, as have weftEleftion. Privileges and Elections, for hearing upon Friday the been appointed, since the Commencement of the present 12th Day of this instant February, the Matter of the Pe* War with Spain, as Cruizers on this side Cape Ftnifiesre, tition of Hugh Barlow, of Lawremy, in the County of for leaving their Stations, or for coming into Port, be-Pembroke, Esquire; and also of the Petition of the fe- fore the Time required by their Orders; together with a. veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Schedule of the said Copies, being Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Haverford-zvejl, paying Scotland Lot; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County, and which were referred to the said Committee; be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Wednesday the 19th Day of May next.

Pembroke

Election.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the 15th Day of December last, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Saturday the 6th Day of this instant February, the Matters of the Petition of Thomas Philipps Gentleman, late Mayor, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses of the Borough of Wifion, in the County of Pembroke, in behalf of themselves and all other the Burgesses of the said Borough; and of the Petition of Rawleigh

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

And the said Schedule was also read; and is as follows; viz.

1. Copy of a Letter from Captain Yeo, Commander of

his Majesty’s Ship the Deptford, to Mr. dated 25 November 1739.

2. Extract of a Letter from Captain Oats, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship Advice, to Mr. Burchett, dated 21st December 1739.

3. Extratt of a Letter from Captain Rycaut, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship Panther, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Spithea 24th December 1739.

4. Copy of a Letter from Captain Lloyd, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship IVi to Mr. Burchett,

dated at Ventry, nth January 1739.

5. Copy of a Letter from Captain Rycaut, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship Panther, to Mr. Burchett, dated in Plymouth Sound, 11 March 1739.

Manfel, of the County-Borough of Carmarthen, Esquire, 6. Copy of a Letter from Captain Fox, Commander of

_ _1 . £ 4 L, A D A. A. A X 4K A A A ! . A. A _ A A /T U A A .1 a /Xat rs ar-v 4 1% A f.1 - *« am / <1 4 yv A 4 m D a iM 2m 0

and One of the Burgesses of the ancient Borough of Wifion, in the County of Pembroke j severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Pembroke-, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the 21st Day of January last, for the Attendance of Wy-riott Owen Esquire, upon Saturday the 6th Day of this instant February, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the 18th Day of May next.

Papers rc- Mr. Corbett (from the Commissioners for executing the lsting to Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) prefenred Convince. j|ie House (pursuant to their Order) A Lift of the

his Majesty’s Ship the Nto Mr. Burchett, dated in Hamoaze, 7th June 1740.

7. Copy of a Letter from Captain Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the Ruby, to Mr. Burchett, dated in Plymouth Sound, 15th August 1740.

8 Extract of a Letter from Captain Edzvards, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Swift, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Spithead, 22 August 1740.

9. Copy of a Letter from Captain Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop Otter, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Plymouth, 29th August 1740.

10. Extract of a Letter from Captain Fox, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship to Mr. Burchett,

dated off Cape Pinas, in the Bay of Biscay, 15tU September 17^0.

11. Ext raft

15 Geo. II. 1 Februarii. 73

11. Ext raft of a Letter fro to Captain Fort, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the Newcastle, to Mr. Burchett, dated in Plymouth 25th September

1740.

12. Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr.

Burchett, dated at Spit head, nth 1740.

13. Copy of a Letter from Captain Edwards, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Swift, to Mr. Burchett, dated at St. Michaef s Pier, 15th

1740.

14. Extract of a Letter from Captain JVakeman, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Cruizer, to Mr. Burchett, dated in the Downes, 29th October 1740.

15. Extract of a Letter from Captain Holburne, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship Dolphin, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Sheerness, 5th November 1740.

16. Extract of a Letter from Captain Forbes, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the Guernsey, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Cork, 16th November 1740.

17. Extract of a Letter from Captain Fox, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr. Bur-

chett, dated in Coulson Bay, Plymouth Sound, 28 th November 1740.

18. Copy of a Letter from Captain Swayjland, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Cork 1 ith January 1740.

19. Copy of a Letter from Captain Gregory, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the , to Mr. Bur-

chett, dated at Sciliy 17th Jan. 1740.

20. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gage, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the to Mr. Bur-

chett, dated at Plymouth, 20th January 1740.

21. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gage, Commander

of his Majesty's Sloop Carcass, to Mr. Burchett, dated 12th February 1740.

22. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Milford, 19th February 1740.

23. Extract of a Letter from Captain Campbell, Commander of his Majesty’6 Ship Scipio, to Mr. Burchett, dated in Plymouth Sound, 27 February 1740.

24. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Mtlfor 27 March 1741.

25. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Burchett, dated in 30th March

1741.

26. Extract of a Letter from Captain Norris, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr.

Burchett, dated at Lisbon, 14 April 1741.

27. Copy of a Letter from Captain Broadley, Commander of his Majesty’s Fireship Blaze, to Mr. Burchett, dated at IVeymoulh, 22d 1741.

28. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gage, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the Carcass, to Mr. Burchett, dated off of Falmouth,27 April 1741.

29. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gregory, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Thunder, to Mr. Burchett, dated at 30 April 1741.

30. Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Success, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Plymouth, 15 May 1741; in-doling,

An Order from Captain Ambrose to Captain Thompson, dated 8th May 1741.

31. Copy of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Burchett, dated in King Road, 21 May 1741.

32. Extract of a Letter from Captain Ambrose, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Rupert, to Mr. Burchett, dated at Plymouth 9 th June 1741.

33. Copy of a Letter from Captain Lloyd, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr. Bur-

chett, dated in Torbay, 20 July 1741.

34. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Com-Vox. 24.

mander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Paper* re-Corbett, dated in King Road, 21st July 1741. to

35. Extract of a Letter from Captain Medley, Com- ®nr°y*»

mander of his Majesty’s Ship the Nassau, to Mr.-Corbett, dated off the IQand of Cyfarga, 3d September 1741.

36. Extract of a Letter from Captain Rogers, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Drake, to Mr.

Corbett, dated in the Downs, 9th September 1741.

37. Copy of a Letter from Captain Campbell, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Sapbire, to Mr.

Corbett, dated in Carick Road, 10th September 1741-

38. Extract of a Letter from Captain Life, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship Scarborough, to Mr. Burchett, dated in Portland Road, 12th September 1741.

39. Extract of a Letter from Captain Medley, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Nassau, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Spit head, 15 th September 1741.

40. Copy of a Letter from Captain Harrison, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Argyle, to Mr.

Corbett, dated 15th September 1741.

41. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Com- ,

mander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr.

Corbett, dated in King Road, 18th September 1741.

42. Extract of a Letter from Captain Norris, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr.

Corbett, dated in Lisbon River, 24th September 1741.

43. Extract of a Letter from Captain Cooper, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Hound, to Mr*

Corbett, dated in the Downes, 29th 1741.

44. Copy of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr.

Corbett, dated 3d October 1741.

45. Copy of a Letter from Captain Rogers, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the Drake, to Mr. dated at Harwich, 16th October 1741.

46. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gage, Commander-

of his Majesty’s Sloop the Carcass, to Mr. Corbett, dated at Plymouth, 16th October 1741.

47. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Falmouth, 17th 1741.

48. Extract of a Letter from Captain Towry, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the Buckingham, to Mr. Burchett, dated 3d November 1741.

49. Copy of a Letter from Captain Gage, Commander

of his Majesty’s Sloop the Carcass, to Mr. Corbett, dated in Plymouth Sound, 8 th November 1741.

50. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr.

Corbett, dated in Milford Haven, 16th November 1741.

51. Extract of a Letter from Captain Holburne, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Dolphin, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Cork, 23d November 1741.

52. Extract of a Letter from Captain Holmes, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Success, to Mr.

Corbett, dated in Portland Road, 23d November

1741.

53. Extract of a Letter from Captain Fox, Commander

of his Majesty’s Ship the Newcastle, to Mr. Corbett, dated on the Coast of Biscay, 25th November 1741.

54. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harrison, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Argyle, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Plymouth, 27th November 1741.

55. Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Dolphin, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Cork, 6th December 1741.

56. Extract of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr.

Corbett, dated at Cork, 6th December 1741.

57. Copy of a Letter from Captain Campbell, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Saphire, to Mr.

Cgrbett, dated in Carrick Road, 9th December 1741.

U 58. Copy

74

58. Copy of a Letter from the Right Honourable Lord Montague Bertie, Cotnmanderof his Majesty’s Ship the Lyme, to Mr. Corbett, dated at Cork, 18th December 1741.

59. Extract of a Letter from Captain Campbell, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr.

Corbett, dated in C 28 December 1741.

60. Copy of a Letter from Captain Goddard, Commander of his Majesty’s Sloop the Shark, to Mr. Corbett, dated oft' the Harbour Mouth of Cork, 29 December 1741.

61. Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the to Mr.

Corbett, dated in H2 2d Jan. 1741. Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of them-ielves, and the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Cottrell’s An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name. enable Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and other the Devisees of the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the Will of the said James Dormer, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Pelham, Lord Sidney Beaue/erk, Mr. Sir

James Grant, Mr. PulteueyMr. Hammond, Dr. Butler, l/)rd Harry Beaiiclerk, Sir Miles , Mr. Senvyn,

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir John Glynn, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Trevor, Sir Watkyn IVms. Wynn, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. Oiven, Mr. Legge, Mr. Knight, Lord Quarendon, Sir James Colonel Elliott,

Lord- John Sackville, Lord Gleuorchy, Mr Pitt, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Chelwynd, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Gore, Me. Ybrke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Strode, Sir Nathanael CuColonel Pawlett, Mr. Ca-rew, Mr. Fox, Lord Strange, Lord Guernsey, Sir Geo. Oxendon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their rtddress. Address, of WedneJdaylaft (That his Majesty would be graciously pleasedto give Directions, that there might be laid before this House, A Lift of the Officers belonging to the Establishment of , distinguishing which of

them are upon the Place, and which of them are absent), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Papers re- Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant fptfting An- to their Address to his Majesty,

Trade b*° Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Spanish Pri- Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, February ad, vatecM. 1740-1inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Consul Compton to the Duke of Newcastle, Lisbon m,0-1.

Copy of a Representation from the Merchants at Lif-btn to Consul Compton, Lijbon1^-, 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of to the

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, December 26th, 1741 -, inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant-Governor Bull to the Duke of Newcastle, Charles Town, South Carolina, October 14th, 1741: inclosing Copy of the Affidavits of Thomas Lloyd and John Crawford, Augttjl 21ft, 1741.

Copy of the Affidavit of Captain Murray, September 24th, 1741,

Copy of the Affidavit of Captain , September 30, I74t.

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the

A. 1741.

Admiralty to the Duke of Ncivcastle, December 2.81b, 1741.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant Correfpo-i-to their Address to his Majesty, dence «f Mr.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Secretary at War, Julyicth, X741. tary at War.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, July 16th, 1741

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to the Secretary at War, Aug. 7th, 1741.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the several Lists of the said Papers were read.

The Papers mentioned in each of the said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Papers, mentioned in the First of the said Lifts, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider furl her of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Papers, mentioned in the Second Lift, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Annoyance Committee of the whole House, to consider further of of Trade by the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of Sr anish Pn-the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the v2le<;rs-Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had heard tome other Evidence; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Limiting Of-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ficers in the House, upon the Bill for securing the Freedom of Par- House of liaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House oll)monS-of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Weditfday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Februarii;

Anno i50 Georgii IIdi Regis, 174L

Prayers.

AP EXIT ION of several of the Freeholders and In- Stowerbridg* habitants of the Town of Stowerbridge and Parish of Parish.

Old-

I® — 20 Februarii.

’cW

'"in

raui

SfCT(.

at Wy.

net

tit

P;j.

15 Geo. It.

FeBruarii.

Oldfwinsford, in the County of IVtorcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Stowerbridge is a populous Market-Town, and inhabited by great Numbers of Persons employed in the Woollen, Iron, and Glass Manufactures in the said Town and Parish; and that the said Town of Stozver bridge, in the said Pariflb, is a Mile distant from the Parish-Church of Old-fwinsford, which is not sufficient to contain Half the Inhabitants, who would willingly have attended Divine Service there; and that, by the voluntary Contributions of several Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and Places near the fame, a Church hath been lately built in the said Town, in which Divine Service is performed, according tcJ the Usage of the Church of England; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town have for several Years maintained the Poor of the said Town by a separate Levy from other Parts of the said Parish, under the Care of different Overseers; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the Town of Stowerbridge may be afeparate Parish in all respectrs, except being liable to the Tythes in the said Town ship, and a Levy for repairing the said Mother-Church; and that Part of the Common called the Short Heath, about Fifteen Acres, and Twenty Acres of Common, near the said Town, on the South Side of a Pool called the Gigmill-Pool, may be inclosed, and exempt from Tythes and Parochial Taxes, as a Glebe to the said new Church, and that Two Shillings a Kneeling in the bed Seats, being Half the present Kate, and the like Half Rate of the other Kneelings, may be payable to the Minister; and that the Inhabitants, who, for their Dwelling-houses, shall be assessed at the greatest Rates towards the Parochial Levies, may, from time to time, have the first Choice of Seats; and that the Presentation may be in the Right Honourable the Lord Foley: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pytts, Mr. Winnington, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Banks, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Pratt, Mr. P owlet t, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Winford, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Chester, Mr.

Foley, Lord Barrington, Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Tounge, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bramston, Sir Nathanael Cur-' zon, Mr. P ley dell, Mr. Bance> Mr. Budge, Mr. York,

Lord Chetwynd, Earl of Granard, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Montague, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr. Crew, Mr, Fane, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Boone, Mr. Digby%

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Morden,

Dr. Butler, Mr. Lechnyere, Mr. Kent, Mr. West, Lord Strange, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Robert Long, Lord Gage, Mr. Popham, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Ojwald, Sir Watkyn Wms. Wynn, Mr.

Neal, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Smith, . Mr. Evelyn, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Thomas Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon’at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:,

And they have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That ail Committees be revived. Committees

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, from Papersre-the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the (pecting Door;.; £r«n»>ch

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,’pursuant to their Orders, a State of the Revenue

and Expence of’Greenwich Hospital, for the Year 1741:

Andalfo,

An Account, (liewing how the Money granted last SeP (ion of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been dif- posed of: And he also presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, as to what Money has been received from the Derwent-water Estate, in the Year 1741, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State, Account, and Report* were read.

The said State, Account, and Report, are as follows; viz*

ad February) A S TAT E of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance of 1741. 3 an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th January 1741.'

Estimate of the Revenue.

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem of 40,000 Seamen, voted for the Service of the Year 1741, £* s. d.

estimated at - - - - 13,000 — —

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem, from Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary - 348 14 4

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, estimated at 6,371 — 4 The Three LightHouses on the Forelands - - 1,472 13 io|

The Rent per Annum of Houses - - - 279 18 8

There is vested in South-Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £.3,800 devised to the Hospital, which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, and in the mean time the Hospital receives Interest at £. 4 per Cent. - -152 —

21,624 7 2i

RevenueJliort of the Expence - - - ‘ - - - - 4,100 12 gl

Note, The Half-pay of the Lieutenant-Governor, and other military Officers of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted from the aboveDeficiency, amounts to T he Wages an&Value of the Provisions allowed the Chaplains of the Or-^. > - dinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like _ ----- manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to

£ 25>7 25

£ * d.

643 7 —

IO7 -

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital. v ' '

Notit, That the Articles of Seamen, in his Majesty’s and the Merchants Service, will be more or * - less according to the Number employed, -

7 —

Vol. 24'. V

Estimate

2° Februarii.

A. 1741.

Estimate of the Expence.

The maintaining of 1,000 disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is estimated at- - - - (

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officer? of the Works, is estimated at -

Contingent Charges are about -

L

22,950-----

2,020 — —

755 -

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett.,

£. 25,725-----

ad FebruaryA» ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hof-1741. 5 pital has been disposed of, prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th January 1741.

The Expence of maintaining 550 additional disabled Seamen, with 33 Nurses, being Widows of Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for the Year 1741, exceeded (on account of the Dearness of Provisions and Necessaries) the Sum of----- 10,000 — —

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared and paid only to the 30th of September last.

By Order of the Commissioners,

Will. Corbett,

2d February,) IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, inti* 1741. 3 tuled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attain*

ders of James late Earl of Dervoentwater and Charles;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at , to contract and agree

with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like and substantial manner, on the easiest and most realOnableTerms, according toja Plan laid before the Honourable House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively.

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received, between the 1 ft of December 1740, and 30th November 1741, out of the Rents of the Estate -

As to their Proceedings, in carrying on the Building

In King Charles's Court;

The Governor’s Apartment is completely finished, likewise the Board-Room and Waiting-Room adjoining; greatest Part of the Chimneys are examined, and secured from Fire, and the Water is laid into the said Court, from the great Reservoir.

In Queen Ann's Court;

South Pavision, the Stair-Cafe, and Paving of the Gallery, are done; the Apartments, One Pair of Stairs, Mezzanine and Attick Stories, are quite finished. Painting and Cleaning excepted.

In Queen Mary's Court;

The Tower and Dome, at the End of the Chapel, are up to the Lanthorn, the Colonade is quite covered in, and the Vaulting of the said Colonade is finished; the Communication-Passage between King William's and Queen Mary's Court is made; the Vaulting of the First Floor of the East Building is finished, and Stone Steps carried up near the Top of the Building; the Frames and Salhes in the First Floor and One Pair of Stairs are made, put in, and glazed; great Part of the Mezzanipe Floor is laid, and all the Floor of the Attick Story, and the Upper Story, in the Roof for the Boys Apartment, and School-Room, is finished.

The Brew-house, and Brewing Utensils, are likewise finished, and all set up.

The Works done this Year, and brought to Account, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand Fifty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence -

The ordinary Works done this Year, amount to the Sum of Two thousand One hundred Sixty-four Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence ——

4,208 8 — -

8,053 17 6

2,164 7 9

10,218 5 3

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arisen from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on Account of Repairs, between ift December 1740, and 30th November 1741 ----- 1,080 17 10

And by Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest due to them, on the Sum of £, 25,900 at £. 4 per Cent, which was advanced by them, to pay off incumbrances on the -

water Estate, for the like Sum, Part of which was at £. 5 and the other at£. 6 per Cent.

Interest.....----- 1,956 16

By Order of the Commissioners, — —

Will. Corbett.

Account from Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the said State, Account, and Report, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, Deputy-Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

22

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 174* and how the same has been applied.

And then he Withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

Greenwich

m

i5 Geo. II.

i° FebruAru.

77

Greenwich Hospital,) AnACCDUN T»shewing bow much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the 2d February 1741.,) said Hospital^ from Christmas 1740, to 1741, and how the tame has been applied.

Received for Seamens Six Renews, employed in the Merchants Service One Year, to November

1741 -

Received on Account of Abatements on Seamens Wdges, (employed in, Iris Majesty’fe $ervi(je Received for the Duties on the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, Onfc Year to Michaelmas 1741 - - '

Received the Money granted by Parliament,1741 - " ,1/- -

Received the Chaplains Wages and Groats* of Deptford and Woolvbich Ordinaries, One Year to Christmas 1740 -

Received for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of the said Ofdihafies, One Year to day 1741 -

Received the Chaplain’s Groats on Sundry Yachts, from the ill 6f November 1739 to the 30th of June 1740 - - - ... - -

Received the Officers Half-Pay, One Year to M4741 - . Received the Deduction of Three Pence, in the Poupd from the Officers' oh their Half-Pay, One Year and a Half to Midsummer 1741 - -

Received for Six Pences abated from Seamen employed in Victualling Vessels, One Year to Christmas 1740 -

Received for Kent of Houses belonging to the Hospital - ,

Received on Account of the Rents and Profits of the Estate -

Total - - £.

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’i Hands, on the Balance of the last Account, have been applied as on the other Side.

Sum.

£. s. d. t ,3ft tj s ' '$,600 — -

1,474 13 io£

I6,000 ----- jr-

, ,74- 6 28 14 —

1 1

4t 8 —

48; 13 —

*2 9 —

s

II 17 —

- 228- 12 9

>45* 3

33*284 6 5I

rnr m i tom — ar

Vol. 24.

X

Treasurer

Treasurer Debtor.

Sum.

£. s. d.

To Cash remaining on the Balance of the last Account - 4»26i 9

To sundry imprest Receipts, then uncleared ----- 3,957 ®

To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1741, as ,on the other Side - - - 33»2®4 6 5*

Total - - I- 4M°3 12 IO*

CJ

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

Per Contra

Creditor.

214. 2

1.433 18

1,028 3

By paid Six Months Houshold Books, ending March 1741 12.5*4 *5 Six Months Contingencies D8 -Six Months Book of current Works D*

Six Months Book of measured Works D* -A Book of Works done in the South Pavision of Queen Anne's Court, Six Months, ending D8'

A Book of Works done in Queen Mary's Court, Six Months, ending the same Time -

d.

4

11

2

2

375 1

- *,4*4

18 —

1 7

9 7

2 —

By paid Six Months Houshold-Books, ending September

1741 - - - - 11,878

Six Months Contingencies D° - - -. - 293

Six Months Book of current Works D* - - 73®

Six Months Book of measured Works D* - 363

A Book of Works done in the South Pavision of Queen

Anne's Court, Six Months, ending D* . - - 652 1 6

A Book of Works done in Queen Mary's Court, Six

Months, ending the same Time - - - - 3,221 9 10

By paid Mr. John Sander Jon, Attorney at Law, his Bill, on Account of the Light-houses - -

By paid Rent due to Morden College, One Tear to Lady-day 1741 -

By paid at the Bank of England Interest on a Loan of J. 2 5,900 to Midfum-mer 1741 -

By paid on Account of Coals for the Foreland Lights -

By iundry iinpreft Receipts, uncleared -

Balance

Total

Sum. £

For Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer,

James , Deputy.

17,139 a"

66 13 8 21 — —

1,956 l6 2

*5-----

3.695 — 4

40.883 13 4$ 619 19 6

41,503 12 IO§

Hj

00

17,98° — 71

4

Februarit.

15 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Pigott’s An ingrosse^ Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplific ation of the last Wills of

Pigott the elder, late ol Brock ley, in the County of Somer-Jet, Esquire, and of John Esquire, his Son, Evi-

dence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigolt Esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny and Dcfcen- -dants, to take and ule tie Surname and Arms of Pigott only, pursuant to the Will of the said John Pigott the Son, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. IVitford’, Sir James Grant, Mr. , Mr. Fox,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Arundel, Sir John Sir Mr.

Pratt, Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Barrington, Lord Charles Hay, Sir Watkyn IVms. Mr. , Sir

Firebrace, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hop ton, Mr. Mackzcorth, Sir 'Them as Frank land, Mr. Lech mere. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Pitt, Lord Strange, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr Thomas Foley, Mr. Philips, Mr. Chaffin, Sir William Carew, Brigadier , Mr.

Moore, Mr. Southwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, and Cornwall: And

they are to meet this Afrernoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Papmre- Mr. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admira* of Great Britain, presented f°^s' to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of all Applications to the Com mi (Tinners- for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, ftnee the commencement of the present War with Spain, for Cruizers or Convoys, together with what has been . one thereupon respective'y, which has not been already laid before this House, together with a Schedule of the laid Papers.

And the said Schedule was read, and is as tolloweth j viz.

Fi° I. Copy of an Application for a Convoy, to be appointed every Two or Three Months, for the Trade from PortJmou to Lisbon.

2. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for Six

Ships bound to Jamaica.

3. Copy of an Application for Convoy for Five

Ships, bound to Antigua and Christophtrs.

4. Copy of an Application for a Convoy lor a Ship

to Oporto.

5. Copy of an Application from the East India Company, for Convoy for their Ship Montague, and such others as may be at Portsmouth.

6. Copy of an Application for Convoy for a Ship

bound to Viana.

7. Copy of an Application from the East India Company, for a Convoy to Five outward-bound Ships.

8. Copy of an Application for Convoy for a Ship

bound to Oporto.

9. Copy of an Application for Convoy for Two Ships

bound to Oporto.

10. Copy of an Application for Convoy for the Trade

bound to and front Virginia and Maryland.

11. Copy of an Application for Convoy to the Trade

bound to Portugal.

12. Copy of an Application for fonte

Ships, to be convoyed into the Sea.

13. Copy of an Application from the Levant Company, for Convoy for their Ships to and from Turkey.

14. Copy of an Application for Convoy for several

Ships bound to Newfoundland.

13. Copy bf an Application for Ships employed in the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

16. C°py of an Application for Convoy for Ships

employed in the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

17. Copy of an Application for Convoy for the

T rade to and from Carolina.

Vol. 24.

79

18. Copy of an Application for Convoy for Two Ships

bound to Oporto.

19. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for several

Ships bound to Lisbon.

20 Copy of an Application for a Convoy for a Ship bound to Carolina. ax. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for several Ships bound to Lisbon.

2z. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for several Ships, from C/ovellyto Torbay.

23. Copy of an Application for a Convoy to protest

the Iceland Fishery.

24. Copy of an Application for a Convoy to and

from Newfoundland.

25. Copy of an Application for the Newfoundland

Trade to be convoyed an Hundred Leagues out of the Channel.

26. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for Three

Ships bound to Morleaux.

27. Copy of an Application for a Convoy for a Ship

from Dublin to Portsmouth.

28. Copy of an Application for . Three Merchant Ships bound from Morlaix to Virginia, to be convoyed into the Sea.

29. Copy of an Application for Convoy for Three

Ships from Dublin.

30. Copy of an Application for Convoy for several

Ships to and from Dunkirk.

31. Copy of an Application for a Convoy fora Ship

bound to Maryland.

32. Copy of an Application for Convoy for several

Ships bound to Portugal.

33 Copy of an Application for a Ship bound to Virginia, to be convoyed 150 Leagues into the Sea.

34. Copy ol an Application for Convoy for Two Ships

bound to Oporto.

35. Copy of an Application for Convoy for a Ship

bound to Lisbon.

36. Copy of an Application for a Ship to be convoyed

from Gibraltar to England.

37. Copy of an Application for Convoy to the -

giniaand Maryland Trade.

38. Copy of an Application for a Man of War to

protest the Trade at Santa Cruz.

39. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of

Newcastle $ inclosing

A Memorial of the English Merchants at Lif-bon, for Cruizers.

40. Copy of an Application from the Consul and Merchants at Porto, for the Protection of their Trade, and that Coalt.

41. Copy of an Application for Cruizers to protest

the Herring Fishery.

42. Copy of the Representations of several Merchants,

of London, for Cruizers in the Channel.

43. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of

Newcastle, inclosing Copy of a Representation from Lieutenant Governor Bull, of South Carolina, of the Interruption given to the Trade by the -nifhPrivateers.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Chippenham House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, the Election. Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend ^he Service of the House*

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House, according to Older, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Alexander Hume and Thomas Frederick Esquires, complaining ot an undue Eieftion and Return for the Borough of ham, in the County of Wilts.

An

2* Februarii.

8o

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners desired to know, whataffirmative Construction the House would be pleased to make of the Words " Burgesses and Freemen," mentioned in the last Determination of this House, concerning the Right of Electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Paid Borough, the House having determined, that the said Words do not mean only such Burgesses and Freemen as are Inhabitants, Householders of the ancient Houses called Free or Burgage Houses within the said Borough.

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Counsel be now called in, and directed to proceed, according to the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 9th Day of 1624, and according to what this House did resolve on Thursday last, concerning the said Determination.

Part of the Votes of this House of last,

touching the Election for the said Borough was read*

Then the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in, and directed to proceed according to the last Determination of this House, of the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 9th Day of April 1624, and according to what this House did resolve on Thursday last, concerning the said Determination;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas. ]

.. Te>>'*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The.Counsel on both Sides were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution:

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order todifqua-lify several Persons who voted for the Sitting-Members at the said Election, as not being Burgesses Freemen in Possession of ancient. Burgage Houses.

They also examined a Witness.in order to disqualifya Person who voted for the Sitting-Members, as being poflclTed only of Part of an ancient Burgage House that had been split.

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw:

The House was informed. That the Petitioners desire not to proceed in their Contest with the Sitting Members, and will give the House no further Trouble.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Sir Edmund Thomas Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts

Sir Edmund Thomas withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Edmund Thomas Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That Edward Bayntm Rolt Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham-, in the County of Wills-,

Mr. BayntunRolt withdrew.

Resolved, That Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts,

The other Order of the Day being read; ,

Anflruther- Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Major-wester, &c. General Philip And rut her, and of the several other Pet i-Election. tions} complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs ot Anstruthereafter, Pit/enween, Craill, and be heard at the

Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Cunningham, Cemmon-Clerk of the . k Burgh,s of Anstrulher-ivefter,/Instruther-easter, and Kil-

renny, who was ordered to attend this House upon this 20

A. 1741.

Day, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday the 14th Day of December last, for the Hearing at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next, the Matter of the several Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh; and also of the Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bedilcharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Saturday the 6th Day of this instant February.

Ordered, That William Myddelton Esquire, High-Sheriff of the County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, who was ordered to attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Gabriel Lloyd, of Pettus, who was Ordered to attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroiV Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 3® dFebruarii;

Anno 15* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

Praters. 1

/~\R D E R E D, That Thomas Ilales and Thomas fufts Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of tin undue Election and Return for the Borough of Grampouud, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John ChriflophGohl and Huns Ra>(k wieck, with Tome Amendments: To which Amendments, the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Confederation: And the said Amendments were read, 3nd are as follow: viz.

Press 1. L. 5. Leave out " and."

L. 7. After " D" insert " Claude " Paffavant, Son of Ulric Pass by Anna Maria his

" Wife, born at Brazil in: John Phillips

" Fuhr, Son of Anthony Fuhr, by his Wite,

" born at GrunJlad in Germany;John Son of To-

" bias Mlier, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at " in Saxony; Peter Dutens, Son of John Dutens, by " Ester his Wife, born at Pin Tour-,-aim, in the " Kingdom of France; and Francis of

" Peter Lamande, by Glaudine his Wife, born tn the " Town of Privar, in the Province of in

" France."

Pr. 1. L. 17. Leave out " and."

L. 18. After " Barde insert " Paffavant, John Phillipe Fuhr, John Miller, Peter " Dutens, and Francis Lamande."

L. 29. Leave out " and, " and after " Bardewieck" insert " Claude PaffJohn Philip Fuhr, " John Miller, Peter Dutens, and Francis Lamande."

Pr. 2.L. 15. Leave out "and," and after "

" wieck" insert " Claude Paffavant, John Phillipe Fuhr,

" John Miller, Peter Dutens, and Francis Lamande."

L. 24.

a° — 30 Februarii.

Denbigh

tledfcion.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Grampound

Election.

Go hi*. &o. Nat.

too,' I

iifc

vd1

15 Geo. II. 3 0 Febru81

L. 24. Leave out" and, " and after *f Barde- or set aside the aforesaid Grants, therein mentioned to wieck," insert " Claude Pajavant, John Pkillipe Fuhr, have been made to the said Sir Thomas PrendergaJ; but " John Miller, Peter Dutens, and Francis Lamande." that the said Grants are thereby ratified and confirmed:

In the Title of the Bill, Lines. leave out "and;" and That the said Roger O died in or about the

at the End of the Title, add " and others." Year 1689; and the said his Wife survived him.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second and (he died in or about the Year 1732: That the said time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, William O is still living in France, as the Pe*

agreed to by the House. titioner is informed, and without Issue: That the said

Ordered, That Sir James Grant do carry the Bill to the Charles O Shaghnujy died in or about the Year 1726;

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed and the Petitioner is his Son and Heir Male of his Body: to the Amendments made by their Lordships. That Sir Thomas PrendergaJ Baronet, only Son and Heir

of the said Sir Thomas deceased, having, upon

Prendergast’* A Petition of Coleman O Shaghnujy, Gentleman, was hisPetition to the House, obtainedLeaveforthatPuipose,

Mates. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill hath been brought in, intituled, A Bill for explaining

Sir Dermot O Shaghnujy, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, a Clause contained in an Act, made in the 11th and 12th

since deceased, being in his Life-time seised in Fee of Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Ma-County of Galway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, did, on jesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and In-the Intermarriage of his eldest Son Roger O Shaghnujy terefts in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the

with the Honourable Hellen Obrien, Daughter of the then several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several

Lord Viscount Clare, by Articles, dated the 19th of Grants, made by his said Majesty to Sir

October 1667, previous to the said Marriage, agree to gaj Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements,

settle, and, in Performance of the said Articles, by a cer- and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and

tain Deed of Feoffment, dated the 10th Day of September Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed; which

1668, with Livery and Seisin thereupon (the said Mar- said Bill hath been twice read, and ordered to be commit-riage being then had), did settle, convey, and limit, all ted:That the Petitioner, aseldeftSonandHeirMaleof the the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (besides Body of the said Charles O by virtue of the said

other Uses long since determined) to the Use of the said in Part recited Articles and Settlement, apprehends himself Roger O Shaghnujy, for Life, and, after his Decease, to entitled to a Remainder in Tail Male, immediately expec-the LTte of the iaid Hellen, for Life, as to Part of the tant upon the Determination of the forfeited Estate of said Lands, for her Jointure; Remainder, as to all the the said William O Shaghnujy, which laid Remainder,

Lands comprised in the said Settlement, to the Heirs as the Petitioner is advised, never was in the least affected Male of the Bodies of the said Roger and Hellen; Re- by the said Attainders, Letters Patents, or the said Act of mainder to the Heirs Male of the Body of the said B.oger;the nth and 12th Years of his said late Majesty King Remainder to Charles O Shaghnujy, Second Son of the; and representing to the House, that he will.be

laid Sir Dermot, and Father of the Petitioner, and the aggrieved by the said Bill, if the same should pals into a Heirs Male of his Body; with divers Remainders over: Law: And therefore praying, That he may beat Liberty

That the said Roger and Hellen died, leaving William to be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, as the O Shaghnujy, their only Son and Heir: That the said House shall think fit.

Roger O Shaghnujy being attainted of High Treason, on Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-account of the Rebellion in Ireland in the Year 1688, an sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Inquifirion was taken at Galway, the 5th of September committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by his

1696, by virtue of a Commission issued for that Purpose; Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Peti-by which the said Articles and Settlement were found to tion, if he think fit.

have been duly executed, as aforesaid: And it was there- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-by also found, that the said Roger O Shaghnujy was, on mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the the 11th Day of May, in the Third Year of the Reign same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pe-of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, tition. outlawed and attainted for High Treason, by him committed on the 13 th Day of February, in the First Year of A Petition of the Clergy, Gentry, and others of his We.idover, their said Majesties Reign: And by the said Inquisition it Majesty’s Subjects, residing near, and passing through, &C-R°adi* was further found, that the said William was then living, the Highways and Road between Buckingham and -and in Rebellion against his laid late Majesty King Wit-dover, in the County of Bucks, whole Names are there-' Ham the Third, in France: And further setting forth, unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read

That his said late Majesty, by Letters Patents under the setting forth, That, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date some time in the Year his late Majesty King George the First, a temporary Act

1697, granted to Thomas PrendergaJ Esquire, afterwards of Parliament was palfed, intituled, An Act for repair-

Sir Thomas PrendergaJ Baronet (since deceased) and his ing the Road from Wendover to the Town of -

Heirs, the said Lands in the County of Galway, and all in the County of Bucks', which Act is now near ex-

other the real Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, whereof piring; but notwithstanding that the Trustees, appointed the said Roger O Shaghnujy was seised, at the time of the under the said Act, have constantly applied all the Mo-Treason by him committed, or at any time afterwards, nies arising and collected by virtue thereof, in the moll or the said Letters Patents imported a Grant to such Pur- effect ual manner, toward the repairing and amending the pose or Effect: That, by an Act, made in England in the said Road, yet, for want of Stone and Gravel, and other Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his said late Majesty, the substantial Materials, near thereunto, the said Road is not Estates and Interests in Ireland, in the said Act for that yet in any tolerable Repair, nor can polfibly be made so Purpose mentioned, were veiled in Trustees, therein by the Monies to be collected by virtue of the said Act, named, for the Purposes therein mentioned; in which unless the same be continued for some longer Term: And said Act there is a Clause, which (among other things) re- therefore praying the House for a Continuance of the said cites, That, in Consideration of the eminent and faithful Act of Parliament, in such Manner, and for such Time,

Services of Sir Thomas PrendergaJBaronet, his said Majesty as to the House shall seem meet.

was graciously pleased, by One or more Grants, to grant Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-unto the said Sir Thomas PrendergaJ, and his Heirs, divers sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland-, and (among pear to them, to the House:

Other things) enacts, That nothing in the said Act con- And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Sir Cha.

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to avoid Sir Jac, Bouverie, Mr. Sir LyJ'ter Holt, Mr.

Vol. 24. Y Biagrave,

j

84

3° Febrtiarii.

A.

*74*

Members who serve for the Counties of , Middle-/ex, Hertford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

Preservation of Public Roads.

Popham's

Name.

called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1742, with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the

Westminster Bridge and Improvements.

Blagrave, Mr. Prouift, Lord Fermanagh, Ldrd Gage, for want thereof: And therefore praying, That the House Mr. Pilisworth, Mr. Coke, Mr. Clive, Mr. Powney, Sir will take the Premises into Consideration, and nable theta John Rufhout, Mr. Finch, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Stanhope, to pure hale such Houses, Ground, and EfLtes, in St.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Alderman Ewer, Sir Nathanael Margaret's Lane, Westminster, as flia.ll be found necessary Curzon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Shu/tleworth, Mr. Boone, Mr. for them to be possessed of 5 and to grant them such fur-Mellish, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Popham, therSumsof Money, as to the House Ihdl seem meet.

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Earle, Mr. OrThat the said Petition be referred to the Corv Gore, Lord Baltimore, Sir Francis Da/hwood; and all the federation of a Committee; And that they do examine

the Matter thereof} and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Mr.

Pulteney, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Lvfter Holt, Mr. Carew, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord John Murray, Mr. Gibbon, Lord Geo. Sackville, Earl of A A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Eldeand Mr. dlesex, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Pratt, Lord Fere Sawyer: Col. Bladen, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Mr. Speaker, Sandys, Sir Grosvenor, Lord , Sir Charles The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wyndham Mr. Hampden, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Laroche, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Mr. Cotton, Mr. , Mr. Thomas Wynne, Mr. Kent,

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and Mr. Boone, Mr. Buck, Sir Hugh Smith/on, Mr. , Mr. for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Melli/k, Mr. Gore, Earl Lord Limerick, Lord

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Harris, Sir Sir Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. , Mr.;

add all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Suffer: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the publick Hoads in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for land, as obliges Persons, not travelling for Hire, to make Persons, Papers, and Records, use of Waggons with Wheels bound with Streaks or

Tyre of a certain Breadth, or the said Streaks to be A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Kingston fattened with Nails of a certain Size, without any Amend- or Borough of Kingston upon Hull was presented to the upj£j£utI ment: And also, House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Par-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An liament, made in the 9th and icth Years of the Reign Act to enable Alexander Popham Esquire, and his Heirs, of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, accord- An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correc-ing to the Directions of the last Will and Testament of tion, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employ -Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment and Maintenance of the Poor there, the Mayor, Re-ment. corder, and Aldermen, of the said Town, for the Time

And then the Messengers withdrew. being, and Twenty-four other Persons, to be elected by

the Six Wards in the said Town, in Manner as in the said A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge Act is mentioned, were constituted a Corporation to con-across the River Thames, from the City of Wstminster to tinue for ever within the said 1 own, by the Name of the the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was pre- Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the t)f the Poor in the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, who Petitioners are, by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of should have the Care of, and provide lor the Mainte-the Reign of his present Majesty, impowered to make, nance of, all the Poor of the said Town, except as therein design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, is mentioned; and were thereby impowered, from time

to time, to set down, and ascertain, to be raised and levied, as therein is mentioned, what weekly, monthly, or other Sums should be needful for the Maintenance of the Poor within their Care} so that the same did not exceed chafe, such Houses and Ground within certain Limits, by what had been paid in the said Town towards the Main-the said Act prescribed, as they shall find necessary to be tenance of the Poor thereof, in any-one of the Three possessed of for that Purpose: That the Petitioners have Years next before the Making of the said Act: That, by accordingly purchased several Houses and Parcels of one other Act of Parliament, made in the 8th Year of Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid } and are now open- the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An ing and laying out several Ways, Streets, and Passages; Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor in the but apprehend, they could render the Approaches to Town of Kingston upon Hull, the said Corporation was ina-the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Houses powered to assess a further Sum or Sums of Money an-of Parliament, more open and convenient, were they nually, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and enabled to purchase certain Houses, Ground, and Estates, Thirty Pounds per Annum, to be employed for the ffluate in a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, leading from Purposes in the said First Act mentioned: That, by the Old to the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminstereason of the great Increase in the Number of Inha-/ter, which are not comprised within the Limits prescribed bitants in the said Town, since the making the last-by the said former Act: That the Petitioners have made mentioned Act, the Poor thereof is become so nume-a very considerable Progress in building the said Bridge, rous, that the Yearly Sums, which the said Corporation, which is now in great Forwardness, and in discharging by both the said Acts, are impowered to raise, together the several Trusts reposed in them by the Authority of with the other Revenues and Incomes of the said Cor-Parliament; in doing which, they have expended, and poration, are not sufficient to maintain the Poor under engaged by Contraft, the greatest Part of the Monies their Care; and the said Corporation, in supplying their already granted them, notwithstanding the y have 'pro- Neceflaties hitherto, are become greatly indebted: And ceeded with the greatest Care and Frugality; therefore therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a the Petitioners find themselves under an indifpeafableNe- Bill to enable the said Corporation to pay off* their laid cefiity of applying to the House for such further Sums of Debts, and to raise such annual Sum or Sums of Money,

Money, as this House shall judge necessary and proper, asmay be sufficient for the future Maintenance of the Poor that to publick and necessary a Work may not be retarded of the said Town, under the Care of the said Corporation,

23 according

as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and pur-

*5 Geq. II.

y fe&ruflm.

according to the Intention pftfce fejd first-mentioned Act; tad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had and to explain and remedy some Doubts and Difficulties directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to therm which have arisen uj>on several Clauses therein; and for to the House; and ha read the Report in hi? Place j and - — '-'A — fcS- — 1 *L~ r-:j afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'? Table: Where the same was wad; and is as follows*

To prove the Allegations of the ffiid Petition*

The Agent for the Petitioners produced the said Act, of the Thirteenth Year of hi? late Majesty, whereby it appeared, That certain Tolls and Duties were granted for the Term of Twenty Years.

The Agent fbrthe Petitioners also laid before the Corn-

explaining, amending, and making more effectual the said first; above-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Mr-

Hampden, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wilkinson, Si r$qmfs-Hamilton, Air- Yfirke, riiUtfe, an Account of the Money borrowed on the Credit

Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Phillip*,idx.JLae, Mr. of the said Tolls* and also of their Receipts and Dif-

Cook, Mr- Selwyn, Sir Paid Methuen, Mr. Reveft, Mr. burfements whereby it appeared, that the Sum of 587. B/udworth, Mr. Wilson, Sir Thoms Lowther, Sir.. Geo. is still due and owing on the Credit thereof.

Oxenden, Mr. Earle, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Shuttle- Then the Agent for the said Petitioners called, worth. Lord Gage, Lord Charles Hay, Sir Wm.Cour- Mr. who being, examined, laid, That

the several Sums borrowed on ’the Credit of the said

tenay. Sir Jac. Boftverte, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Dr. Butler, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Sir Thomas Drury,

Sir James Grant, Mr, Cunyng Mr. Murray, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Col. Onslow, Mr.. Carter, Earl of Mr. Ha-

milton and all the Members who serve for the Counties

Tolls, have been duly laid out and applied jn repairing the said Roads, according to the Directions of the said Act; notwithstanding which, the said Roads §r# ip a very ruinous Condition;

And further said, That several Frauds are daily cbpj-

of Fork and Lincoln :And they are to meet this After- mitted by Travellers, in taking off Horses from their

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

t)rl.:g

Port.

Papers respecting Minorca.

several Carriages, in order to evade the Payment of the Toll, as by the said Act is directed:

And further laid, That the several Sums of Money coj-lested, together with the Money so borrowed, is not sufficient to discharge the Debt now due, with Interest for the lame, and keep the Roads in sufficient Repair, during the remaining Term, unless the Tern? and Power? by the said Act granted be farther enlarged, and the same made more effectual:

And he also said further. That the Surveyors of several of the Parishes, through which the Roads lead, have refused to give in Lists of the Persons liable to do their re-

Aecmints of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before times of this House, An Account, shewing what Time or Times Ships of War any Qf his Majesty’s Ships of War in Commission have been in the Ports or Harbours of this Kingdom since the lft of October 1739; distinguishing how long they continued in such Ports or Harbours, and the Number of Men borne and muttered on each Ship every Month, respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be pretented to his spective Statute-work, as by the said Act is directed Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for reftions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies enlarging the Term and Powersgranted by an Act, passed of the Commissions of the Governor and Lieutenant- in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Governor of Minorca, and of Fort St. Philip, together George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the with the Instructions to each of them. Roads leading from the Town of to the

Resolved, That an humble Address be pretented to his Town of Dudley, in the County of and from

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of -

reftions, that there may belaid before this House, A Copy ham, in the County of so far as the said Act

of the Powers with which the Commanding Officer of the relates to repairing the Roads from the Town of Dud-Troops in Minorca, is intruded, in the Absence of the ley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Governor, the Lieutenant-Governor, and the Governor and for making the same more effectual: And

of Fort St. Philip. that Mr. Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Pytts, and

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to his Mr. Lyttelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, /hewing how long each Regiment, now in Garrison in Minorca, has been in that Island; and that a Copy, or Copies, of any Application or Applications, if any have been made, for the Relief of any of the said Regiments, be also laid hefore this House. __

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peer?.

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council. to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended private Bills be enlarged, until Monday the 15th Day of his Majesty in the House of Peers where his Majesty was March next. pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick

and private Bills following j viz.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called subscribed, for repairing the Roads leading from Dudley, England and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties-through the Market-Town of Hales Owen, to the Town upon Malt, Mufti, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, being Part Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act, passed in 174a:

the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Prefer-Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town vation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain of Dudley, in the County of Wncester, and from the said called England, as obliges Persons, not travelling for Hire, Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the to make use of Waggons with Wheels bound with Streaks County of Warwick, was referred, That the Committee or Tire of a certain Breadth, or the hud.Streaks to be Von. 24. fattened with Nails of a. certain Siae:

An

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.' Committees.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Af-Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: fentto Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House attend

Private Bills.

Bromsgrove

Roads.

84 3* — 18° Februarii. 1741.

An Act to enable Alexander Popham Esquire, and his Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Lufcombe, accord- Shore, in the County of Surrey, is referred, ing to the Di rest ions of the last Will and Testament of Ordered, That the Contrafts, made by the Commis-Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceased: sioners of Westminster Bridge, from 19 November 1740,

An Act for naturalizing John Christoph Gobi, Hans to 18th 1741, both inclusive, be referred to the

Bardewieck, and others. laid Committee.

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chancellor signified Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the his Majesty’s Pleasure, that both Houses of Parliament Commissioners of Bridge, from 29th Sep-

should severally adjourn themselves until Thursday the tember 1740, to 29th 1741, be referred to the

18th Day of this instant February. said Committee.

And the House accordingly adjourned until Thurs- Mr. , from the Commissioners for executing papers K. day the 18th Day of this instant February, Nine of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , pre- spefting

the Clock in the Morning.

Rye Writ.

Jovis, 18* die Februarii;

Anno 15* Georgii IP* Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing ofa Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of in the Room of Phillips Gybbon Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Ma- ConT°y* jesty. Copies of all Complaints, which have been made, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, against, or relating to, the Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, for leaving the Trade under their Convoy, or the Station in which they were appointed to cruize; or for the impressing of Seamen out of any outward bound Ships, after their leaving their Port of Clearance, or any homeward-bound Ships, before they arrived at the Port for delivering of their Cargo; and for any other Mitbehaviour or Injury done by them to the Navigation of this Kingdom; and what has been done thereupon, respectively: And he also pre- lented to the House, A Schedule of the said Papers:

And the said Schedule was read; and is as follows;

viz. N* 1

King’s Lynn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Borough of King’s in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, now Earl of Orford, called up to the House of Peers.

Worcester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to: Election. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, in the room of Samuel Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Offices of Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Boucher's

Nau

A Petition of John 'Boucher was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That L.ave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Humphrey Howartk and Sir John Ramsden do prepare, and bringin, the Came.

Paper re- Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and spefting t«- Plantations, presented to the House, A Report from the pttenng ot Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in pursuance of 00 " the Address of this House to his Majesty, of the 5th of March last, to direct the said Commissioners, during the Recess of Parliament, to prepare a Scheme for the registering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before the House the next Session of Parliament.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be petufed by the Members of the House.

Westminster Bridge and Improvements.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 19th November 1740, to 18th' November 1741, both inclusive, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge croft the River

Copy of aLetter from hisGrace the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the nth January 1739; ind iting Copy of an Application from the Fac-

tory at Lisbon, wherein Complaint is made against Captain Ambrose.

2. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to his Grace the Duke of Nezv-castle, dated the \l\\i January 1759.

3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Mr. Burchett,

diated the 15th January 1739.

4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Honourable Mr. Compton, Consul-General at Lisbon, dated the 15th January 1739.

5. Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Mr.

Compton, Consul General at Lisbon, to Mr. Burchett, dated the 19th February 1740.

6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Mr. Burchett,

dated the 17th January 1739.

7. Copy of a Minute taken at the Board of Admi-

ralty, 17th January 1739.

8. Copy of au Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Ambrose, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship Greyhound, at Lisbon, dated 20th January 1739.

9. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, dated the 20th January 1739-

10. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Haddock, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, dated the 23d January 1739. u. Copy of a Minute taken at the Board ot Admiralty, the 2ad January 1739.

1 a. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Honourable Nit. Compton, Consul-General at Lisbon, dated the 22d January 1739.

13. Copy of a letter f.om Mr. Burchett toMeff.

Butler, Chitty, Burdett, Bursfteld, and

Lambert, dated the nth July 1740.

14. Copy of a Letter from Meffi ,*

Chitty, &c. to Mr. Burcdated the 16th July 1740.

15. Copy of aLetter from Mr. Burchett to Mess.

Lambert, Bursfield, Burdett, and dated

the 18th July 1740.

16. Copy

15 G EO. II. 180, Februariu 8$

16. Copy of a Minute taken at a Board of Admiralty, Or, That Leave be givert to bring lti a Bill ac-

the 2^d July 1740. cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

17. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners Mr. and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

of the Admiralty to John Balchen Esquire, Vice- the fame.

Admiral of the lied, dated the 28th July 1740.

18. Minutes and Result of a Court Martial, held on Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to Rolfe’#

board his Majesty’s Ship Russel at Spithead, 5th Order, a Bill to enable Esquire, and his Heirs, Name.

August 1740. to take and use the Surname and Arms of ac-

19. Reprel'entat ions of several Lisbon Merchants in fa- cording to the Direction of the last Will and Testament

your of Captain Ambrose, dated the 31st Decern- of Sir Robert Walter Baronet, deceased: And the same her 1739. was received; and read the First time.

20. Copy of a Complaint of the Portugal Merchants Rej, That the Bill be read a Second time.

against Captain 'Trefufis, of his Majesty’s Ship

the Weymouth, dated the 20th March 1739. Ord, That an Account be laid before this House, Wdlmiofier 1. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain shewing how the Money granted iaft Session of Parlia- Collegiate Trefufis, in Town, dated 20th March 1739. ment towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate <\urcl'

12. Copy of a Letter from Captain Trefufis, of his Church ot St. Peter Westminster, and to enable the Dean

Majesty’s Ship Weymouth, to Mr. Burchett, dated and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase the 22d March 1739, in Answer to a Com- Three Leasehold Houses, then (landing on the North plaint of the Portugal Merchants. Side of the said Church, and to pull down the fame, in

23. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Com- order to lay open the whole North Side of the (kid mittee of the Portugal Merchants, dated the 25th Church, has been disposed of.

March 1740.

24. Copy of a Minute taken at a Board of Admiralty,

the ill May 1740.

25. Copy of a Petition from the Owners and Proprie-

tors of the Eleanor Brigantine, and its Cargo, and the Insurers thereof, complaining of Captain Lee.

26. Copy of a Minute taken at a Board of Admiralty,

the 6th August 1740.

27. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Mr. Bance, dated the 2 2d Augift 1740.

28. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mr.

dated the ath September x 740, at Challew.

29. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to John

Bance Esquire, dated jth September 1740.

30. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated the 8th September x 740. x

31. Copy of a Letter from the Honourable Captafn

Lee, of his Majesty’s Ship the Pembroke, dated in Port Mahon Harbour, the 6th November 1740, to Rear-Admiral Haddock.

32. Copy of a Letter from Mr Corbett to the Navy-

Board, dated the 30th December 1741.

33. Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the

Navy to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 4th January 1741.

34. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Captain

Warren, dated the 6th January 1741.

35. Copy of a Letter from Captain Warren, of his Majesty’s Ship the Squirrel, to Mr. , dated the 8th January 1741.

36. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to the Navy-

Board, dated the 9th January 1741.

37. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Wm. Baker to Mr. f Corbett, dated the ift May 1741.

38. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners

or the Admiralty to the Commander of any Sloop or Tender at Dartmouth, dated the ad AJay 1741.

39. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Richard Martin to the

Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 7th 1741.

40. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Limebvrner, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Torrington, 9th October 1741.

The laid Papers arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

A Petition of Isaac Nicholas and Michael

Henry Duque'ruy was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given td bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That James Buller Esquire have Leave to go leave of into the Country, upon Account of the Indifpofxtion of Absence. his Lady.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-, Annoyance ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °/

House, to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms, and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to >n<l Mean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Major- Anstruther General Philip Anjtfuther, and of the several other Pe- Wester, titions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for Mectioa. the District of Burghs of Anstruther Westet, Anjtrulher Easter, Pe/teniveen, Craill, and Kilrenny, be heard at the

Bar of this House, upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Cunningham, Common Clerk of the Burghs of Anstruther Wester, Anstruther Easter, and Kilrenny, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions of Denbigh the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- E!e£ion; feribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh, and allb of the Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, severally complainirtg of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That William Myddelton Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Denbigh at the lall Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Gabriel Lloyd, of Petlus, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Alonday Morning next, with the Return for the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Algernoon fietfoa 1

Earl of Mountrath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and fcleftioa.

George Berkeley Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York, be heard at the Bar of this House, upoq Thursday the 4th Day of March next.

Z Resolved,

86

18° — r 9°

A.

1741

Officers8! Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

tneHouiT of n,ght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Commons, upon the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Cardigan

Election.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petitions of those, whose Names are subscribed, being several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders,

same.

Eveftiam

Wiii.

Northampton

Wiit.

ClauseTA.] Provided always, and it is hereby dedared. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or " be construed to extend, to hurt or prejudice such Right " or Title as any Person or Persons hath or have, or may " have or claim, of, in, or to, the said Manors, Lands,

" or Premisses, in the Counties of Oxford or Bucks, or " elsewhere, or any Part thereof, mentioned or described " in the last \Arill and Testament of the said Lieutenant General James deceased."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, of the County of Cardigan, to and on behalf of them- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, selves, and others the Freeholders of the same County;

and also of the Petition of Thomas Powell, of Nantees, in A Petition of Piercy Wyndham Esquire was presented WyndhamV

the County of Cardigan, Esquire; severally complaining to the House, and read; setting forth, that Henry Earl of

of an undue Election and Return for the County of Car- Thomond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Viscount Tad-

digan; next after the Hearing of the Matter of the Pe- caster in this Kingdom, deceased, by his last Will and

tition of Charles Cotes Esquire, complaining of an undue Testament, bearing Date on or about the 14th Day of

Election and Return for the Borough of Tamworth, in October 1738, did give and devise all his Estates, Ma-

the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, nors. Lands, and Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof he

was then seised, or to which he was either legally or

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the equitably intitled, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder,

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the or Expectancy, in Great Britain or Ireland, to certain

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, upon Trust, that

for the-Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, they, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs, should

in the room of Sir John Rushout Baronet, who, since his (after having raised Money for Payment of the Tettator’s

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office Debts and Legacies, either by Sale of a competent Part

of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of of the said Premisses, or by the Rents of the Whole) by

Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer. sufficient Conveyances and Assurances in the Law, settle

/\ j j tu »/r c 1 , -ir. ,v, , and convey so much of the Premisses, as should remain

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to f , u . 1/f

r, , . ,ir t unfold, to the Use of the Honourable

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, lor the , . n, . /c . u

n.' c0 r l s c.. w V Esquire, commonly called Lord (Son and Heir

Efcaing of a Borgefs to ferva in this present Parliament J of the Ea>rl of InlU h) for hiVs Life, ,ithout

for the rowo of Ncrlhmpim in the Count, of Smh- h of Watte. Remainder to certain Trustees.

mpm, in the rc»m of the Honourable ftw Cornpm £ d; f h Co’ and th<.ir Heirs duli,g

Esquire, who, fina his Election for the said lown, hath ,. . r t> , r>__________

H\ mec r\ cr>ir c Ins Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder

°®" off°" i the &mm,(r.oners for to the use of the First and every other Son of the Bod,

executing the Office of Treasurer of Im Majesty s Ex- f h 0M in Tail Male General'

chequer. -v . ..... /-

I-to

I ,;|d

Stoke

Goldington

Roadi.

and, for Default of such Issue, to the Petitioner, for his _ .,« Life, without Impeachment of Waste; the Petitioner

j^r" ^ry\\>,je P^edto Caccording to taking and continuing the Surname of Obrien; Remain-

der to Trustees, and their Heirs, to preserve contingent

Petitioners First and

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horse-shoe in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse-shoe House: And the same was received; and lead the First time.

Refohed. That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Cottrell's

Name.

Remainders; Remainder to the every other Son, successively, in Tail Male General; the Petitioner’s Sons, and their respective Heirs Males, always taking upon them, and continuing, the Sulname of Obrien; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Petitioner’s Right Heirs for ever *, they, and if Female or Females, such Husband or Husbands as they shall respectively marry, always taking upon them, and continuing, the Surname of Obrien: That the said Earl Thomondd\ed without revoking or altering his said Will; and the said Lord Obrien being since also dead, leaving r.o issue, the Petitioner became intitled to, and is pol-sessed of, the said Estates so limited to him, and his Issue, by the said Will; and, in Gratitude to the Tef-tator, is desirous that the Surname of Obrien may be confirmed on him, and his Heirs Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him and his Heirs Male to take and use the Surname of Obrien, according to the Direction of the last Will of Henry late Earl of 7 homond, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Viscount Tadcaster, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ac-

Veneris, 19* die Februarii *,

Anno 15* Georgii IIdl Reps, 1741.

Px-AYIRS.

THE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to enable Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and other the Devisees of the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take and use the Surname cording to the Prayer of the Taid PetitionT And that Sir of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Pury Charles Wyndham, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr. Winford, do port of the Will of the said James Dormer, was commit- prepare, and bring in, the fame, ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegation* of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth j vix.

At the End of the Bill, add CUufe A.

16

1^ \'M

Mr. Laroche presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'rny, and Michael Henry Duque'ruy: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

DiMne’niy*

Nat.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their fe- to

veral Adresscs, of the 3d Day of this instant had Adresse,

been.

1

fcirl Morton's B(tare of Orkney.

*5 Geo. IL 19 ° Februar87

been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Talbot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dissolving and disannexing from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney and Lordship of Zetland, and for veiling the same irredeemably in James Earl of Morton, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, Jiis Heirs or Successors, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

house, below Brandon Ferry aforesaid, or in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , CoL Townjhenj.

Col. Mordaunt, Mr. Co/brooke, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Carew, Lord Sid. Beau clerk, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. Grant, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Pelham,

Col. Norton, Lord Dupplin, Lord Eufion, Col.

Sir Jer. Dovers, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Proby, Mr. Turner, Sir Henry

Lyddel, Lord Barrington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tower, Sir Miles Stapylten, Mr. Lechmere; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

R-mdon A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common-

hsvigation. alfy, of the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Two-and-Twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivers called B and the Mayor, , Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh of

and their Successors, or any others, upon their Refusal, should and might have full Power to make the said River of Brandon navigable from a Place called the Beneath Brandon Ferry, to Thetford aforesaid; and, for enabling the Undertakers to defray their Charges, they were thereby enabled to demand and take such Toll or Rate for the Carriage of Coals, and other Goods therein mentioned, between the said Towns of Thetford and Brandon Ferry, as the Commissioners in that Ad named (houkl appoint: That, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the Right Honourable the late Lord Arlington did undertake and finish the said Navigation: That the Petitioners, as Assignees of her late Grace the Duchess Dowager of Grafton, foie Daughter and Heir of the said Lord Arlington, have constantly, at their own Costs and Charges, maintained and kept, up the fame; and though the Town of Brandon has an equal, if not the greatest, Benefit by the said Undertaking, yet they contribute nothing towards keeping up the fame, since the Toll or Rate, appointed by that Ad, is payable only for Goods passing between Brandon Ferry and Thetforil, when the Petitioners are obliged to support the Navigation from Thetford to the said Place called the which is

Five Miles at least below Brandon Ferry: Thar, by Length of Time, and other Accidents, the Navigation of the said River is greatly damaged, and in Danger of becoming useless, although the Petitioners, within these Thirty Years last pad, have expended considerable Sums of Money, in order to preserve the fame: That the Petitioners are advised, that it is necessary for Two new large Sluices to be creded or built, and one of them to be placed between Brandon Ferry and aforesaid; which,

with other necessary Repairs, will be so great a Charge to them, that they are not anle to go through with, unless the Tolls or Rates for Carriage of Goods be extended below Brandon Ferry to IVkite house aforesaid; and as the Town of Brandon has an equal, if not a superior, Benefit with the Town of Thetford by the said Navigation, it is hoped they shall contribute towards making the same more effectual, by paying some Toll or Rate for all Goods pairing between Btandon and the Place called the Whitehouse aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the maintaining and supporting the Navigation of the said River; and that the present Tolls may be extended from Thetford down to the -Vol. 24.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cullampton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Exportation of unrnanufactured Wool, tire Decay of their Trade, and the Calamities of their Poor; the Payments for whose better Subsistence have, for these Six Years last past, increased from Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound to Six Shillings and Six Pence: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to commiserate their Condition, and think of some Remedy for their unhappy Circumstances, before the End of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition;

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for Trade ancf Plantations, in pursuance of the Address of this House to his. Majesty, of the 5th of March last, to direct the said Commissioners, during the Recess of Parliament, to prepare a. Scheme for the registering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before the House the next Session of Parliament, be printed.;

Sir Humphrey Howarth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jo/ur Bmcker r And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Sepood time-

The Order of the Day being read, far the Hooft to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot raised in America, for the Service in the West Indies, for the Year 1742, be- referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into' the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, Tha they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di- retted

fixportarlo'tf of Wool:

ftegiflerirtg ot Wool*

Boucher1!*

Ntt.

Supply*

Ways and Means.

Anstruther Wetter, &c. Election.

Aberdeen, kc Election.

Account of Men borne on Ships Mutters.

Cottrell’s

Name.

88

190 — 2 2°. Februarii. 1741.

rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refofoed, T\\2it this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Major-General Philip Anjlruther be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Anstruther Wester, Anstruther Easter, Pittenween, Craill, and Kilrcnny.

Ordered, That the several other Persons, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said District of Burghs, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Orders for hearing the Matter of the said Petitions at the Bar of this House be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the Attendance of John Cunningham, Common Clerk of the Burghs of Anstruther Wester, Anstruther Eastei, and Kil-renny, be discharged.

Ordered, That Alexander Udney Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Aberdeen} Inverbervie, Montrose, Aberbrothock, and Brechin.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Account of House, An Account of all Woollen Goods exported from Great Britain, and to and from what Ports, from Christ- cd* x

mas 1715, to Christmas 1741; distinguishing each Year, with the Value thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Wool, frc. House, An Account of all Wool and Woollen Yarn im- imported, ported from Ireland into Great Britain, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 17415 distinguishing each Year.

A Bill to enable John Rolle Esquire, and his Heirs, to Rolle’* take and use the Surname and Arms of Walter, according ^amc* to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert Walter Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whitchcoty Sir John Chester,

Mr. Clive, Sir Wm. Corbett, Lord Guernsey, Mr. WigJey,

Sir Charles Mordawit, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Torke, Lord Dupplin, Lord Sidney Beau clerk. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Philips, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Ranjden, Mr.

Portman, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Lewis, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Bance, Mr.

Mellijk; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Exportation the principal Inhabitants, Serge-makers, and other Per of WodL fons concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Borough and Town of Taunton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom 1 it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cul-lompton, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Luna, 220 die

Anno 150 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

OHN Boucher took the Oaths appointed, in order to J his Naturalisation.

Mr. Phtllipfon, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Men borne and muttered, as it appeared at their several Mullers, from the 25th March 1739, *° the 31st December 1741, on board any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels in Commission during that Period of Time; distinguishing where such Ships and Vessels were at the time of such Muller; together with the Complements of the said Ships or Vessels for the said Time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and other the Devisees jof the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the Will of the said James Dormer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Matter-Clothiers, and WooSm others, Inhabitants of the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the Trad* County of SomerJel, vi2& presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Woollen Manufacture, which hath, for a long Series of Years, been esteemed the Staple Trade of this Nation, hath, by Experience, been found to be the Source of our Wealth and Power, as well as to yield a comfortable Support to vail Multitudes of our Poor; and that, notwithstanding the Vigilance and Attention of the Legislature to guard against all Irregularities, which might arise in this Trade, and to protest and encourage this useful Manufacture, by good Laws, several great Abuses have been of late introduced, to the great Loss of our national Trade, Injury of the Poor, and Distress of the Fabricators, or Master-Clothiers, whereby the Trade is in a languishing Condition; which, if not timely remedied, may have very pernicious Consequences, and end in the Ruin of the Manufacture, sinking the Value of the Lands, Loss of great Part of our Commerce, and the Dcllruftion of our Country: That, among the many Abuses which have crept into the Trade, the Petitioners apprehend the illicit and destructive Licence many Persons have taken of late Years to set up the Trade, and exercise the Art and Mystery, of Mallei -Clothier, without having either served a lawful Apprenticeship to the fame, or having a proper Skill in the Manufacture, and oftentimes without having any S ub-stance or sufficient Stock to carry it on, have been the great Source and Spring of these Calamities and Miffortunes: And further representing, Thar those Men of little Skill, and low Fortunes, who have engaged in the;

Trade, whick.requires a large Stock, have Ibmetimes

paid

74*-

3 which fence of

)re this "d from Christ* >' Year,

>*e tlas irn im-vijlmas ar.

‘irs, to Jrding >ir Rq. me.

W*.

'hdflei\

» - Mr. Robert f, Sir Mr. or of Mr. tnties ‘e ro leer’s

*fe,

Per

Bo.

>use,

>ilen

'on*

iom

en,

2a/-

re-

ad

:he

d;

de

be

Id

r;

of

li

it

s

s

15 Geo. M

Februarii.

Accou,

ss

pouti

,fapW4

Xist

Woollen

Trade.

Eipofl* of W4

Earl Morton's Eft ate of Orkney.

Wo*

T*

Supply.

paid the Poor in Truck, in lieu of Money, and used other oppressive Methods, which have given Pretence to them to raise Tumults, and disturb the Peace of the Country: And that the Petitioners apprehend, that many further Proofs of Distress*s, Injustice, and Abuse, might be given (to prevent which the Laws now in being have, in feme measure, proved ineffectual): And therefore praying, That Leave may be giv£n to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of the Clot.hing-T.rade, and that they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shalt stem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it i$ referred to Consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, was presented to the House. and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill for dissolving and disannexing from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland; and for veiling the same irredeemably in James Earl of Morton, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dissolving, and disannexing from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordshippf Zetland; and for veiling the same irredeemably in James Earl of Morton, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors.

Ordered, That Mr. Talbot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do report the Resolutions ordered to be reported this Day to the House, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster~Hally the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And he being returned;

Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed to be reported to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services (including Two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-three Invalids), amounting to Thirty-five thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding One million and Four thousand Nine hundred and Forty-seven Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Voi. 24.

said Thirty-five thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other Services, in Great Britain, West Indies, Guernsey, and Jersey'y for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines (Commission and Non-Commissioni Officers included); employed for the Year 1741, be continued for the Service of the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1742.

Resolved, Thajt it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining a Regiment of Foot raised in America, for the Service in the West Indies, for the Year 1742.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punifiling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: and that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Monjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and, Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr..Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed hirri to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Scrope also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Thar this House will upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being reach;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh; and also of the Petition of Sir Wat-kin Williams Wynn Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 1735 (for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of: Votes, for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons), was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And the original Poll taken at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, being produced;

A a They

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways and Means.

Denbigh

Election.

5°

12° — 2 3° Februarii.

A 1741

They examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove, that the Sheriff* of* the said County was guilty of great Partiality in favour of the Sitting-Member, by obliterating and interlining an Assess-ruent of the Land Tax, for the Year 1740, in which John Jones was rated for his Freehold, and afterwards sbjefting to his Vote at the said Election,'for not being rated for the said Freehold, by unnecessarily protracting the Poll, by objecting to the Votes, of many Freeholers, on account of Non-Residence within the said County, by querving the Votes of several Freeholders, who voted for the Petitioner Sir Watkin Williams\ Wynn Baronet, and admitting, without a Query, the Votes of several Freeholders, who voted for the Sitting-Member, though iiable to the same Objections, by querying many Votes upon Suggestion only, and some by private Direction to his Under-Sheriff, by declaring, at the Clole of the Poll, what Majority appeared for the said Petitioner, and delivering to each Candidate a paper containing the Numbers of their respective Voters; and also, when a Scrutiny was demanded on behalf of the Sitting-Member, refusing to grant it, because the whole Election had been a Scrutiny; yet, when a Return of the said Petitioner was demanded, refusing then to make it, on Pretence of Fatigue, and of his Doubt concerning the Objection of Non-Residence;and adjourning the County-Court to a certain Time and Place, with Promises to do the said Petitioner Justice, when he had looked into his Notes, and to give him Notice of the Return *, yet afterwards, before the Day of Adjournment, privately, and without such No-

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned t ill To-morcow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart IS) 2 30 die Februarii j

Anno 150 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1,741..;

Prayers.

J St A AC Nicholas Duque'ruy and Michael Henry DuquPruy took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrofil-d Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last YViils of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley, in the county of '60* merfet, Esquire, and of John Pigott Esquire,* his Son, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland \ and to enable John Biggs Pigott Esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny and De-kendants, to take and ule the Surname and Arms‘of Pigott only, pursuant to the Will of the said John Pigott the Son, was committed; That the Committee had cx-tice, making a Return of the Sitting-Member, though, if amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme all the queried Votes on both Sides had been disallowed, to be true; and that the Committee had ciirested him to

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for naturalizing John Boucher was read a Second time.

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to Sir Hum. Howarthy Mr. Hariis, Sir James Gra?ity Lord Palmerston, Lord Perceval, Lord Fermanangh, Nix. White, Mr. Dig by. Lord Slrangey Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Cordel Firebracey Dr. Buttery Mr. Boone, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Winfdrd, Mr. Wat-

Commirtee. of Pi ivilegeg.

the said Petitioner had a considerable Majority

Then the total Numbers of the Voters for each Candidate, contained in the said original Poll, being read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, touching a Demand of a Copy of the said Poll from the said Sheriff, after the Return was by him so made; and also in order to prove, that the Names of many Voters, now appearing to be marked in the original Poll, with the*Letter D, as a Mark of Disallowance, were not at the Time of the Demand of such Copy, so marked; and that the Copy of the Poll delivered to an Agent of the Petitioner, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, varies Jon, Lord Dupplin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Onslow,

from the Original; and that, upon the Face of the Poll, many Voters for the said Petitioner, now appear to be marked D, who were not queried.

And having examined Witnesses, in order to prove, that the said Petitioner had a Majority of Votes upon every Computation, that could be made in behalf of the Si tting- Member;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness as to a Declaration made by the said Sheriff, that by the said Mark D, he only meant doubtful, ordifputed Votes.

And they also examined a Witness in order to prove, that many Voters, whose Names appear now to be marked in the original Poll with the Letter D, were, upon Proof of their Title at the said Election, to the Satisfaction of the said Sheriff, by him admitted to vote without a Query.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Pigott'*

Wills.

Boucher’i

Nat.

Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Bance, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Plumptree, Mr.

Page, Mr. Hay, Mr. Torke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Wright,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gwyh, Lord Charles Hay,

Lord Inchiquin, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Packer, Mf*.

Pitt: And they are to *meet this Afternoon at Five oY the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable-Sir Clement Cottrell Knight, and other the Devisees of ' the real Estate of Lieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the Will of the said James Dormer: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Enrl o(

Cottrell’*

Name.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agree- Godolphin, il

r 1 t» . r. 1 r 1 i’* r i i _ _ r j _ l .1 t» . G Rtc Flint*.

the several Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh; and also of the Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be adjourned £jll Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That William Myddelton Esquire, High-Sheriff of the County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Gabriel Lloyd, of Pcttus, do attend this JHL^fc Tomorrow Morning.

ment, and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable &c‘ Estate‘ Francis Earl of Godolphin and the Dean and Chapter of j

Ely, for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-Ground, in the County of Cambridge; and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Cpncurrence of this House*:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Mam-yelling the settled Estate of Henry Lord Montfort, in the fort’» E!Utt' County of Womsler, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to lay out apd apply the Money arising by such

Sale,

Dlgi,2ad

T' tfor.llcn Trade.

Ditto.

Lord Mont-so.-t's Estate.

St. Catherine Coleman Church.

Duque’ruy’s

Nat.

Ways and Means.

i c Geo. II. 23 ° Februarii,'.9

Sale, in the Purchaseof Lands and hereditaments in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or otieof them: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the -Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgestes, Merchants, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnfiaple, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Manufacturers, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and Places adjacent;

Were levetaily presented to the House, and read; complaining-of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, arising, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the clandestine running of Wool to France: and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered -to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

An ingrossed Bill from the' Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Elfate of Henry Lord Mont fort, in the County of Worcsfier, in Ifrudees, in Trud, to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or one of them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bance, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Philips, Mr. Carew, Mr. White, Mr. Hume Campbell, and Lord Strange, be added to - the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees ’appointed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of the Parish. of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fencharch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, is referred.

A Bill for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and Michael Henry Duque'ruy, was l ead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot. Sir Hum. Hoivarth, Mr! Laroche, Mr. Legg, Lord Guerrtfey, Lord Dupplin, Sir 7homes Cave, Mr. Wigley, Mr.'Mellish, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Ranee, Lord Perceval, Lord Barrington* Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Cernewall\ Dr. Butler, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.’ Fyner, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Hamilton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Trevor, Sir Edmund Iff am. Sir John Chapman, Mr. Torke, Mr. Carew, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Powney, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Master, Mr. Rowney, Sir William Carew, Mr. Winford, Mr. Coke, the Lord Mayor of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there belfitied and applied the Sum of One Million, out of Inch Monies as have arifon, or shall or may aril’e, of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Ilesolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

VOL, 24.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Scrope Mr. Legge, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adb for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable’ Francis Earl of Godolphin and the Dean and Chapter of Ely, for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-Ground, in the County of Cambridge and for rendering the same Agreement ntioned, wa more effectual, for the Purposes therein me read the First: time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

" , .;

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions-,' of the several Persons," whole Names are thereunto subscribvd, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh; and also of the Petition of Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County.

And the Counsel'were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to acquit the Sheriff of the said County of the Partiality charged upon him, and to justify the Return by him made.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard by way of Reply:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And William Myddelton Esquire/High Sheriff of the County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for* the said County, attending according to Order, and desiring to be called in, and to be admitted to be heard;

He was called in* and heard:

And-then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Denbigh, the Majority of the Voters received upon the Poll was for the Petitioner Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet} and was io declared by the High Sheriff, at the Closeof the Poll,.and no Alteration was made in the said^ Poll, until after the High Sheriff had made a Return of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put That John Myddelton Esquire is duly returned; a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the Coun ty of Denbigh;

It pa{fed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proppfed , That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh;

The Petitioner Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, being elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Montgomerywas heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolutions:

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House, That the House having come to the laidRefolu-tions, they had nothing further to oiler, unless the Counsel for the Sitting-Member had any thing further to say:

And one of the Counsel for the Sitting-Member acquainted the House, that he and the other Counsel for th£ Sitting-Member, were instructed as to the.vMcrits, of the Election, but came this Day to justify the’ Return upon

what

Earl Gotloli phin’s, &e. filiate.

Denbigh

Election,

92

2 3° — 240 Februarii.

A. 1741

Denbigh

Election.

Ditto — the High Sheriff commuted.

Addrefi for removing him from hit Officei.

what passed in the House Yesterday* upon hearing the Matter of the said Petitions, and had no further Instructions as to the Merits of the Election at present, the Sitting-Member being dangerously ill, and his Counsel having no Access to him, nor any Instructions to give up the Merits of the Ele<5lion:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do amend the Return for the County of Denbigh, by rafing out the Name of John Myddelton, of Chirk CaJHe Esquire, and inserting, instead thereof, the Name of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet.

And the Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order,. with the Return for the County of Denbigh, amended the said Return.

Kejolved, That William Myddelton Esquire, High-Sheriff of the County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve icr Parliament for the said County, having taken upon himself to return John Myddelton Esquire, as Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by him upon the Poll, and to his own Declaration of the Numbers at the Close of the Poll, without any publick subsequent Examination Into the Rights of the Voters, previous to such Return; and having afterwards presumed to alter the said Poll, in order to give a Colour to such Return, has acted partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, in Defiance of the Laws, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders of the said County, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said William Myddelton Esquire be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions for removing the said William Myddelton Esquire, from being Receiver-General of the Land-Revenue ir> North Wales', and also from being one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Denbigh, and for die County of Flint.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Denbigh; and also of the Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Wynn Baronet, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County; be discharged.

Ordered, That John Myddelton Esquire, be at Liberty to Petition this House, touching the Election for the County of Denbigh, within Fourteen Days next, if be thinks fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Britishi Prisoners in Spain.

of St. Peter Westminster, and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Three Leasehold Houses, then (landing on the North Side of the said Church, and to pull down the fame, in order to -lay open the whole North Side of the said Church, hath been disposed of:

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers, of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hills, one of the Commissioners for sick and wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners of War, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Copies of the Returns, which have been received since the Commencement of the present War, from such Persons as are, or have been, impowered to pay his Majesty’s Bounty to the British) Subjects, Prisoners in the Ports of Spain, in Europe, distingunliing the Number of Men paid each Month, and what Ships, or VefiTefs, they belonged to when taken by the Spaniards, respectively, so far as the said Returns will admit thereof: And also,

An Account, shewing the Number of Men who have Account of been put sick on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships, into Sick Seamen, the Hospitals of this Kingdom, from the ift of January 1740, to the 31 ft of December 3741; distinguishing how many died, were returned on board the Ships again, riia away, or were otherwise disposed of, after they had been so put on Shore:

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Account were read.

The said Copies and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mercurii* 240 die Februarii;

Anno ij* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

, Prayers.

Committee*. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

SVestminster The House being informed that Mr. Davies, from

Collegiate the Dealt and Chapter of Westminster, attended at the Chureb- Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards the repairing and finiftring the Collegiate Church

Oldered. That the Earl of Barrymore, the Earl of In chiquin. Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. James Shuttleworth, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Crew, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cholmondel'ey, Sir Hum. How art h, Mr. Winford, Mr. Foley, Lord Strange, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Legh Masters; be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining a Clause, contained in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign' of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited, and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty, to Sir Thomas Prendergajl Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland^ were ratified and confiritled, is committed.:

Prendergast'i

K(Ute.

Kiorofi

Election.

Ordered, That Alexander Bruce, of Kennet, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an Undue Election and Return for the Shire of Kinross.

Ordered, That the Committee of Priyileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act PigottWifli. for making the Exemplification of the last Wills of John Pigott the Elder, late of Brockley, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, and of John Pigott Esquire, his Son, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain, and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott Esquire]

formerly

15 Geo. IL 24s — 25 95

formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny and Defendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pigotl \ only, pursuant to the Will of the said John Pigott the -Son, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prozvfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Penryn Ordered, That John Clavering Esquire, and the Right Eleihon. Honourable Sir John Campbell, Knight of the Bath, commonly called Lord Viscount Glenorchy, beat Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borojugh of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply Bill; Mr. Scrope presented to the House, according to Or-Su.king der, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out

Fund. of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year

1742: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

East Retford Ordered, That the Instruction given to the Committee Election. of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Robert Clifton Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of East-Retford, in the County of Nottinghamr, upon the 5th Day of March next, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the 21st Day of June next.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Da)', for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn, ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

and Means. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Denbigh Ordered, That the Resolution of this House of Yester-

Election — day (that William Myddelton Esquire/ High-Sheriff of toWlaid^e- County of Denbigh, at the last Election of a Knight lore the King, of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, having taken upon himself to return John Myddelton Esquire, as Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by him upon the Poll, and to his own Declaration of the Numbers at the Close of the Poll, without any publick subsequent Examination into the Rights of the Voters, previous to such Return; and having afterwards presumed to alter the said Poll, in order to give a Colour to such’Return, has acted partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, in Defiance of the Laws, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders of the said County, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House), be humbly laid before his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, at the same Time that they present to his Majesty the Address of this House, Yesterday resolved to be presented to his Majesty (that he will be graciously pleased to give Direct ions for removing William Myddelton Esquire from being Receiver-General of the Land-Revenue in North Wales; and also from being one of his Majesty *s Justices of the Peace for the County of Denbigh, and for the County of Flint),

Vol. 24.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Anncyanee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* ^ilhPri-to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing VateeR. Merchants and Traders of the City of Lofldoti, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the several Papers presented td this House upon Tuesday the Second Day of this instant February, by Mr. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, be referred to the said Commit lee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, presented to this House upon Thursday last, by the said Mr Corbett, from the said Commissioners, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that thsy may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 50 die Februarii j

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whose Names are stump-crofi thereunto subscribed, for putting in ExecutionTvvo Road*. Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Stump-cross, in the Parish of Chef erford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket-Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge; and the other, palfed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Trumping ton-street, in the Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Acts, several Tolls were granted and made payable, for the respective Terms of One-and-twenty Yrears, for repairing the Roads aforesaid, and that the Trustees finding the same very bad, and the annual Income arising by the said Tolls not being sufficient to amend the said Roads, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, in order to put the same in such Repair as that Coaches and Wheel-carriages might pass with Safety; and notwithstanding the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls collected, has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; yet, several Parts of the said Roads are, in the Winter-Sealon, in a ruinous Condition t That an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two Acts of Parliament, but that the Terms granted by the said former Acts were not enlarged: That the Petitioners now find the Money due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts cannot be repaid, nor can all the said Roads, during the present Terms, be efledually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the future, without the Aid of a further Ad B b of

94

250 Februarlu 1741.

of Parliament: Aftd therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a. Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Martin, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Legge, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Peachy,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Tower, Mr. Fox, Lord Dufplin, Mr.

7- Martin, Mr. Coke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wodehouse,

Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert A bay, Mr. jR?/ey, Mr. Cary,

Mr. Winning ton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Colebrooke, Lord Barrington, Mr. Turner, Lord Baltimore, Sir Henry Lyd-dell, Mr. Capel Hanbury, Mr. Aere, Mr. Downing, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Torke, Sir George Downing, Sir 7o///j Cotton, Col. Townsend, Mr. Houblon, Mr.

Filzroy, Lord Geo. Bentinck; and all the Members whd serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, Hertford, and 2s//e.v: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Army; Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-nSt0 ^r<^er’ A Bill so* punishing Mutiny and Desertion, c eul n* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wymdham'i Sir. Charles Wyndham presented to the House, accord-Name. ing Order, a Bill to enable Piercy Wyndham Esquire, and other the Devisees of Henry Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Obrien, pursuantand according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount Tadcaster s Will: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bromsgrove Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Roads. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Rromf-grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Anfvrrr to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Add rest. Majesty had been attended with the Resolution and Ad-drels of ths House, relating to William Myddelton Esquire; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions for doing what is delircd by this House.

\Vcr»minder A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Co!!egu;e Church of St. Peter Westminster, was presented to the Uiwch. House, and read; setting forth, That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the ill Dean and Chapter unfinished, and, by Length of Time, and Badnefsof Materials, became so decayed and ruinous, that, in the 8th and 9th of William the Third (in regard to its being of ancient and Royal Foundation), an annpal Sum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted by Parliament towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King’s Bench, and the Dean of Westminster, who were appointed Commissioners for that Purpose: That, 22

by an Act passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted to the said Commissioners towards repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St.

Peter Westminster, and the Chapels of the fame; and, in order to the Finiftiing thereof, as directed by Parliament, Sir Christopher Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Design of erecting a Spire on the middle Tower; a Model of which he then prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Building, has been laid before this House: That, by several Acts passed in the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, several Sums of Four thousand Pounds have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work, and a considerable Progress has been made therein, and an Account how the Money has been expended, has been annually laid before this House: That, to facilitate the said Repairs, Two of the Prebendal Houses, and Three Leasehold Tenements, lately {landing in St. Margaret's Churchyard, have been taken down, and thereby the whole North Side of the Church, from the North to the West Gate, has been laid open; but that the Monies already granted being nearly expended, the said Works will soon be at a Stand: That the said Dean and Chapter are highly sensible of the Favours already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, and hope that the good Work, so far advanced by the Aid of former Parliaments, will meet with the like Encouragement and Assistance from the present: And praying for the Continuance thereof.

Mr. Pulthey, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of* the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out. Supply Bill; of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year Si king 1742, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, to westminster whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge and Bridge crois the River Thames, from the City of West- Improve-minster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, ment9# was referred, That the Committee had examined Ihe Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced to the Committee,

An Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the Powers of the Commissioners for building the said Bridge; whereby it appeared, that they were empowered to open, make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they {halt think proper, on each Side of the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and "both Houses of Parliament; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground within certain Limits by the said Act prescribed, as they should find necessary to be possettedof for that Purpose.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Thomas Ltdiard Esquire, Surveyor to the Commissioners: Who, being examined, said, That several Houses and Parcels of Ground, have accordingly been purchased by the Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, amounting

GoOgW

Election

Laws.

15 Geo. II. 25° Februartu

95

jtig to the Sum of £. 39,868. iiL id//.; and that the Street leading from the Abutment on the Westminster Shore to King's-street, is laid out, and will soon be completed, and are now opening and laying out several Ways, Streets, and Passages:

And the (kid Mr. Lediard also said, that the Approaches to the said Bridge, Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, might be rendered more open and convenient, if the Commissioners were enabled to purchase certain Houses, Ground, and Estates, situate in a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, leading from the Old\ to the New Palace- Yard, which are not prescribed within the Limits of the said Act; and as Part of those Buildings are the Property of the Crown, they cartnot be alienated in Perpetuity but by Authority of Parliament.

Sir Joseph Ayloffe Baronet, Clerk to the Commissionters, being examined, said, That the Commissioners have already expended and laid out, towards building the intended Bridge, together with the incidental Charges nc-ceflkrily attending the fame, and in the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them, the Sum of £. 79,3895 which,

with the Sum fcf £39,868. Hi. f od. before-mentioned* amounts in the Whole to £. 119,257. tij. 10d.

Charles Labelye Esquire, Engineer to the Commissioners, being examined* said, That a considerable Progress hath been made towards building the said Bridge, which is now in great, Forwardness, and will consist of Twelve Piers and Two Half Piers, Two Abutments, and Thirtee* Arches: That Ten of the said Piers are finiftied, and the Foundation of the Eleventh is almost completed :l That the middle Arch is entirely turned with Portland Stone, Two others adjoining thereto are turned Thirty Feet high on both Sides; as also Two more are turned Fourteen Feet high each, and the Abutments on the Westminster and Surrey Shores are filled up, and finished, the Pavement only excepted*

Then an Account was laid before the Committee of what Contracts are now subsisting, for which the Commissioners stand engaged to several Workmen, which are not completed; by which it appears, that the Sum necessary to make good the (krae> £ s. d* amounts to - -63,871 16 9’

That by an Account laid before the Committee by Mr. Daniel Race, One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England\ of the Monies received and disbursed by them, it appears there is a Balance remaining with them, to be issued as the Com- £ s. d. raissioners shall direct, to the Amount of - - - 43,214 4 —

And Mr. Dan. Race', acquainted the Committee, that there had been paid into the Bank, for the Commissioners U(e, the further Sum of - 4,000 —

In the Hands of the Treasurer to the Commissioners - 3*610 15

Inthe Hands of the Managers of the Lottery, Anno 1739 - - - 89 7 4

-----50,914 6 sh

Deficient - - £. 12,957 10 3i

And Mr. Labelye also said, That, besides the Deficiency of £ 12,957. ioj. 3^. considerable Sums of Money will be necessary to complete the Building of Five Arches, and Part of the Sixth, together with the Superftrudure of Stone, Centers for turning the Arches, not yet contracted for, and for the Purchase of more Houses and Ground, to make the Ways and Passages answer the Intention of Parliament, estimated at upwards of£ 39,000.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have made good the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Approaches to the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, might be rendered much more open and convenient, if the Petitioners were enabled to purchase certain Houses, Buildings, and Estates, situate in a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, at Westminster; and that a further Sum of Money is necessary to enable the Petitioners to finish the Bridge under their Care, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The Second Resolution of the said Committee being fead a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River 'Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, and to enable them to purchase certain Houses, Buildings, and Estates, situate in a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, within the Parish of St. Margaret, in the City of Westminster\ And that the Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Charles Wager, General Wade, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Laroche, and Mr. Brereton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given :to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching Vol. 24.

the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate1 the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections:

And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Fazakerly, Mr* Winnington,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Scott, Mr. Camv, Mr. Philips, Mr. Hay, and Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Af- Woollen fistants, and of the rest of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trade. Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the illegal Practice of running Wool to branee: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to stowerbridge whom the Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Parish. the Town of Stowerbridge and Parish of Old Swinford, in the County of Worcester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bluett*

enable Buckland Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take Name,

and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the Settlement made by Richard Nutcombe Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Report from the Committee, to whom the Stourbridge Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town Parish.

of

2 5° — 2 6° Februariu A. 1741.

of Stowerbridge, and Parish of Old Swinford> in the County of Worcester> was referred, was read; and the same is as follower h; niz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were examined: viz.

Mr. Rupert Dovey said, The Town tower bridge is

a very populous Market-Town, and some Parts thereof upwards of a Mile distant from the Parish-Chiarch of Old Szvinford; which Church is not sufficient to contain One-Fifth Part of the Inhabitants, who would willingly attend Divine Service there:

That the Inhabitants of Stowerbi'idge have, for several Years, maintained their own Poor, by a Levy distindb from other Parts of the said Parish, and under the Inspection of different Overseers; and are desirous that the said T‘own may be made a separate Parish, in all Re-spefts, except being liable to the Tythes in the said Township of Old Szvinford, and a Levy for repairing the Mother-Church.

Being examined as to the Value of the Lands proposed by the Petition to be inclosed, and exempted from Tythes and parochial Taxes, as a Glebe to the said new Church, he said, that the annual Value thereof would not, when inclosed, exceed Fourteen or Fifteen Pounds.

Doctor George Wigan, Re6bor of Old Swinford, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Dovey in the Particulars above-mentioned; and added, that several considerable Sums of Money have been subscribed; which, together with a Legacy of £. 300. and the Collection raised by a Brief, amount in the Whole, to the Sum of £. 2,300; f ' which Sum hath been expended in building a Church in the Town of Stowerbridge, in which Divine Service hath been performed, according to the Ufaee of the Church of England, for the Space of Five Years, and upwards.

Lord Foley being present, declared his Consent to all the Particulars contained in the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Town of Stowerbridge, in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of Old Swinford, in the said County; and for making a Provision for the Minister of the said new Parish; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof: And that f Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fytls, Mr. Lechmere, and Mr. Win-

ford, do prepare, and bring, the fame.

Colcheter Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee of

Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Matter of the Petition of Charles Gray, of Colchester, in the County of Essex, Esquire, and Samuel Savill, of the same Place, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of FJj'ex, be received Tomorrow, Morning.

Bluett’s An ingossed Bill.from the Lords, intituled, An Act N*ine. to enaye Buckland'Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and Use the Surname of Nut combe, according to the Settlement made by Richard Nut combe Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 6° die Februarii;

Anno 13* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

Morden’s A PETITION of William Harbord Esquire, for-Name. iV. merly called William Morden, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That Harbord Cropley Esquire, several Years before his Death, took and used the Surname of Harbord, pursuant to the lad Will and Te ft ament of John Harbord, late of Gunton»in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, deceased; and that the said, Harbord Harbord, the Petitioner’s Uncle, is lately dead; but, several Times before his Death, desired the Petitioner to

take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, which he has ever since done accordingly; and that the Petitioner is desirous, that the Surname and Arms of Harbord maybe confirmed upon him, and his Heirs Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling him, and his Heirs Male, to use and bear the Surname and Arms of Harbord Harbord, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according ro the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Coke and the Lord Dupplin do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Sir Humphrey Howarth reported from the Committee, Boucher’i to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Boucher was com- Nat. mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed,

Mr Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom DuqufVuy’i the Bill for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and Nat. Michael Henry Duque'ruy was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee ha4 dire6bed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Petition of John King Esquire, formerly called John Dallwond’i Da/hwood, and of William King Esquire, formerly called Name. William Payne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John King, Dodbor in Divinity, deceased, did, in and by his lait Will and Testament, and by a Codicil annext thereunto, devise several Estates, mentioned in the said Will and Codicil, to the Petitioner John Da/hwood for Life, and after his Death, to his eldest Son; and as to Part of his Estate, mentioned in the said Codicil, he gave the same to Charles Dashwood, his Grandnephew (who is since dead without Issue)for his Life; Remainder to the Petitioner^# Dashwood, for his Life; Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, to support the contingent Estates; Remainder to the First arid every other Son of the Petitioner John Dashwood, in Tail Male General; with Remainders over: That the said Testator, by his said Will (on a contingency therein mentioned, and which has since happened) devised all his Estate in Lincolnshire to the Petitioner William Payne, for his Life; Remainder to certain Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, for the Life of the Petitioner William Payne, to support Contingent Remainders; Remainder to his - first and every other Son and Sons, successively, in Tail Male General; Remainder to the other Petitioner John Daffi-wood for Life; Remainder to his first and every other Son, successively, in Tail Male General; with the like Estate to the said Charles Dashwosd for Life, and to his first and other Sons, successively, in Tail Male General; Remainder to the Use of the Testator* s Grand-niece Mary Walcot, deceased, late Wife of John Walcot Esquire, for her Life; Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder to her Second and every other Son, except her eldest Son, successively, in Tail Male General; with Remainders over; and that the said Testator did, by the said Codicil, give and devise several Houses, mentioned by the said Codicil, to the Petitioner William Payne, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to Trustees, to support contingent Remainders; Remainder to his First and other Sons, successively, in Tail Male General; Remainder to the other Petitioner John Da/hwood, for Life; Remainder to Trustees, dur^ ing his Life, to support contingent Remainders; Remainder to his First and other Sons, successively, in Tail Male General; Remainder to the youngest Son of the said John Walcotby Mary his Wife, that should be living at the time

of

Election

Laws.

St. Catherine Coleman Church.

15 Geo. II.

2 6* Fehruar

91

of her Death, and to his Heirs Male lawfully issuing; with pairing the same $ which has occasioned an additional Remainders over: That the Testator, by his said Codicil, Expence of 600 /. and upwards, expressly diretfts, that the Petitioner John Dashwood, and Then the Clause for Impawering the Trustees tonomi-

the Petitioner William Payne, and their respective Issue nate Twelve substantial Inhabitants, who have not served Male, and all other Persons claiming under the Limita- the Office of Scavenger, out of which, Four Persons are tions aforesaid (except Mary Walcot) should, by Autho- to be chosen by the said Trustees, to be Receivers, or Col-rity of Parliament, or other legal Method, as they respect le<stors, of such Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, as tively take any Estate in Possession, take and use the Sur- shall be due and payable by virtue of the said Act, being name of King only, in Performance of the Condition con- read;

tained in the Codicil annexed to the said Will; and that Mr. Harrison was called: Who, being examined, said, the Petitioners are desirous, that the same may be con- That the Trustees have found it very difficult to put the firmed on them, and theirlflue Male, and on the youngest said Clause into Execution, by reason the Parish is so Son of the said Mary Walcot, deceased, and his Heirs small, that there are not . more than 12 or 13 Persons Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore pray- within the same, who have not served the Office of Sca-ing. That the House will be pleased to give Leave for ivenger, and some of those not. so well qualified as the said m bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. Clause direct$. 1

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Ordered, That Leav£ be given to bring in a Bill to ex-

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir plain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of Francis Dashwood and Mr. Winford do prepare, and bring his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the in, the fame. Parishioners of the Parish of 5/. Catherine Coleman, in Fen-

churchjlreet, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville be added to the of the said Parish; and for making the said Act more ef-Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to ex- fe£tual for the Purposes thereby intended: And that Mr. plain and amend the Laws touching the Elect ions of Mem- Alderman Heathcote and the Lord Mayorof London do bers to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to re- prepare, and bring in, the fame, strain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Eledhons. Ordered, That Sir Humphrey Howorth be added to the Election

Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to ^aws- Mr. Alderman Heathcote reported from the Commit- explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of tee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Coridud, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Returning Officers at such Elections. his present Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of the

Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenehurch Streetin Ordered, That Colonel' Bladen be added to the Gentle- Westminster

the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said -men appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable Bridge and Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ImProv«-the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him, to Thames from the City of Westminster to the oppositeShore, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sum of Money And he read the Report’in his Pl^cc; and afterwards towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was -other Trusts reposed in them; and to enable them to pur-read; and is as fallowed); viz. chafe certain; Houses, Buildings, and Estates, situate in a

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, within the Parish of St.

The Agent for the Petitioners produced to the Com- Margaret, in the City of Westminster. mittee.

An A(ft, made in the'.nth Year, of the Reign of his present Majesty, to, enable the LParishioners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman* in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild tfce; Church of the said Parish; whereby it appeared, that divers Powers were given apd grouted: to JTrustees therein <named, who were impowered to raise a Sum of Money, not exceeding £.2,709;.and to grant Annuities, not exceeding the Sum of 216/. per Annum, for Lives.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. William Pond, Treasurer to the Trustees: Who, being examined, said, That the Sum of £. 2,700 hath been raised, and duly applied in rebuilding the said Church, and ejefraying the necessary Charges attending the fanje; which is entirely finished, and Divine Service hath, for some time part, been performed therein:

And he further said, That although the Trustees contracted with the several Workmen concerned in the.fa^d Building at moderate Rates, yet they have, by many extraordinary and upfqrefeen Expences, been under a ISfe-ceffity of exceeding the said Sum; and are unable to discharge the fame, without the Aid, of Parliament.

Thence ]ai/d before the Committee, £n Account of the Charges and Expences in rebuilding the Parish-Church of St. (Catherine Coleman; whereby it appeared, that (he Trustees are indebted to several Workmen, on account of rebuilding the faicj, Church, the Sum of 669/. 15s. yd.

Mr. James Horny Surveyor of the said Building, beipg examined, iaid, That the unforeseen Expences, mentioned in the said Petition, were occasioned by changing the Situation of the Church, which was intended only to have been rebuilt on the old Foundation, and the Damages done to Houses in pulling down the old Church, and re-Vol. 24.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jp the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1742, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from, the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevqral Amendments thereunto; which they had dire(sted him to.report, when the House will please to receive the same.;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon ilMonday Morning next* '

Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill for Disabling making more effectual the Laws now in being for disabl- Persons ing Persons from being chosen Members of, or, fitting or ^ving Pen* voting in the House of Commons, who have any: Pen- being Mcm-fion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any beri.

Office held in Trust for them: And that Mr. Carew, the Lord Gage, and Mr. Phillips, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. /

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Army; better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

C c Resolved,

3d0 Februarit.

Colchester

KWtion.

A. 1741.

Resolved, 'Hitt the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7'uefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Doctor Lee, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of Priveleges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Petition of Charles Grey, of Colchester, in the County of Essex, Esquire, and Samuel Savill, of the feme Place, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of , in

the County of Rssex, together with the Kesolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Charles Gray Esquire, and Samuel Savill Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and false Return of John Olmius and Matthew Martin Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election and Return;

Itdid notappearto the Committee, that the House had come to any Resolution, with regard to the Right of Election of Members for this Borough;

But on the 6th of May 1714, it was resolved.Tbht the Right of making Foreigners (not having a Right to Freedom by Birth or Service) Freemen of the said Borough, is in the Mayor and free Burgesses of the said Borough, in Common Hall assembled.

The Petitioners Counsel havingalleged, that, upon calling up the Numbers on the Poll, there appeared a Majority for the Petitioners; which Numbers were accordingly declared; and that no Proceeding was had upon thcScru-iny demanded on behalf of the Sitting Members, nor were any of the Petitioners Voters disallowed: They infilled, that the Return ought to be amended, conformable to such Majority; and that it was impossible for them to proceed to object against a Poll, which appeared to be in their favour, and which mud betaken to be right till the contrary was shewn:

And they called Evidence to the Fads alleged; viz.

Barrington 'Taverner, Town-Clerk of the Borough of Colchester-, who, having produced anattefted Copy of the Poll, and being examined, said, That, upon calling up the Numbers by all the Persons appointed for that Purpose, the same Hood as follows:

For Charles Gray Esquire, ----- 832:

For Samuel Savill Esquire, ----- 807.

For John Olmius Esquire, 806:

For Matthew Martin Esquire ----- 790.

Being crols-examined, he said. He could not tell what the Numbers were when the Poll was doled; but that, after the Adjournment of the Poll, he added Twelve or Thirteen by Direction of the Deputy-Mayor; and that the same was done with the Consent ot all the Candidates.

A Member of the House, present at the Committee, being referred to by the Petitioners Counsel, and, upon what he said, further examined by the Counsel for the Sitting-Members, gave his Evidence to the EfTed following:

That he was present when the Poll was closed, and afterwards adjourned to an Inn in the Town, th Sign of the White Hart:

That there having been feme Dispute about honorary Freemen, made in the Year 1728 and 1719, whole Votes at first were refilled, it was infilled upon, and agreed to, that such Freemen, as had been lo refused, should, on their then Appearance, and tendering their Votes, be added to the Poll, in regird they were in the same Situation with others, whose Votes had been taken upon the Poll; and that accordingly, by the Direction of the Deputy-Mayor, the Names of those who did appear, and offer their Votes, were taken down:

That it was then agreed to withdraw into another Room, and Persons being appointed, on behalf of the fc-

24

veral Candidates, to cast up the Poll with the Deputy-Mayor, they all agreed in the Totals of the Numbers polled foe each Candidate; whereupon the Deputy-Mayor was desired to declare those Numbers; which he accordingly ordered the Town-Clerk to do from the Balcony of the said Inn; having first directed the Serjeant at Mace to make Proclamation for that Purpose:

That the Sitting-Members thereupon demanded aScru-tiny, and the Time and Place of Meeting was appointed, and the Scrutineers were nominated on both Sides: but that he, the said Member, was not present at the Scrutiny: Thatheexpcded the Return would have been in favour of the Petitioners; but afterwards receiving Intimation, that the Deputy-Mayor had declared the Si tting-Members duly elected, he, with the Petitioners, went to enquire for Mr. Daniel, the Mayor, at his House; and acquainting One of the Family with their Business, they were told he was sick in Bed; but they left Word for him by that Person, that, as the Majority on. the Poll was in favour of the Petitioners, they infilled on their being returned: That they afterwards went to the House where the Scrutiny was appointed to be held, and enquiring for Mr. Serjeant Price, the Deputy-Mayor, were informed he was gone home; upon which, going to his House, One of the Family told them, that he had returned the Sitting-Members.

The said Member further said. That he believes the said Deputy-Mayor did make some mention of Votes, good and bad, at the time that he ordered the Town-Clerk to declare the Numbers: To which the Petitioners Friends made Answer, that they were not solicitous concerning those Words being made use of; but infilled to have the Numbers declared, which was dona without Mention of such Words; and that though the said Gentleman was then near to the Deputy-Mayor, he did not hear him use any Expression of that kind at the Time the Numbers were declared:

That he can’t be certain, that any Queries were put against the Names of those Persons who were added to the Poll, after the Adjournment to the White Hart Inn; but that himself was One of the honorary Freemen, whole Votes were at first refused; which he at that time complained of, because the feme Gentleman, who then refused him, had before made it his Request to him, about Twelve Years ago, to be admitted; and that about Seven Years ago, at Mr. HoubloiC% Elefiion, Mr. Serjeant Price infilled, that those Freemen had a Right to vote.

Joseph Duffield laid. That on Saturday the Ninth of May lall, the Day the Poll was closed, he was One of the Persons who alfifted at the Calling up of the Poll-Books at the White Hart Inn; and that all the Persons employed therein agreed in the Total of the Numbers for each Candidate, amounting feveratly as before Hated; and the same were declared, with the Consent of all the Candidates, by the Town-Clerk, in the Gallery of the Inn; but the Witness could not lay by whose Direction the Declaration was made; but the Deputy Mayor and Town-Clerk were both in the.Room about that time: That there being a Scrutiny demanded by Mr.

and Colonel Price, who represented Mr. Martin, who was absent, the Witness was appointed One of the Scrutineers on the behalf of the Petitioners; and the Time and Place of Meeting was fixed to be at the King's Head, at Three o’Clock that Afternoon: That, before Four a Clock, Mr. Serjeant Price, the Deputy-Mayor, came and brought the Poll-Books; but, before the Name of any Person was read, the Scrutineers on behalf of Mr. Olmius and Mr. Martin infilled, by way of Preliminary, that the Votes of such Persons as were admitted to their Freedom in the Years 1728 and 1729,should be given up; though they did not mention the Name, or examine into the Right, of any one of them: That, upon this, the Scrutineers for the Petitioners demanded a Copy of the Poll, and declared at the same time, that it was impossible to enter into a Disquisition of the Votes till they examined upon what kind of Claim each Voter’s Right was founded: That, thereupon, the Scrutineers on the Part of Mr.

Olmius

15 Geo. II.

Oimins and Mr. Marti*, made Answer, they would proceed no further with the Scrutiny; and when the Petiti-tioners Scrutineers desired another Meeting on the Monday Morning following, Mr. Serjeant Price declared, it was to no Purpose to appoint another Meeting, since the Sitting-Members Scrutineers would not agree to meet; and that no Meeting was appointed.

He further said. That the Interval of Time between the Breaking-up of the Scrutiny, and the Sitting-Members being carried in Chairs, was not much more than Half an Hour.

And that Jeremiah Daniel, the Mayor, was not present at the Scrutiny.

Being croft-examined, he said. That, before the Poll-Books were cast up, there were some Names taken down at the White Hart Inn upon a Piece of Paper, and added to the Poll, by the Consent of all Parties} and that he believed those Persons then admitted were all admitted upon the same Right:

That the Right of the Freemen, made in 1718 and 1729,depended upon one Point; but that Serjeant Price was not applied to, during the Election, to give his Opinion concerning the Right of those Persons; and that the Reason why the giving of them up came to be talked of by the Scrutineers for the Sitting-Members, arose from an Apprehension, that they had not any Right} but that the said Scrutineers gave no particular Reason why they infilled upon their Votes being given up as a Preliminary; but the Question put to the Scrutineers for the Petitioners was, in general. Whether they would give them up

That John Blatch was Mayor in 17*8, and James Boyce in 1729; the Years in which those Freemen were made.

And he said. That Serjeant Price might not be present when they were admitted Freemen; but that he gave his Consent to their Admission, and looked upon them to be good Freemen.

Being further examined, he said. That there are in the Copy of the Poll produced before the Committee, which the Witness had seen, a good Number of Queries to the Freemen made in 1728 and 1729, and to others; and that there are a great many honorary Freemen bolides those who were made in the loft-mentioned Years; but that the Objection was to them only, and not to the honorary Freemen in general: To which Objection, Answer was made, that thdfe Freemen objected to, had as an undoubted a Right as others:

That he hath heard of the Resolution of the House of Commons, in the Year 1714, concerning the Right of making Foreigners Freemen in this Borough; but that, at the time of this Scrutiny, the Objection was not, that those Freemen, made in 1728 and 1729, were made contrary to that Resolution j though he hath since beard it given as a Reason for such Objection made.

Being asked, Whether Judgments of Ouster had not been obtained against Blatch and Boyce, Mayors severally in the Years 1728 and 1729 ? he said, He heard a Ver-ditt had been given, which determined that Boyce was -not a legal Alderman; and that he takes it to be ablo-lutely necessary, that a Person should be Alderman of the said Borough before he can be Mayor.

Mr. William May hew, another of the Scrutineers appointed on die Petitioners behalf, being examined, spoke to the same Effect as the preceding Witness, with regard to the Time and Place of the Meeting for a Scrutiny, the Nature of the Preliminary, and the Manner the same was infilled upon; and as to the Demand of the Copy of the Poll, and the Refusal of the Deputy-Mayor to appoint another Day to proceed in the Scrutiny; and as to the Space of Time between the Breaking-up of the Scrutiny and the Sitting-Members being carried in Chairs:

And he added further, That Jeremiah Daniel presided as Mayor the First Day of the Poll, and the Two Days following, Serjeant Price acted as his Deputy:

That feme Persons offering to poll, who were Paupers, the Books were offered to be produced as Evidence to ascertain that Fact; but the Serjeant refused to examine Vol. 24.

99

the fame; and said, there would be a Time for it after* C®}cjl*8r wards: Elea, on*

That, through die whole Poll, several honorary Free-men are queried, without distinguishing those made in 2728 and 1729.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he believes the Reason why the Votes of the Freemen, made in 1728 and 1729, were demanded to be given up by the Scrutineers of the Sitting-Members, was, because they were not made right 1 and that, on the First Day of the Poll, Mr.

Daniel, the Mayor, refused on both Sides the Votes of the Freemen made in those Years:

That he was at the Election for this Borough, when Mr. Houblon was chose about Seven Years ago; and Serjeant Price at that time said, that he apprehended the Freemen now in Dispute, had a Right to vote.

William Seber said, That he was present during the whole Time of taking the Poll: That the First Day it was taken by Mr. Daniel, and the Two next Days by Serjeant Price and the Third Day, being Saturday, the 9th of May, the same was closed, and adjourned to the White Hart Inn; when the Numbers were declared as before stated by the Direction of Mr. Serjeant Price:

That the Votes of many Persons were taken with Queries; and that when Books were offered to be produced as Evidence to prove feme of those Persons had received the Collection-money, the same was not permitted; Serjeant Price saying, a No Matter; Poll '* them with a Quere; there will be a future Time to " enquire into it."

Mr. Taverner being again examined, said. That the Town-Books, which were in his Custody, were not sent for to be inspected the 9th of May:

That the same day the Witness made the Declaration of the Numbers, by Direction of Serjeant Price, as they were cast up: and afterwards, between Four and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, he received a Message from the Serjeant to come to him; and he met the Serjeant at the Door of his own House, and went with him from thence to the Hustings of the Town-Hall; That the Serjeant told the Witness, they had been upon a Scrutiny; and that the Petitioners Agents would not give up the honorary Freemen made the Years before-mentioned; and thereupon nothing was done: That the Serjeant desired the Witness to take the Words from his (the Serjeant’s) Mouth; which were to this Effect: Mr.

" Mayor declares John Olmius and Matthew Martin " Esquires, to be duly electedbut that no Numbers were declared; nor was any Examination of the Right of the Voters mentioned: And this was done about Five a Clock in the Afternoon.

John Hawkins being’examined, said, That he, as Payer of the Poor, keeps the Book in his Custody, wherein the Names of the Receivers of Alms are entered; which Book was lent for to the Hustings, upon a Debate that arose about some Voters being Paupers, but not opened; for that the Witness declaring his knowledge as to that Matter, the Debate ceased:

That, the 9th of May, he; was lent for to bring his Book to the King's Head Inn, where the Meeting for the Scrutiny was held; but he was not called upon.

The Clerk of the Crown attending the Committee with the Return, it -appeared, that Jeremiah Daniel Esquire, Mayor, and Kobtri'Price Esquire, Serjeant at Law, Deputy-Mayor of the said Borough of Colckefiert are Parties to the Return; and that the same appears to be executed by Jeremiah Daniel only, and the Sou of the Corporation is affixed thereunto.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the Committee, that they should rest the Matter, with regard to the Return, upon the preceding Evidence.

The Counsel for the Sitting-Members insisted, that it was not conformable to the Methods of Proceeding, to determine the Merits of the Return, exclusive of the Merits of the Election, except in Cafes where feme Irregularity appeared upon the Face of the Return, or Where the

26° Februarii.

x

Colchester

Election.

ioo 26* Februar'ti. A. 1741.

the same was not executed by the proper Returning-

Officer.

That the Poll is not Part of the Return; and that the Return cannot be justified without entering into the Merits of the Election (which, they observed, the Petitioners Counsel had in some degree entered into): That this was not the First Instance of a Return made contrary to a Majority upon the Face of the Poll; the like being the same in the Election for the County of Flint in the last Parliament; and that, on the Hearing of the Merits of that Election, the 24th of March 1736, the House did not allow, that the Counsel for the Sitting-Member should be directed to proceed, in order to juf-tify the Return, before the Merits of the Election were proceeded upon:

That though there may be an apparent Majority upon the Poll, the same may not be a legal Majority; and as the Returning Officer is impowered by Law, as well as bound by Oath, judicially to determine upon the Legality of Votes, according to the last Determination of the House of Commons, his Return is presumed to be the Result of that Judgment:

And they alleged. That, pursuant to the Resolution of the House, read at the Opening of the Hearing of this Election, the Votes of several Freemen, made contrary to that Resolution, who offered to Poll, were rejected, and others, though admitted, were polled with Queries.

They further alleged,

That the Petitioners Agents had no Right to infill upon the Scrutiny’s being put off, when the Sitting-Members Agents were ready to proceed:

And that thereupon Serjeant , who was legally deputed to act as Returning Officer, did afterwards disallow the Votes of the Freemen made in 1728 and 1729, and declared a Majority for the Sitting-Members.

In Reply to which, the Petitioners Counsel answered. That the Poll is conclufiye Evidence } and that the same cannot; be altered but by a Scrutiny; which, in the present Cafe, was. not proceeded in, by reason the Sitting-Members Agents infilled upon an unreasonable Preliminary i and that though they admitted a Returning Officer had a Right to exercise his Judgment in reconsidering the Poll, yet it did not appear such Judgment had been exercised in this Instance.

And it being the Opinion of the Committee, that the Counsel should be called in; and that the Counsel for the Sitting-Members should be directed to proceed to justify the Return, without entering into the Merits of the Election;

The Counsel for the Sitting-Members were so directed; and they proceeded to open the Matter, which they intended to offer in Justification thereof:

And being directed to withdraw j The Committee were informed, that the Sitting-Members did not desire to give the Committee, or the Petitioners, any further Trouble as to the Return. Whereupon the Committee Came to the following Resolutkons:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Majority of Votes received upon the Poll at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Essex, was for the Petitioners Charles Gray and Samuel Savill- Esquires ;and was so declared at the Calling

up the Numbers, upon the Close of the Poll, by the Town-Clerk, by the Direction of Robert Price Esquire, Serjeant at Law, and Deputy-Mayor of the said Borough; and no Vote was afterwards difal lowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opidion of this Committee, That John Olmius Esquire is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Efftx.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Matthew Martin Esquire is not duly returned a

Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles Grey Esquire ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Samuel Savill Esquire onght to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

After which, the Committee were informed, that the Sitting-Members Counsel were then ready prepared to proceed with regard to the Merits of the Election; but that they were not desirous to conteli the same with the / Petitioners, provided it was declared and understood, that the Evidence before given did not, or should not, in any manner whatever, extend either to invalidate or establish the Right or Claim of any Person or Persons having, or claiming to have, a Right to vote at any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for this Borough:

And the Committee being thereupon informed, on the Part of the Petitioners, that they did readily acquiesce in such Construction of the aforesaid Evidence:

And the Committee likewise acquiescing the rein;

They afterwards came to the following liesolutions:

Rc/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Olmius Esquire is not duly eiefted a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of EJex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Matthew Martin Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles Gray Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Samuel Savill Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

The First and subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House immediately, to amend the Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, by rafing out the Names of Matthew Martin Esquire, and John Olmius Esquire, and inferring the Names of Charles Gray Esquire, and Samuel Savill Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom prend«rgalt'» the Bill for explaining a Clause contained in an Act, made Estate*. in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergast Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed j was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of Colman O nuf/y, referred to them, and had heard the Petitioner by his Counsel, and had allb heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined, and found, that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report ia his Place, and afterwards delivered

15 Geo. II. a6# Februarii. — i ° i oi

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of in the County of Essex. ' ':

Boflinoey, A Motion was made, and the Question being put, &c. That the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Fofler and Election. Richard Liddell Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of and Trevena,

in Tintagel, in the County of which was pre-

fented to the House upon the a ad Day of December last; and then ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this Hottfe.

The House divided.

The Yeas went Forth.

Tellers for the Yeas $ Mr' 2 ,

1 etlers for the 1 eas, jMr Vernon:

Tellers for the Noes, j J; ' } 19°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition he heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 18th Day

of March next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wits The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Meuu. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Annoyance The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Trade whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the by Spanish subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, nrateen. behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms j and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had heard further Evidence, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

_. Elections be adjourned.

Tnvilegei. J

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 24.

Luna, i° die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii Hdl Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E*rl for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Godolphin'*, Agreement, and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Godo/phinand the Dean and Chapter of Ely, for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-Ground, in the County of bridge; and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -phin. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Winford, Mr. Walker, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Walter, Mr. Torke, Mr, Mr.

Berkeley, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.' John Pitt, Lord

Limerick, Mr. Nugent, Col. Mordaunt, Lord ter, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cope, Sir Nathanael Mr.

Newnham, Mr. Jenyns, Sir James Grant, Mr. -well, Mr. Pelham, Lord Charles Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Whitchrou, Mr. Tucker, Mr,

Gray, Mr. Wynne, Mr. John Wynne, Mr. Hill, SirLijler Holt, Mr. West, Mr. Phillips', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge and And '

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, ifttifilled, An lA<ft Lord for veiling the settled Estate of Henry Lord in Montfort’*

the County of Worcester, in Trustees, in Trust to fell the Estate. lame, and to lay out and apply the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or'one of them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. James Martin,

Mr. Winnington, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr.

Fox, Mr. Henry Herbert, Sir Wm. Corbett, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Downing, Mr. Legge, Mr. Mitchell, Col.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. John Martin, Lord Hartington, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fitzrcy,-Lord Wm. Manners,

Mr. War dour, Mr. Han't Williams, Mr. Hanbury, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thomas Foley, Mr. Lechmere,

Mr. Pitts, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bap'. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Grant, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Earle, Sir Mr.

Vere. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr . Shuttleworth, Lord Strange, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sir Cor del

Fire brace, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Chester, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Waller,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sir James

Hamilton, Lord Perceval, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Delme, Mr. P; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Suf-

folk, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom the Sturap-erofs Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto sub- *’ feribed, for putting in execution Two A<fls of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty YdingGtorge the First.for repairing the Roads leading from Stump-Cross, in the Parllh of Chesterford, in the County of E/jex, to Newmarket-Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and the other passed in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of -mire, in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Trumpington-Street, in the Town of Cambridge, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s

D d Table:

ioa i" Mctrtii. A. 1741.

Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; the Committee, That the Right Honourable the Earl of viz. Arlington did undertake and finish the (hid Navigation,

and, by (ndorfemeat on the Back of the said Deed, it

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for also appeared, that, sincehis Death, the Ducbefc Dowager continuing the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parlia- of , who was foie Executrix of the Eight Noble ment, one passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his Henry then late Duke of , her deceased Hu (band

late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from (who was foie Executor of the said Earl of did

Stump-Croftto Newmarket-Heath, and the Town of Cam- assign her Right and Interest in the said Navigation to

bridge; another, passed in the nth Year of his laid late the Corporation of the Town of Thetfordaforesaid.

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cam- Then the Agent for the Petitioners called, bridge-, and the Third, passed in the Third Year of the Mr. Nicholes King: Who, beiDg examined, laid. That Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending. River is navigable from to; and that

and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, he has been Tenant to the Corporation of Thetford

and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two Eighteen Yean, and hath expended in the Repairs of the

former Acts: And that Mr. Jenyns, the Lord Dupplin, laid River, several Hundred Pounds more than it pro-and Mr. Jams Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the duced; and that the Corporation were at the Expence of

fame. making a Sluice on the said River, which cost them

/.300, and upwards; and that he also, since he has rented Bluett’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to the said River, made another Sluice, which, by Length

Name, enable Auckland Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take of Time, and want of scouring, cleansing, and erediftg

and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the Set- proper Sluices, is almost become ufekfr; and that Toils tlement made by Richard Nutcombe Esquire, deceased, only are taken between Brandon and , for Goods

was read a Second rime. conveyed on the said River.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Francis Wilks and Mr. George Fuller, being Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Henry Bathurst, Mr. (everally examined, said. That they have navigated on Trelawney, Mr. Bury, Mr. Fortescue, Lord Perceval, Mr. the said River for Twenty Years and upwards; but for Edwin, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Harvey, Two Years past, have frequently been obliged to lay Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Whitchcott, Mr. Phillips, Sir with their Boats loaden Two or Three Days, between John Turner, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Winford, Mr. Selwyn, Whitehouse and Brandon Ferry; and then have been un-Lord Baltimore, Mr. Boone, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumptre, der a Necessity to unload the Goods out of their Boats,

Mr. Pitt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Sir and convey the same by Land-Carriage to Brandon-, and John Bruce, Sir Lyfier Holt, Mr. Wilson, Mr Best, Sir said, That the Navigation is in a ruinous Condition, and

John Peachy, Sir John Chester -, and all the Members who if a Sluice is not soon erected between Whitehouse and

servefor the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: , that Part of the River will become entirely use-

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Iefs j but if proper Sluices are made on the said River,

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. the Navigators will be able to do as much Business in

one Day as they now do in Three or Four* and that the Bnixlon Mr. Fitzroy reported from the Committee, to whom same will be of great Advantage to the Town of Brandon;

Navigation, the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, but that the present Tolls received for the Carriage of

of the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of NorfolkandGoods is not sufficient to enable the Corporation to

Suffolk, was referred. That the Committee had examined complete such necessary Works as are required, unless the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to the Rates for Carriage of Goods be extended from report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: Whitehouse to Thetford aforesaid.

And he read the Repqrt in his Place; and afterwards de- Mr Surveyor, being examined, said,

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was That he was employed by the said Corporation to view read; and is as followeth; viz. the River Brandon, and that he found great Shoals of

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sand in the said River, which for want of erecting pro-

The Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act, passed per Sluices, the said Navigation is now become almost the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charlesufeless; and that it will be absolutely necessary to ered the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly a Sluice or Stanch, about Two Miles below Brandon, called Brandon and Wavettey, whereby it appeared, that which he believes will cost about £.300, or thereabouts; the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough and then the Town of Brandon will receive a Benefit of Thetford, and their Successors, in case they would un- thereby, if Thetford doth not.

dertake the fame, or otherwise such other Person or Per- Sir Francis Bickle Baronet, Henry Esquire,

Tons as the Commissioners named in the said Act, or any and Francis Wilks aforesaid, being feveratly examined.

Five or more of them, by Instrument under their Hands said. That the Inhabitants of the Town of Brandon have and Seals, should nominate and appoint, as were willing been informed, that the Corporation of Thetford intended to undertake the lame, who were to have full power to to apply to Parliament to enable them to preserve, and make navigable and passable the River Brandon, from a make more effectual, the Navigation of the said River:

Place called Whitehouse, beneath Brandon Ferry, to Thet- And the said Sir Francis Bickle further laid. That the ford aforesaid, by all lawful means; and for enabling the Traftees for putting the said Act in Execution are all Undertakers to defray the Charges of making the said deed.

River navigable, they were impowered to demand, receive. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

and take, such Toll or Rate for the Carriage of Coals, making more effectual an Act, made in the cud Year Corn, and other Goods, by any Boat or Vessel between of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An the said Towns of Thetford and Brandon Ferry, as the Act for making navigable the Rivers commonly called said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, should, and Waweney, so far as the same relates to the

by any Instrument under their Hands and Seale affels, River Brandon: And that Mr. , Colonel Town-

limit, and appoint. Jhend, and the Lord Henry Beauclerk, do prepare, and

The Petitioners then laid before the Committee a cer- bring in, the fame, tain Indenture, bearing Date the 17th Day of September

1677, whereby it appeared, that seven of the Commis- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Du- Duque’tU,!, sioners named in the said Act, did, under their respective que'ruy and Michael Henry Duque'ruy, was read the Third Nit-Hands and Seals, affels such Toll or Rate for the Car- rime.

riage of Coals, Corn, and other Goods, according to the Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Directions of the said Act. be, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and

And upon producing oneother Indenture, bearingDate Michael Henry Duque'ruy. the 20th Day of January 1677, it likewise appeared to

15 Geq. II. i0

103

Ordered, That Mr. Whickcat do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fioDcher’i An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Souther, was Nat. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Boucher.

Ordered, That Sir Hum. Howorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bromsgrove A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Road*, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dud, in the County of and from the said Town of to the Town of

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and for making the feme more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Mr. Winford, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Foley, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Edmund , Sir Robert Long, Sir John G, Sir Nathanael Cnrzon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Wright, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charles Pelham, Lord Limerick, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Drax, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Brereton, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr. Philips, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, Hereford, and Warwick:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Derby Writ, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Rurgefe so serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of , in the Room of the Right Honourable James Qavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord James who,

fipce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of all foreign Accounts, or Imports, within the Kingdom of Ireland.

Supply Bill; Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the Sinking Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fund. granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1742, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Admiralty Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy

Order* to of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the

Sn*0 Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to the n* respective Captains of such Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, as from time to time may be in the River of Lisbon, dated the 20th of January 1739.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, dated the 25th of March 1740, to the respective Captains of his Majesty’s Ships then at Lisbon, or that should thereafter arrive there, bound to England.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to the respective Captains of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, who shall have Occasion to put into the Port of Lisbon, dated 28th March 1741.

Vox,. 24.

Ordered, That the Order of the D*$s for the House Sappfy* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to poijfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this' House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *nd Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And die feme being read accordingly;

Resolved, Thar this House will, upon Wednffday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining a Cfeufe contained in PrendergafT* an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Estate. Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergafl Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and 1 lereditaments,

Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in were ratified and confirmed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for explaining a Clause, contained in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty to Sir Thomas Prendergafl Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carevi presented to the House, according to Or- DifkbUnr der, a Bill for making more effectual tire Laws now in Person* barbeing for difebling Persons from being chosen Members J'i Pension* of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, Memtwr*.8 who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them: And the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Mat for of Dornock, the Petition of Sir Robert Munro, of Fowlis, Baronet, tec. complaining of an ufidue Election and Return for the Election« District of Burghs of Dornock, Kirkwall, Wick, Dingwall, and Tain.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read:

And the (landing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes, for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and objected, that the Commission of the Delegate of the Burgh of Wick, who voted for the Sitting-Member, was void, as not being made at a Council legally called for that Purpose; and that the Commission of the Delegate of the Burgh of Ding-wall, who voted also for the Sitting-Member, was likewise void, as being granted to a Peer of Great Britain:

And an Extract of the Minutes of the Election of

Member to serve in this present Parliament for the District

104

i° — 2* Martii.

A. 1741.

trift of Burghs *of Dornoch, Tain, and Kirkwall, being produced:

Part thereof relating to the Objection made to the Commission of the Delegate of the Burgh of was read:

And Extracts of several Entries in the Council-Books of the said Burgh of IVick were produced, and read:

And Part of the said Extra# of Minutes of the Election, relating to the Objection made to the Commission of the Delegate of the said Burgh of Dingwall was also read: And a Witness was examined, as to the Number of Town-Counsellors, of whom the Council of the said Burgh of Wick did consist, when the Commission of the Delegate for the said Buigh was granted; and as to the Number of Town-Counsellors, present in Council at that time; and as to the Number of the Town-Counsellors then absent; and as to the Places of Residence of feme of the Town-Counsellors at that time; and as to the Chief Magistrate reliant in the said Burgh; and as to the Receipt of the Precept for electing the Delegate of the said Burgh.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Sitting-Member were heard in Answer thereunto;

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard by way of Reply:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Honourable Charles Esquire is duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Distri# of Burghs of DornochTain, Dingwall, Wick, and Kirkwall;

Mr. Arejkine was heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That the Honourable Charles AreJkineE(<\\x\Tt is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dornoch, Tain, Dingwall, Wick, and Kirkwall;

It paired in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Sir Robert Munro Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dornock, Tain, Dingwall, Wick, and;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^&;

{Brigadier-General St Clair,

Mr. Oswald.

So it paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dornock, Dingwall, Wick, and Kirkwall, was a void Election.

105.

129.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privileja

And then the House adjourned till To morrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 20 die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IP' Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

MR. Corbett, from the Commissioners for executing Admiralty the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Order* to tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, *n Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing 1 on' the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , to the respective Captains of such Ships or Vessels of his Majesty, as from time to time may be in the River of Lisbon, dated 20th January 1739: And also,

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , dated 25th March 1740, to the respective Captains of his Majesty’s Ships then at Lisbon, or that should thereafter arrive there, bound to England: And also,

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to the respective Captains of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, who shall have Occasion to put into the Port of Lisbon, dated 28 th March 1741; And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Nary Debt, flood on the 31st December 1741.

And the Titles of the said Copies and Estimate were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of , in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

.(Jakr Wtn*;.

bipi: i&OL

mfc

15 Geo. II.

2° Mar

io5

Navy-Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter-men-13th February 1741. J tioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1741.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear; Ordinary and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course 1 of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for > the Service thereof - J

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course,'} for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament, on Naval Stores;! the whole Sum registered in the Year 1741 amounted tof £.15,971 js. 1 od.whereof remains unpaid - - -J|

For Freight of Transports and Tenders; and for Stores delivered} into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were! made out on the aforesaid 31st of December 1741; as also to/ several Bills of Exchange ----- J

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, the Ordinary and 7 Extraordinary - - j

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, 7 made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf - -J

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay, on the abovesaid 31st December 1741 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for lotage. Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans J of Men /lain at Sea, isSc.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships? in Pay, and which have been paid off - - - - J

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Covrfe For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, ( and Contingencies - - - -J

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the/ several Ports ----- - -j

Sick and Wounded: the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters, and Cure, of lick and wounded Seamen, let' on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports; and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service The Total amounts to the Sum of Two million Four hundred’ Ninety-seven thousand Four hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence Farthing From whence deducting the Money in the A

Treasurer’s Hands - -fas on the other

And also the Money that remained to come in C Side of the Supplies of the Year -J

The Debt will then be One million Nine hundred Thirty-> six thousand Five hundred and Seventy Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing -N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transports between' the ill January 1740, and 31st D 1741 - - -I-

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners-, of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the/ Soldiers employed in America, between the ill January 1740, / and 3ill December 1741, amounts to - - - -)

For which Sum of£. 280,563 i4r. no Provision has been made by Parliament, but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for lait Year The Net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Six hundred f ifty-six thousand and Seven Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing -

Particulars.

s.

d.

33°’595J7 t 8,4m 5 5

224,296 17 2

239,84a-----

to,188 7 3

117,998 1 9i

1>195>753 -

19,329 15 8

TOTAL.

C

s.

d.

8*3,337 7 4

i>333»°8o 17 5*

16,165 *3 — 273,403 16 11 12,318 1 3

18,974 17 6

\ 320,862 8 8

:l

105,825 6 455,053 1

168,645

111,917 19

30,168 14 1

2,497,449 7

560,878 8 —

1 >936>570 19 6

280,563 14 8

1,656,007 4 ioi

Rd. Hadd,

Tho. Pe,

J. Fawler.

Ja. Acworth, John Phillipson,

Vol. 44.

Ec

Memorandum:

Q

Os

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1741,in Money, as under-mentioned > and may be reckoned towards.

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

la what TREASURERS Hands.

Right Hon. Pattee Lord Vifcotint ‘Torrington Right Hon. Arthur Onslow Esquire - *

In MONEY.

Balance in his Hands, as settled by the Auditors of the Imprefts -

In Money -

D\ towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

N. B. There remained, on the 31st

last, to come in, of the Supplies of the > Year - - - -J

On the Heads of

r

Wear and Tear, Ordinary Seamen’s Wa"e». Victuals. TOTAL.

and Transports. O

<k £. s. i- * d. £. s. d.

J 1,467 6 8 1,340 10 4 16 11 si 2,824 8 5*

21,742 3 11 1 36,919 6 4-i 12,253 H 11 1 - _ . _ _ 32>°75 13 1 103,000 18 3 {

23,209 :o 7 50,523 11 71 32,092 4 6i 105,825 6 9

o

fy 455>°53 3

D

CQ‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

£D

o

eg

FT

-1

i5 Geo. II. 2* Martii.

107

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Circnctlkr -A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen*

to Te.bury and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading Road. from Cirencester, in the County of through Ckefterton, Coates, Kemble, Tar/ton, and Cke-

rington, to Tetbury, in the said County, and from bury through DuftonRyrt, Magna,

Dedmorton, Haukfburys, Upton, Horton, Old Sodbury, Little Sodbury, Doddington Codring ton. Dir-

ham, and Cold Aden, to the Monument upon in the Parish of Languridge, was presented to the House, and read 1 letting forth. That the said Road, being Twenty Miles, or thereabout, by reason of the Soil thereof and of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the lame, is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter-Season;

! many parts thereof are impassable for Waggons and Carriages, and Horses laden, and thatgreat Part of the Road is dangerous for Travellers: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws, be amended, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereofj and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chester, Mr. Gore, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Prowse, Mr. FLord Mr. Bance,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Drummond, Sir Mr. Mr.

Masters, Mr. Gafkry, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Edmund IJkam, Mr. Denton, Lord Limerick, Mr. Smith, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grata, Sir EraJ. Phillips, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Moore, Mr. , Mr. James

Grenville, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Mr. Coke, Lord Baltimore, "Dr, Butler, Mr. Monson, Mr. Torke, Lord Fermanagh, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Bramston-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Glouceft Oxon, Warwick, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Perlers, Papers, and Records.

Morden’s . Mr. Coke presented to the House, according to Order, Name. a gill for enabling William Mor den Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbor d, pursuant to the Desire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cirencester Mr. Thomas Master reported from the Committee, to

koad*. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act> passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. ’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act of Parliament mentioned therein was read, whereby leve-tal Tolls were granted, and made payable, from the ill Day of June 1727, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then Mr. Joseph Small, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed to put the said A(k in Execution, finding the Roads in a ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, in order to make the same pafiable:

The laid Witness laid before the Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls,

Vox,. 24,

for Fourteen Years paftj whereby it appeared to your Committee, that the Disbursements in many of the Years exceeded the Money collected:

And he being asked, whether any, and what. Debts were owing on the Credit of the said Act, he said, That there was a Debt of One thousand Pounds, which the said Trustees had borrowed of several Persons, ftilldue, carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds/><rr Centum per Annum-, and that although the fame, together with the Tolls collected, had been duly laid out, and applied, according to the Directions of the said Act, yet several Parts of the said Roads are Hill in a bad Condition, which, he said, could not be repaired, and kept so, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the aforesaid Act be further continued, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Town’s End

to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Thomas Master, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Bathurst, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill 1 Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the linking Year 1742, was read the Third time. Fund’

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1742.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable Piercy Wyndham Esquire, and other Wyndham’* the Devisees of Henry Earl of Thomond and Viscount Name. Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Obrien, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount s Will, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Winford, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Carew, Mr. Hammond, Lord iDonerail, Mr. Rolle, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Cornbury, Mr. McKye, Lord Strange, Sir Cor del Fire brace,

Mr. Smith, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Philips, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Chester,

Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Brereton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bramston, Lord Gage, Lord Guernsey,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Spencer, Mr.

Mr. Vyner, Sir John Chester, Mr. CMr. Montague, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Powney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Compton;

and all the Member^ who lerve for the Counties of So-merfet, Devon, and- Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for making more effeiftual the Disabling Laws now in being, for disabling Periods from being Persons chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of having Pen-Commons, who have any Pension during Pleafore, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for bers. them, be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by Stoke Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Goldmgton Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of K°*ds‘ the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horseshoe-House, in the Parish of Stoke-Goidington', in the: County of Bucks and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Newport-Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the tiorfi-shoe-House, was read a Second time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Mr. Wright, S.r John Rufhout, Mr. Mr.

Pelham, Lord Hartingtos, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Smith, Sir

Thomas

Annoyance of Trade by Spanish irivatecri.

Army; Mutiny and Delation.

Bluett's

Name.

Rolle’s

Name.

108 2* — 3° M . 1741,

Thomas Cave, Mr. Brct'tton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Earle, Lord Guernsey, Lord Strange, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr Lord Limerick, Sir Francis Dashwood, Earl of Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pilsworth, Sir

Hinde Cotton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Coke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pollen, Sir James Grant, Mr. Carew, Mr. Stewart, Dr. Lee, Lord Andover, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Boone, Sir Henry North cote, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Mr. Pratt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lechmere\ and all the Members who-serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Nottingham, and cester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Matters referred to their Consideration; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. PRAYIRS.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Buckland Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of according to the

Settlement made by Richard Nutcombe Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Rolle Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walter, according to the Direction of the lad Will and Testament of Sir Robert Walter Baronet, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto } which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, TrtW Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough Navigatloo> of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting torth.

That the said Town of Newark is a considerable Town of Trade for Corn, Coal, Wool, and other Merchandize; and that the River Trent divides into Two Branches, or Channels, from above the Place called the Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the said County of Nottingham, being upwards of Two Miles from the said Borough; one of which Branches, or Channels, runs under the Borough and Castle of the said Town of Newark, and joins again with the other Branch below a Place commonly called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South kam, in the said County of Nottingham, being near Two Miles below the said Town of Newark: That the Navigation through the Branch of the said River under the Borough of Newark, by reason of Mills erected, and by several Dams made across the same >n the Time of the late civil Wars, is quite obstructed; and the Petitioners, of late Years, by reason of several Sands and Snoals formed in the said Branch, have been obliged to land their Goods and Merchandize in the Meadows (the Property ol divers Perf ms) upwards of a Mile dillant from the said Town; and what Goods or Merchandize the Petitioners have Oc-calion to convey up the Trent, they are obliged to lend Two Miles by Land-Carriage, and there leave them exposed to the Weather on the Banks of the said River; and as the Petitioners are discharged from landing any more Goods or Merchandize in the said Meadows, the Petitioners are quite destitute of either Navigation or Wharf: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for making that Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable from below the Place commonly called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mufiam, to above the Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord IVm. , Mr.

cott, Mr. Pelham, Lord Guernsey, Sir James Grant,

Lord Sid. Beau clerk. Lord Dupflin, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Lloyd, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Page, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coke, Mr. dive,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Earle, Lord Chetw\nd,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Hopton, Mr. Winford, Lord Perceval, Mr. Pytt, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Lounge, Mr. Turner;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham,

Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to tend for Perfom,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Doraock, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dtr Tain, , Wick, and Kirkwall, in the room of the Honourable Charles Arejkine Esquire, whose Election for the said District of Burghs hath been declared void.

A Petition of several Merchants, whole Names are there- Importation unto subscribed, was presented to t he House, and read; representing to t he House, That the Petitioners were considerable Traders to <ypa/«,when in Amity with this Kingdom; and that theHouse having, on the 5th Day of February 1739, passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, which was to commence from the 24th Day of June 1740, the Petitioners did apprehend, they might

with

T*

"its

15 Geo. II.

3* — 40

109

with Safety order any Merchandize from thence, that consider further of Ways and Means for raising the could be brought into this Kingdom before the said 24th Supply granted to his Majesty;

of June’, and that, in consequence of the Orders given by the Petitioners at different times to their respective Correspondents in Spain (many of which were executed before the Declaration of War against that Kingdom, and the Jateft of them were lent from hence on or before the

Resolved,\That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolveitself into the said Committee.

The other Order the Day being read j The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Army; 14th Day of February 1739), sundry Parcels or Quanti- whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Mutiny *n4 ties of Wines were bought in Spain for the Petitioners Ac- Dei'ertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and e counts; of which there now remains unimported into this their Quarters.

~ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, That they

Kingdom, the Property of the Petitioners, a certain Quantity, not exceeding in the Whole Thirteen hundred and Eighty-lix Tons, which were immediately paid for, according to the Course of that Trade; great Part whereof

was actually shipped, and the rest ready to be shipped, and had made a Progress in the Bill} and that he was di would have arrived in this Kingdom Jong before the said reded by the Committee to move. That they may have Twenty-fourth Day of June, according to the usual time Leave to fit again.

of performing such Voyages; and that the said Bill was Under the Consideration of a Committee of the House of Lords on the 26th Day of February, and the time of the Commencement thereofwas then altered from the 24th Day ofy«etothe ill Day of; whereupon the Petitioners did, by the next Port, fend Orders to Spain, to flop the further shipping of the said Wines;and that the Amendments, made by the House of Lords, being sent to this House, and taken into Consideration on the 25th Day of March, some Amendments were made to them, and Conferences with the House of Lords were had thereupon, which rendered it uncertain what Day would be agreed upon for the Commencement of the said Act, until the 24th Day of April, when the First of June was the Day fixed; but it was then too late for the Petitioners to give Orders for importing the said Wines into this Kingdom by the First Day of June, as such Orders could not, according to the ufoal Course of the Poll,

Resolved, That this House Will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 40 die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Buckland Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of according to

the Settlement made by Richard Nutcombe Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the

Bluett*

Name.

reach their Correspondents in Spain till the Middle of May, and that the Petitioners have given Orders to their several Correspondents in Spain to export the said Wines Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed from thence to neutral Ports; and as the King of Spain, to the fame, without any Amendment, or hisSubjedts, cannot receive any Benefit or Advantage

from the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, and in Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom regard the Lois, which will otherwise be very great, mull the Petition of the Clergy, Gentry, and othersof his Ma-fall wholly on his Majesty’s Subjects, and the Duties jesty’s Subjects, residing near, and passing through, the payable for the same must be entirely loft, unless the said Highways and Roads between Buckingham and Wines are brought into this Kingdom (which cannot be dover, in the County of whole Names are there-

effected without the Aid of Parliament); praying the unto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee House to take the same of the Petitioners into Considera- had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had tion, and to grant them such Relief in the Premises, as directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House shall seem meet. to the House; And he read the Report in his Place,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 7 able;

Wendover,

tec.

Road*.

federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fazackerley, Sir John Turner, Mr. Whichcott, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Mr.

Leveson Gower, Mr. Doddiugton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Earle, Mr. Coke, Lord Perceval, Mr. Mr. Brodie, Lord

GuernJ'ey, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bramfon, Lord Strange, Lord

Mayor of London, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Scrope, Co- and-twenty Years.

Where the same was read; and is as fdloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agents for the Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act of Parliament, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham; and some Parts thereof were read j by which Act it appeared, That the Term thereby granted was to take place from the 25th Day of March 1722, and continue for One-

lonel Bladen, Sir Miles StapylSir Cor del Fire brace. Dr. Butler, Mr. Maule, Mr. Abercrombie, Lord Corn-bury, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Earl Fitzwilliams, Mr. Arfcott; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Sheppard and Nix. William Hey ton-, and they being feveraJJy examined, laid, That, notwithstanding all the Money, collected and raised by virtue of the aforesaid Act, had been duly laid out and applied according to the Direction thereof, yet several Parts of the Road are still

all that come are to have Voices: And they have Power in a bad Condition in the Winter-Sejlfbn: And they said.

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

that it was difficult to get Materials to repair the fame; and that some Sorts thereof are fetched more than Four Miles from the Road.

The laid Thomas Sheppard and William Hey ton being examined as to Persons passing a River called Padbury

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning River, which runs cross the said Road, they feveraJJy fdid, next, resolve itself into the said Committee. That many times in the Year, especiaJIy after

Rains, the Water is so high, that Coaches and Wheel-Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to carriages cannot pass; there being a Bridge for Horses 'wt Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, so and Foot Passengers only to pais over.

Vol. 14. Ft Ar.i*

{j

110

4° Martii.

And the same Witnesses iaid. That the Road cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in good Repair, and made commodious for all Passengers, Coaches, and \V heel-carriages, unless the former Act be continued for a further Term, and the said Act made more effectual; and also Power given for building a Bridge crpfs the -River before-mentioned, and Provision made for keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tybum and A Petition of several of the T ruftees appointed to put

Uxbridge, in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First,

ftc. Roads. ancj the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Persons living in, near, and usually travelling, the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said County, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted, continued, and made payable, for the several Terms therein mentioned, which expire the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Forty seven, for repairing the Highways by the said Acts directed to be repaired, containing in Length above Fourteen Miles: That the Tolls which have been collected, together with the Money borrowed by the Petitioners, the Trustees, by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof; notwithstanding which, some Parts of the said Highways are, in the Winter-Sealon, in a ruinous Condition: That the Trustees impowered to put the said Acts in Execution, cannoteled new Ones in the room of such as shall die, remove, or refuse to ad, till their Number is reduced to Twenty 5 and although there are at present more Trustees, yet the Number of such as usually ad is so final!, that the Petitioners, the Trustees, find it very difficult to procure a Meeting of Five Trustees to ad; without which Number none of the Powers granted by the said Acts can be executed; and forelefting and appointing new Trustees, Eleven of the Petitioners, the Trustees, are, by the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,.required to meet: That the before-mentioned Road, leading from Brent Bridge, over Part of Hanwell Heath, to the great Western Road, containing in Length about a Mile and a Half, isapublick Highway, and much frequented by heavy Carriages passing from the Town of Uxbridge, and other Parts of the said County of Middlesex, and of the County of Bucks, for the conveying of Corn, Meal, and Timber, to the Wharfs adjoining to or near the River Thames, and returning back with great Quantities of Coals, Fir-Timber, and other heavy Goods, for the Use of the Inhabitants of several Parts of the Country; by' means whereof the said last mentioned Road is become very bad and dangerous to Passengers in the Winter-Season; and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom: That the Money now due on the Credit of the (ubfifting Term cannot be repaid, nor the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, nor the Number of Trustees encreased, for the more effectual putting in Execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the said Acts without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts, and for making the same more effectual; and that Provi* 15

fion may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the faief Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Part ol Hanwell Heath, to the great Western Road aforesaid, in such manr. ner as to the House shall seem meet-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examing the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Furneff'c, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lockyear, Mr. Tower,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Laroche, Lord Chet — wynd, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir J. Boverie, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Sydenham, Sir N. Curzon, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Best, Lord Carpenter, Sly fVm. Clayton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Hill, Mr. Foley, Mr,

Gore, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir IVm. Irby, Mr. Dougldj,

Mr. Wright, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Carew, Lord Guerrfeyt Sir John Barnard, Sir James Grant, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Cole broke, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Phillips, Mr. IVinf or J,

Dr. Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Edwin

Mr. Selwyn, Lord Perceval, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lowndes,

Nicholas Williams-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Oxon, and Worcester And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cloclc, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to‘ fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second’ Di&bling Reading of the Bill for making more effectual the Laws Persons now in being for dilkbling Persons from being chosea Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Com- being Mem-mons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any bers. Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, ThaJt the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Then the House, according to Order, proceeded to the Hedoa Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Algernoon Earl Eie&ioa. of Mountrath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Berkeley Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners (no Counsel attending for the Sitting-Members) were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at t)he Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And a Copy of the Poll taken at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough being produced, the total Numbers of the Voters for the several Candidates at that Election were read:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that many of the Electors were bribed by Agents for the Sitting-Members to vote for them at that Election, whose Votes being deducted from the Poll, the Counsel ih-fifted that the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

The House was informed by One of their Members, that Mr. Chute, One of the Sitting-Members, being absent by reason of Sickness, hath authorized him to acquaint this House, that he desires not to give them any Trouble; 7

And

GoO^lC

r$ Geo. II. 40 — -5'

.And Mr. Robinson, the other Sitting-Member, being absent;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Francis Chute Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Hedon, in the County of York;

It passed in the Negative, nemine contradicente.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Luke Robfhfon Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hedon;

It passed in the Negative, nemine contradicente.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Right Honourable Algernooti Earl of Mountrath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Honourable George Berkeley Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hedon.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York, to amend the fame, by rafing out the Names of Francis Chute Esquire, and Luke Rob inf on Esquire, and by infer ting the Names of the Right Honourable Algernon Earl of Mountrath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Honourable George Berkeley Esquire, instead thereof.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to the Hoafe of re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Commons, upon the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

TradctT The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the >1 anlfliW- ®ePort from the Committee of the whole House, to ateers. whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are-as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, notwithstanding the repeated Applications of the Merchants for Cruizers to be properly Rationed for the Protection of the Trade of this Nation from the Privateers of the Enemy, the due and necessary Care has not been taken to keep a proper Number of his Majesty’s Ships em- . ployed in that Service, more especially in and near the Channel and Soundings; for want of which, many Ships have been taken by the Enemy, some of them of considerable Value, to the great Loss of many of his Majesty’s Subjects, the great Advantage and Encouragement of the Enemy, and the Dictionour of this Nation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Detcntion of the Fleet of Merchant Ships botmd to Portugal, for near Twelve Months, by the Refusal of Protections for some time, and the Delay of Convoy afterwards, gave our Rivals in Trade an Opportunity of introducing new Species of their'Woollen Manufactures into Portugal, to the great Detriment of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better protecting and securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in Times of War.

The First Resolution of the (hid Committee being read a Second time, w.as, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House,

* Vol. 24.

Martii. r I

The Second Resolution of the* said Committee being read a Second time; "

Part of the Copy of a Letter from Consul Comptonto; the Duke of Newcastle, 1740-1, sent to-the:.

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty,. February 2d, \

1740.], which was presented to this House by Mr. Comptroller upon the First Day of February 1 aft, was read;

Then the said Resolution was agreed to by the House#

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given:' to bring in a Bill for the better protecting and securing. the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in Times of War: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Sir John Barnard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the First and Second Resolution of thd Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the subscribing' Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and of the Trade of these Kingdoms; and* also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, which Resolutions have been this Day agreed to by the House, be humbly laid before his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

The other Order of the Day being read; -

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the A[my; whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punifo-ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Monson took the Chair of the Committee, '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Monson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when* the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. .

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovtf Morning, Nine of the Clock. -TV

Vzneris, 5° die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable John Rolle Esquire, and Rolled his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms Name of Walter, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert Walter Baronet,' deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Rolle Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walter, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert Walter Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, Hedon amended the Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the Elefuon. County of York.

The Lord William Manners reported from the Com- Trent mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Navigation, Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Nezvark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was* read; and is as followeth $ viz.

i! 2 5* — 8° Martiu A

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, Mr. Robert Sprigging, Agent for the Petitioners, called

Mr. Robert Hall, who said, That he was born in, and knows, the Town of Newark very well: That the same is a considerable Town of Trade for Corn, Coals, Wool, and other Merchandize; which Commodities, when they are to be sent or brought by Water up or down the Trent, must be carried about Two Miles to and from the said Town by Land; and that Waggons and other Car-gages, that bring Corn to the said Town, and load back with Coals, which is a large Branch of Commerce there, are obliged to go Two Miles to fetch them; which might be avoided, by making that Branch of the River navigable from the Parting of the Stream at the upper Wear, to its joining again at the Crankleys, which at present is prevented by Sands and Shoals,

The Reverend Mr, Matt hew Bradford, being examined, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence, so far as the same relates to the Trade of the Town, and the Difficulty of navigating that Part of the River before-mentioned.

Then he laid before the Committee, a Plan of the Two Branches of the River, from their Dividing at the upper Wear, and their Joining again at the Crankleys.

He allb laid before the Committee a Weekly Paper, published according to Order of Parliament, dated March 13th, 1646, and intituled, Perfect Occurrences of both Houses of Parliament, and Martial Affairs; by which it appeared, that, at the time, there was a Design of turning the Stream of that Branch of the River which runs near Newark.

He further said, That he, by the Proprietors Order, had given Notice to the Inhabitants of Newark, and all other Persons, that no more Goods should be laid in the Meadows, where Goods are now laid, to be sent or brought by the Barges, the Meadows being much prejudiced by that Practice; he having fcen Twenty Horses feeding in the Meadows at one time, while the Carriages were loading and unloading with Commodities that were brought there, and were to be carried by Water; and the different Tracts the Carriages made in coming to the Wharfs; notwithstanding which, he had granted a Liberty fbr Persons to lay their Goods as before, till an Act of Parliament could be obtained this Session, for making the aforesaid Branch of the River navigable, which runs through Newark, as appeared to your Committee by a Paper laid before them, signed M. Bradford, Rector of Colling ham, dated July 15th, 1741.

Mr. Robert Hearne and Mr. Robert Spraggirg severally confirmed the Evidence of Robert Hall; and further said. That, by the aforesaid Notice, if an Act of Parliament for making the aforesaid Branch that runs near Newark navigable could not be obtained, the Inhabitants would have neither Wharfs nor Navigation;

That great Quantities of Goods are sent from Newark to Derby, Nottingham, and other Places of great Trade, by Water; and the Navigation being at present Two Miles from Nnvark, the Traders are obliged iometimes to leave their Goods exposed to the Weather a Day, Day and Half, or Two Days, for an Opportunity of Barges, as they go sooner or later, as the Wind serves; by which Delays, Goods are often damaged, to the great Loss of the Owner.

They were severally asked, If any Alteration was de-(igned to the upper Wear ? They said, Not as to the Dimensions; and that the Course of the River would not be at all prejudiced, as they thought and believed, by the intended Navigation.’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Branch or Channel of the River Trent navigable from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to their Joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County: And that the Lord William Manners and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wendcvtr, Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to

*c. Road*. Order, a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual.

an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Monson, according to Order, reported from the Anry;

Committee of the whole House, to^ivliom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amende ment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House? will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ^*5* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IV1 Regis, 1741#

Praters.

A PETITION of the Clothiers, Dyers, Cardmakers, Woollct and others, concerned in making mixed and medley ’ Manufoflit Broad-Cloth, in the Town of Froome, in the County of Somerset, and Places adjacent, complaining of the Decay of their Trade; which, as the Petitioners apprehended, isoccafioned by the unlawful Practice of running Wool to France, and other foreign Parts, together with the unbounded Licence many Persons take in setting up the Trade of making Cloth without serving an Apprenticeship to it, or having a proper Skill and Understanding w in the Manufacture: And praying Relief: And also,

A Petition of the chief Inhabitants of the Town and Ditto, Parish of Wellington, in the County of Somerset, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in the said Town and Parish, and of the Encrease of the Poors Rates, which are now more than Six times as much as they were some Years past; owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Exportation of Wool to France: And praying Relief:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; and severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton9 in the County of Devon, is referred.

Mr. Godolphin reported from the Committee, to whom 5*4 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Godolphin’i, confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, &c* and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable Francis Earl Godolphin, and the Dean and Chapter of Ely, for

shaking

b,

Answer to Resolutions laid before the King.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Army;

Mutiny and Desertion.

Lord

Montfort’s

Estate.

upply Bill, Sinking Fund.

arl More* n’a Efta'e Orkney.

toucher’s

Nat.

ique’ruy’e

Nat.

Iorden’s

'fame.

15 Geo. IL

86 'Mart

ii$

making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath or Heath-ground, in t he County of Cambridge, and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hid given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:. And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Resolutions of this-House or 'Ihurjday last, which were ordered to be laid before his Majesty; and that his Majesty was.pleated to say* That he will always have Regard to what is represented to'him by the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Comezvall, the Lord Gage, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thomas Foley junior; Mr. Hopton, and Mr. Winford, do prepare, Ind bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the- Army, and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. MonJ'on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Lord Mont-forty in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, inTrufl to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or One of them, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1742, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dissolving and disannexing from the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, and for vesting the same irredeemably in James Earl of Moreton, and his Heirs, discharged from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Boucher, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and Michael Henry Duque'ruy, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enabling William Morden Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, pursuant to the Will of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coke, Lord Dupplin, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Doneraile, Colonel Elliot, Mr. Gre-/ Vot. 24.

Supplj*

gory> Mr. Fane, Colonel BladeH, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir James Grant, Mr. Carter, Mr. Brereton, Sir John CheJ-ter, Sir iV. Curzon, Sir Wm. Corbett, Earl Fiizwilliams,

Mr. Gy b bon, Sir John Peachy Mr. Calthrbpe, Sir Francis DaJhvjood, Mr. Powle/t, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fonnereau,

Sir John Turher, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ca-rew, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gore, Mr. Strode, Mr. Fen-wick, Lord Quarrendony Lord Barrington, Mr. Godolphin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties; of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge i And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1742, Land-Service, b£ referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1741, be referred to the said Committed.

Ordered, That the Surplusses dated at Michaelmas 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th Day of January 1741, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported, from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the DisabJing whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual Persons hav-the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being Pensiona chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. I

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Chick.

Ways and Means.

1T4

Marti!

A1741

MarJis> 9° die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Pa "at e its.

Woollen A PETITION of the Persons, whose Names are Manufacture* £\ thereunder written, the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of HolcombrRogus,. Burlejcombe, Uffculme,

Culmstock, Hemyoke, Sampford P ever el, and Halbert on, in' ' the Courity of Devon, was prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of the Practice of running Wool to France, in Defiance of the Laws, to the Decay of the' Manufacture, and the Impoverishment and Distress of the Petitioners: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Dezon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

DuqueVuy's The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Nat. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and Michael Henry Duque'ruy: And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 4. Leave out " and."

L. 7. After <c America' insert " John Andrew Begon, Son of Andrew Begon, by Mary his Wife, <c born in the Town of Vigan, in the Province of Languedoc in France, Andrew Girardot Buffer es, Son of John " Girardot- by Jane his Wife, born at Paris, and Catherine Jane lngoldjby, Daughter of John Coufmaker, by Elizabeth " Mary his Wife, born at Sas-Van Ghent in Flanders."

L. 17. Leave out "and," and after the Second _c< Duque'ruy" insert " John Andrew Begon, Andrew Girardot Buijfieres, and Catherine Jane lngoldjby P

L. 30. Leave out " and", and after the Second " Duque'ruy" insert " John Andreio Begon, Andrew Girardot Buijfieres, and Catherine Jane lngoldjbyP P. 2. L. 16. Leave out " and."

L. 17.- After "Duque'ruy" insert " John An*

<c drew Begon, Andrew Girardot Buijfieres, and Catherine " Jane lngoldjby"

L 26. Leave out €i and.'*

L. 27. After Duque'ruy' insert " John An-<c drew Begon, Andrew Girardot Buijfieres, and Cathervie Jane lngoldjbyP

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2, leave out <c and, " and at the End of the Title, add and others."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry1 the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Earl An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act GfHoh)hin,s, for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agree-Scc. Mate. ment, and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable Francis Earl Godolphin and the Dean and Chapter of Ely, for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-ground, in the County of Cambridge, and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord An inSro^ from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mont fort's for veiling the settled Estate of Henry Lord Montjort, in

Eltaie. the County of Worcester, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and to lay out and apply the ^Ioney arising.by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or One of them, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed' to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was* referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his^ Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had dire'sted him1 to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the1 same were read; and are as follow; viz. -

Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Commit fee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, ‘ for Land-Service, for the Year 1742.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-two thoulaud Seven hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land-Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, t That a sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Seven f hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-duties at Christnids 1740.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to the Go(r6mor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due on or before the 8th Day of March 1740, on the principal Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by them lent on Credit of the Salt-duties, tbwards the Supply of the Year 1735.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Sixty-three thousand Seven hundred Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1741.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Rill for continuing, and making more effectual, an Wendover, Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late &c. Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Roads, repairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lozvndes,

Mr. Winjord, Sir Paul Methuen, Dr. Lee, Sir N. Curzon,

Mr. Legge, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Guernsey, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. John Grenville, Lord Dupplitiy Sir Robert Longy Mr. Rowney, Lord Hartlngton, Mr. Banks, Mr.

Boone, Sir F: Dashwood, Lord Perceval, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Torke, Lord Limerick, Lord Quarrendon, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Pitt, Lord Fiizwil-hams, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hanbury Williams,

Mr. Wigley, Mr. G. Grenvilleand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Hertford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Motion for House do go with the Mace into WestmmJler Hall, the Inquiry imo

It5 Geo. II.

ioD Ma

*5

Exportation of Wool.

Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House. And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed' to enquire into the Conduct of our Affairs at Hpme and Abroad, during the last Twenty Years:

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

ILord Marquis of Hari-^k Tellers for the Noes,? ington, > 144.

(Mr. Winnington. )

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read ;.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 10° die Martii; Anno i5° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Prayers.

Goidington Compton reported from the Committee, to whom

Road. °n 1VJL the Bill for enlarefn

larging the Term and Powers granted by Two A<5ls of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horseshoe-House, in the Parish of Stoke-Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Nezvport-Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Horseshoe-House, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, fot putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Led-? bury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted and made payable by the Laid Ad, for the Term therein mentioned, for repairing several Roads leading from the said Town of Ledbury; which,'computed together, amounted in Length to upwards of Thirty Miles; which Roads, at the Time of passing the said Act, were in a very ruinous Condition; and that although the Petitioners have caused the Money arising by the said Tolls to be justly applied towards repairing the said Roads, pursuant to the said Act, yet, by reason of the Length and Badness'of the Road directed to be repaired, and the Smallness of the Income arising yearly from the said Tolls, the Petitioners have not been able to repair all the said Roads; and that such Parts of the said Roads as have already been amended, unless constant Care be taken to look after the fame, and keep them in Repair (being in a deep Soil, and heavy Carriages frequently passing over them) will, in afhort time, become ruinous, and almost impassable; nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, without an Enlargement of the said Term: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said Act: granted, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.:

And it is referred to Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Thomas Gorey Mr. Richard P turner, Mr. Bennety Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr Bowles, Nix. Southwell, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Rollc, Mr. Martin, Lord Andover, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Edmund thorn as, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Hen. Bathurst, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Eufton, Mr. Pley dell, Lord Geo. Sacville, Sir John Rujk-oiit, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Selivyn, Mr. Onslow, Brigadier-General Onslow, Mr. Baker, Mr. Digby, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Grant, Mr. Phillips, Dr. Butler, Mr. Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Godolphiti, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Coke, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Mr. Powney, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Grove, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Price, Mr. Page, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Kynafi&n, Mr. Banks, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Tyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ‘

Ledbury

Roads.

Accounts re- The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from specting the the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; nufacture^ He was ca^ec^ *n an^> at ^ie Bar, presented to the a ’ '"House, pursuant to their Orders, a Return to an Order '*of th^is House, of the 22d Day of February last; together with an Account of all Wool and Woollen or Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to England, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported from England, from Christmas 1715, to Christmas 1740; distinguishing each Year, and how much from London, and how much from the Out-ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return, and the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie . upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 24.

Mr. Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the , Mordent Bill for enabling William Mor den Esquire, and his Heirs Name. Male, to take and use the Surname of Harbord, pursuant to the Desire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him' to report 'to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crowle reported from the Committee, to whom Kingston the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or upp^u11

Borough

ij 6

io° — 11° Martii.

A. 1741.

borough of Kingston upon Hull, Was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor thereof: And also.

An Act passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-,

Were severally produced to the Committee, and read.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. John Chambers, and Mr. John Inman, who feve-' rally laid, That the Poor of the said Town are very much increased within these Ten Years, inso much that the yearly Sums, which the said Corporation are, by both the before-mentioned Acts, impowered to raise, are not sufficient to maintain the Poor under their Care; and that the said Corporation, by supplying their Necessities, are become greatly indebted: To remedy which, the Corporation are desirous that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes expressed in the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor in the said Town: And that Mr. CroColonel Bladen, and Mr. Carter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Wayj next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mans, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Disabling whole House, to whom the Bill for making more effectual j"erson,p the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of being Mem-Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for bets, any number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, H° die Marlii;

Anno 15* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

Prayirs.

MR. Alderman Heathcotepresented to the House, St.Catherine

according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend Coleman, an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Ma- Church, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish. of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, and for making the said Act more eftbft.ua! for I Wf

the Purposes thereby intended: And the same was re- 1

ceived and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kirkcaldy

Harbour.

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town-Council, The House being informed} That some of the Com- Accounts of of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, was presented to the House, missioners for Taxes attended at the Door; Land Tax

and read; setting. forth, That the Town of Kirkcaldy is They were called in } and, at the Bar, presented to the "nd.Ho"f' extremely well situated for carrying on a foreign Trade, to House, pursuant to their Orders, An Account of what re"’*’ the Benefit of the Country in general, and that Town in Arrears of Land-Taxes were Handing out at Christmas particular, the Country round itabounding in Coal-works, last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose and there being within the Town itself confidence Salt- Hands the said Arrears remained } distinguishing each works: That these Advantages have, in a great measure. Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel been loft both to the Town and Country by the Badness the Payment thereof: And also, of its Harbour, which, for several Years pass, has been in An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses great Dtfrepair: That, in order to repair the lame, and were Handing out at last, with the Names of

put it in such a Situation as to render these natural Ad- the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Ar-vantages useful to the Town and Country, it will be ne- rears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Pro-cefiaiy to lay out a very considerable Sum, which the ceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,

Revenues of the Town cannot answer: And therefore praying, That a Duty of Two Penies Scots may be granted and laid upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be for Sale brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, and fold, within the said Town, and Liberties thereof, payable by

*1116 Brewers, Venders, Sellers, and Tapsters, of such Ale to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Merchants, and other principal inhabitants and Clothiers, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; which is owing. And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Sir Arthur Forbes, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the large Quantises of

and Beer, during such Term of Years, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Woollen

MamiLSure.

Mr. Fane, Mr. Torke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Rowney, Dr.

Butler, General Churchill, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Barrington, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Coke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Phillips, S’r James Grant, Lord {guartendon, Mr. Stewart, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Bacon, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonnerrau, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who fervo for North Britain: And they are to meet u

English and IriJJt Wool exported yearly into France: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Sir

15 Geo. II. 11°

Wyndham’s Sir Charles Wyndham reported-from the Committee, Name. to w|i0tn the Bill to enable Esquire, and

other the Devil'ces of Henry Earl of , and Vif-

count Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the Surname

of Obrien, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount s

Will, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dire«5ted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Morden’s An ingrafted Bill for enabling Wm. Morden Esquire, Name. and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, pursuant to the Desire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling William Mcrden Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, pursuant to the Desire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Montgomery Sir Watkin Williams Wynne Baronet, being chosen a Wnt* Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Montgomery and also a Knight of the Shire for the County of made his Election to

serve for the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the

room of the said Sir Watkin Williams Wynne.

Woollen A Petition of the Gentlemen and Clothiers of the Manufacture. County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, Manufacturers, employed in the Woollen Ma -i nufadory, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, notwithstanding the Care of the Legislature to guard against the Irregularities which might arise in the Mystery of Clothmaking, several great Abuses have of late crept into the lame, to the great Loss of the Nation, Distress of thp Poor, and Injury of the Mailer Clothiers, whereby the said Trade is reduced to a languishing Condition; which, if not timely remedied, the Petitioners conceive will be attended with the moll pernicious Consequences, and end in the Ruin of the Manufacture, to the great Loss of our national Commerce; and that among these, the Petitioners apprehend, the illicit Liberty many Persons have taken of late Years, to let up this Trade, without having either served a lawful Apprenticeship to the lame, or having proper Skill in the Manufacture, hath been one great Source of the Evils and Abuses which have been introduced into it, and a great cause of the Decay of this valuable Manufacture; and that by this destrudive Liberty upon every little Motion of Trade, Persons of little or no Skill have rulhed into this Occupation, debauched the labouring Hands, and thereby occasioned these Goods to be made in a scandalous and deceitful manner, to the great Discredit of this Commodity at foreign Markets; and at the same time raised the Price of Labour, by their Imprudence, to such an exorbitant Height, as the Nature of the Manufacture will not bear, whereby Clothiers of Skill and Reputation have not been able to carry on their Trade, as formerly, and many of them have been forced to abfoond, and become Bankrupts, and others to leave off Trade: And that this pernicious Practice, instead of being advantageous to the Poor, tends apparently to their Injury, by drawing many raw and unexperienced labouring Hands into the Trade, more than the Manufacture, in the greatest Extent, could ever support, they having, for many Years, been employed in an uncertain manner, having Work only at particular Seasons of the Year, being sometimes over-paid for their Voi. 24.

Martiu 117

Labour, and other times under-paid, and often without any Work at all; from whence, at one time they arc insolent, idle, debauched, and mutinous, through the extravagant Wages they receive; and at another time languishing in distressed Circumstances, and thereby become a Burthen upon the Parishes: And further, that these Men of little or no Skill, who have suddenly engaged in the Trade, to compensate for the extravagant Wages they give, have often paid the Poor in Truck, in lieu ot Money, and used other oppressive Methods, which have brought an Odium upon the Reputation of the Clothiers in general, though without any Foundation: And that, by an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen , it is, amongst other things, enacted, " That no Person shall make any " Woollen Cloths, or Kerseys, to be sold, unless such Persons shall have been Apprentices to the Oecupation of making and rowing of Cloth, or Kerseys, or " have been exercised therein by the space of Seven " Years before, upon the Pain of Forfeiture of such " Cloth, or the Value thereof," in order, as the Petitioners apprehend, to prevent unskilful Persons from entering into the Trade; which Ad has proved ineffectual to produce this good End; praying, therefore, the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating of the Cloathing-Trade; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thomas Gore,

Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Gore, Lord Baltimore,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Denton, Mr. Packer, Mr. Powney, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Plydell, Mr. , Sir

Philip Musgrave, Lord Granard, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Price, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Winford, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Pytts,

Mr. John Pitt, Lord Guernsey, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Proby, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr.

Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Bramston, Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Mr. MelHJh; Mr. PlumptreMr. Wright, Sir Boiler Charnocke, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Strode, Mr.

Ongley, Sir Wm, Clayton, Mr. Godo Mr. Lowndes, iMr; Wynne, Mr. Earle, Mr. Faughan, Mr. O/wald, Sir

John St. Aubin, Mr. Carew, Mr. Yorke, Sir Charles Wynd-

"ham; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom Bromsgrove the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of cester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Act relates ^o the repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual, was committed, That the Committee ha^ examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: Which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at^the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Sill, being severalfy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

H h Mr.

i8

n

Martii.

A. 1741.

the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

p, Tabling Mr. Carets), according to Order, reported from the taking Advantage of the Ambiguity of others have af-.

rerfom hav- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fumed to themselves, under the Title of feied Vestry-ingPeofiona making more effectual the Laws now in being, for dif- men, the various Powers and Authorities o, assessing Mcwbc*r, S abling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting levying all or most of the parochial Rates and Assess-' or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pen- ments, of eleding and appo.nt.ng Churchwardens, Over-fion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or kers, and other Officers and Servants, into the Offices or any Office held in Trail for them, the Amendments Plac« of Trail or Profit, within the said Parishes, of which the Committee had made to the Bill j and which Passing their Accounts, and of appropriating and apply-they had directed him to report to the House: And he ing Money lo assessed and lev.ed, and, in general, of read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered managing the Affairs of the said Panihcs, exclusive of the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, and without the Knowledge and Concurrence of, the rclt A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the Inhabitants: That, in the Execution of these That the Bill be re-committed; Powers, the said leledt Vestrymen have assessed the said

It passed in the Negative. Rates unequally, have collected and levied them partially,

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to by favouring some, and oppveffing others, have applied the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, Monies illegally, by diverting them to other Purposes upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by than those to which they were raised, have imposed bur-the House. thenfome Offices on some, without, any Rule of Rotation,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to vacate and excused others therefrom, for pecuniar)' Considera-the Seat of a Member of the House of Commons, who, tions, and other unwarrantable Reasons: That the said after taking his Seat in the said House, shall accept from ^Jedt Vestrymen hold their said pretended Offices for the Crown, a Pension during Pleasure, or Office to be Life, ifresident in the said Pariffics, deft others, as Places

held in Trail for him. become vacant, secrete their Accounts and Transactions,

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank, and have refused the Inhabitants the Inspection or Know-which was filled up. lege thereof; a Power the Petitioners apprehend to be

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put superior to that of any other Body known to this Consti-thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of tution, and inconsistent with the Liberty of the Subject:

That these, besides many other Grievances, Exadions, and Oppressions, of the said feled Vestrymen, tend to create Controversies, Uneasinesses, and Disputes, amongst the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, to render them dependent, and to weaken the Security which every Subject of Great Britain ought to enjoy, for the Preservation of Mr. Secretary at War presentdi to the House pur- his Property: And therefore praying the House to take suant to their Address to his Majesty; the Premises into Consideration, and to order, that a

Copy of the Right Honourable the Earl of Hertford’s Bill be brought in for the ltedress of these Grievances, by Commission, as Governor of Minorca: And also, regulating the said Vestries and Government of the said

Copy of Major-General Anjlruther's Commission, as Parishes, and for the Relief of the Petitioners, in such

manner as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it A Lift of the Officers belonging to the Establishment shall appear to them, to the House: of Minorca; distinguishing which of them are upon the And it is referred to Lord Perceval, Mr. , Sir

Place, and which of them are absent: And also, John Hynd Cotton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Attorney-

An Account, shewing how long each Regiment jjow General, Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr. J. Grenville,

in Garrison, in Minorca, has been in that Island. Lord Strange, Mr. G. Grenville, Mr. , Mr.

And the Titles of the said Copies, Lift, and Account, Phillips, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Strode, Sir H. were read. Mr. Pulteney, Alderman Heathcote, Sir John

The said Copies, Lift, and Account, are bound up Sir Watkin Wynne, Mr. Earle, Lord Bar-

with the other Papers of this Session. , Mr. Oswald, Sir H. Mr. Smith, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Copies, Lift, and Account, do Mr. Carew, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hayward, Sir

lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Provsfe, Sir Ro-

the House. hert Sir James Grant, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Walters, Mr. Laroche, Sir Hen. Lyddel, Mr.

The Lord William Manners presented to the House, mondeley, Mr. Mr. Nicholas Herbert, Mr. Pop-

according to Order, a Bill for making the Branch or ham. Lord Guernsey, Lord inchequin, Mr. Edwin, Lord Channel of the River Trent navigable, rrom the dividing Limerick, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Winnington, Mr. of the Stream at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the Mr. Bramston, Lord Gage, Mr. Earl

County of Nottingham, to their joining again at a Place Fitzwilliams, Mr. Lord Chetzvynd, Mr. Chetwynd,

called the Crankleys, in the same Sounty: A°d the same Mr, Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the was received> and read the First time. County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster: And they

Mr. Pelham, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the the House, That his Majesty having been informed of Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, that the Persons, Papers, and Records; and all that come are to House, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, may, have Voices, do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

CSovf rnors of 'Minorca’* Commissions, *c.

Lieutenant-Governor of Minorca: And also.

Copy of Major-General Handafyd*s Commission, as Lieutenant-Governor of Fort St. Philip in Minorca: And also,

Trent

Navigation*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- L;roW,. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of che whole officers m ' House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Freedom the House of St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the the House of Commons, rest of the Inhabifants of the said respective Parishes, was

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Ve firies^*ar^es Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St.

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a particular Number of Men in each of the said Parishes, by wresting the Sense of some Laws now in being, and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

12° Mar tit.

15 Geo. II-

119

2° die Martii

Brington

inclosure.

Veneris-y - *.

Anno 15* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Honourable John Spencer Esquire*

Lord of the Manor of New-boitlc-grove, otherwise No-bottle-grove, in the County of Northampton, and of the several Owners of Lands, lying in the common Fields of Great Brington and Little Brington, within the Parish of Great Brington, in the said County of Northampton, being Parcel of the said Manor of New-bottle-grove, otherwise No-bottle-grove, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Lands of each Proprietor Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the lie intermixed and dispersed in the said common Fields, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-which by Experience has been found detrimental and in- mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and convenient to the said Proprietors; and that the said Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year common Fields, so long as the same remain open and un- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inclosed, are rendered incapable of Improvement: And intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the Town of to the Town of Dudley, in the

a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common Fields. County of , and from the said Town of BromJ-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- grove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County o cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that wick, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing the Mr. Hume Campbell and Dr. Lee do prepare, and bring in Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of

Fane, Mr. Winford, Mr. G. Grenville, Mr. Kent, Mr.

MuJJenden, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Mr. Brudenell, Mr.

Borland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Carter, Mr. Sydenham, Alderman Marshall, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Which cote. Sir James Grant, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Phillips, Lord Strange, Mr. Powney, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. Coke, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Berkeley, and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of minster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

Bromsgrcre

Roads,

the fame.

Confirming Sale of Provisions to Markets.

Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of

St. Martin in the Fields, St. James Westminster, St. George

Hanover-Square, St.Anne Westminster, St. Paul Covent-Garden, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary le Strand, the Pre- the said Report: cinct of the Savoy, St. Mary le Bon, St. Giles in the Fields, And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Com-St. Andrew Holborn, and St. Paul Shadwell, in the mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time. County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto sub- were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed (bribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inha- to by the House.

bitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of Butchers, ingrossed.

Poulterers, and Fishmongers, or Sellers of Flefb, Fowl,

or Fish, keep Shops, or fell in the publick Streets or A Petition of William Lord Abergavenny, Lord of the Places out of the Markets, within the several Parishes Manor of AJion Cant low, in the County of Warwick, aforesaid, to the great Annoyance of the neighbouring In- Francis Lord Owner of the impropriate Rectory

habitants, and all Persons passing the Streets; and that of Cantlow aforesaid, and John Eliot Gentleman, the proper Places for felling the Goods and Things afore- being Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands, lying dif-said are, as the Petitioners conceive, the public Markets perfect in the open and common Fields of AJion Cantlow appointed for those Purposes, of which there are many, aforesaid, and the respective Hamlets of Willmcott, Sheltered conveniently situated for supplying the Inhabitants field, Newnham, and Little Alne, within the Manor and of the Districts aforesaid; and that the Laws at present in Parish of AJion Cantlow aforesaid, was presented to the being are not sufficient to remove the Persons felling the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are Goods and Things aforesaid, out of the public Streets, severally seised or possessed of, and entitled unto, divers into the Markets; but if sufficient Power was given for Parcels and Quantities of Land, lying dispersed in the-that Purpose by a Law, it would be of general Benefit open and common Fields of AJion Cantlow, and the re-and Convenience to the Inhabitants, not only by remov- spective Hamlets aforesaid; and the Petitioners are also ing the Annoyances aforesaid, but as it will cause a better possessed of small Inclosures, taken out of the said com-and more general Supply of Provisions in the Markets, mon Fields and Hamlets:' That every Proprietor hath a where the Prices will be better settled, and known, and Right of Common for his, her, and their Cattle, in and Persons coming to buy, leis liable to Imposition, and- over all and every of the said open and common Fields, prevent the exposing to Sale great Quantities ofunwhol- and commonable Places, wherein their respective Lands some Food, now disposed of in the Streets and private lie: That the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed over Shops; and many other Benefits would arise to the Inha- the whole Fields, in small Parcels, and are most of them bitants from publick Markets: And therefore praying incommodiously situate with respect to the several Houses the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and of the respective Proprietors: That by reason of the great give Leave that a Bill maybe brought in to prevent Per- Difficulty and Expence of carrying Soil and Manure to Ions from felling the Goods and Things aforesaid, and so many different and.distinct Places, and for want of in-from setting up, and keeping Shops, for the Purposes closed Ground to keep a Stock of Cattle, the said Lands aforesaid, except in the publick Markets, within the le- are greatly impoverished; and, as they are now occupied, veral Parishes aforesaid. are incapable of any Improvement, and frequent Tref-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- palles and Disputes do happen among the Proprietors:

That in case the said Lands, which now lie open and intermixed, as aforesaid, and the said Inclosure, weredivided and inclosed, the same would be greatly improved, and

A/lon

Cantlowr

inclosure.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edwin, Lord Perceval, Sir such Trespasses and Disputes prevented: That notwith-IThomas Drury, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Earle, Handing the Petitioners are willing and desirous that such

Mr. Gybbon, Lord Guernsey, Lord Hartington, Sir N. Inclosures and Divisions should be made as aforesaid and Curzon, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord the same would tend to their mutual Advantage, and the Chetwynd, Lord Baltimore, Colonel Beake, Sir John Crojfe, publick Good; yet the same cannot be effectually efta-Lord Carpenter, Lord Gage, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Laroche, blished to answer the Intention of* the Parties interested Mr. Ingram, Mr, Hampden, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Francis in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of Parlia-Voi. 2. ' ' mcnU

Minehead

Writ.

Wotton

Underwood

Inclosure.

120

Martii.

A. 1741.

ment: And therefore praying, That L.eave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing, letting out, and allotting, the said common Fields and Inclol'ures taken thereout, within the Manor and l’arish of Cantlozv aforesaid, unto, amongst, and for the Benefit of, the several Freeholders and Proprietors, in proportion to

Gentlemen, are felled of all the Lands in the said common Fields, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish of IVotton Underwood, and are all the Persons who have any Right of Common on the said Lawnd; and the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels over the said common Fields and unin-

their rel'peilive Quantities of Lands, Interests, and Com- doled Grounds, and few of them are cominodiouily situ-nion Right, in the said Manor, and Parish. ared with respect to the Proprietors thereof; and lo

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- long as the said common Fields, Wastes, and other

j: ‘ ’ " r 'r , ’ ’ '* Grounds, lie open and uninclosed, many Difficulties and

Inconveniencies will attend the Cultivating thereof, and the same will not be capable of Improvement: And that the Petitioner, and the said Join and John Beck,

are desirous that the said common Fields, Wastes,

and other Grounds, should be divided and inclosed, and Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament alt Right of Common therein extinguished; and for 1'a-for the Borough ot Minehead, in the County of Somerset, cifitating such Inclosure, and to make the same morecom-in the room of Francis Whitworth Esquire, deceased.

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay and Mr. Thomas Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifliic his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

fat

t;Ma

A Petition of Richard Grenville Esquire, Lord of the Manor of IVotton Underzvood, in the County of Bucks, for himself, and on behalf of all the other Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish of Wotton Underwood, was pretented to the House,

modious and beneficial to them, have consented to make several Exchanges of their rel'peilive Lands, one with the other: But that although such Exchanges, Division, and Inclosure, will be of considerable Benefit to the said teve-ral Parties, and an Improvement of their respective Estates; yet, in regard the said Lord Archbishop, and the said Warden and Scholars, are restrained by Law and read; setting forth, That there are divers common from alienating the Rights of their See and College, and Fields, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, together with the said Wardens and Commonalty, and the said Thomas a Common called Wotton Lawnd, in the Manor and Pa- Berry, John , and Henry Eeles, are only Trustees:

rish of Wotton Underwood, in the said County of Bucksj And that the Estates of some of the other Proprietors and that the Petitioner is Lord of the said Manor, and and Land-Owners are under Family Settlements, whereby seised of the greatest Part of the Land lying in the said they are disabled from alienating the fame, such Excommon Fields, and has by much the greatest Right of changes, Division, and Inclosure cannot be made eflec-Common upon the said Lawnd:That the Reverend John tual and binding to all Parties interested, without the Purnell, Master of Arts, the Warden and Scholars of Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the St. Mary College, of Winchester, in Oxford, commonly House, That Leave may be granted to bring in a Bill for called Hew College, in Oxford, being seised of a certain the several Purposes aforesaid.

Portion of Tythes, commonly called Longville Tythes, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-within the said Parish of Wotton Underzvood, now in the cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Tenure of the Petitioner, have agreed to accept a certain George Grenville and Mr. Wiuford do prepare, and bring perpetual Annuity, or Rent-Charge, to be charged on in, the lame, certain Lands of the Petitioner, of a sufficient Value, in Exchange for their said Portion of Tythes, as being more RefThat an humble Address be presented to his Order*, <kc. than an Equivalent for the fame: That the most Reve- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- to Admiral rend John Lord Archbishop of Canterbury being seised in reitions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies Haddock. Right of his See, of and in the appropriate Reilory of of all Orders, Instructions, and Letters, written by either

of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to Rear Admiral Haddock, from the 28th of January 1738; and Copies of all Letters written from of the Petitioner, in the Parishes of Boarflall and Brill, Rear Admiral Haddock to either of his Majesty’s princi-otherwise Brehill, in the said County of Bucks, in Ex- pal Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for exe-change for his Share of the said Tylhes and Glebe-Land, cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral, since the 28th as being more than a full Equivalent for the fame: And of January 1738.

that an Annuity of£. 10. per Annum charged upon the Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his laid Lands, so proposed to be given by the said Lord Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Archbishop, being veiled in Thomas Berry, John Walker, Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, and Henry Eeles, of Brill aforesaid, Gentlemen, fora long

Term of Years, in Trust, have agreed to discharge the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to said Lands of the said Annuity; and that the same shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to henceforth be charged and chargeable on certain other consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

I^ands of the Petitioner, in the said Parish of Brill, of a Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* sufficientValue; and that the Wardens and Commonalty ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, of the Mystery of the Mercers of the City of London, being seised of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Manor and Parish of Wotton Underzvood, and in the Parishes and Hamlets of Ham and Wodyfdon, in the said County of Bucks, in the Tenure of the Petitioner, or his Under-tenants, by virtue of, or under, several Leases, or Contrails for Leases, for upwards of One hundred Years to come, have agreed to allure their said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, and to accept in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, a certain perpetual Annuity, or yearly Rent-Charge, and other Payments,

JU - i A i

H’otton Underwood, and the Glebe Land thereunto belonging, and of all the rest of the Tythes arising within the said Parish, now in the Tenure of the Petitioner, or his Under-tenant, hath agreed to accept of certain Lands

Supply.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lbrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walter, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert to be charged upon certain Lands and Tenements of the Walter Baronet, deceased, without any Amendment: Petitioner of a sufficientValue: And that the Petitioner And also,

and the said Archbishop, and the said Wardens and Com- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for monalty, together with John Milwardand John Beck, exemplifying the last Will of Arthvr htt Earl of Anglesea,

and

Army; Mutiny ai Desertion.

Rolle’i

Name.

Earl of Angldet'i

Will

15 Geo. II. loP — itflMctrtii. iai

and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means. wh0je House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee,' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be, received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may-have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 150;

Anno 15* Georgii II41 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the unhappy Prisoners in Custody of the Marshal of the of his Majesty’s

Petitions. prison Qf the King' s-Bench, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, confined for Debt, in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners in Custody of the Gaoler of the Marshalfc, in the Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, confined for Debt, in the lcver.il Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sheetbridge A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Roads, other Persons, living in and near the Highways leading from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of to the

Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for repairing the said Highways above Eight Miles in length, several Tolls and Powers were granted, and veiled in Trustees, therein named, for the Term of One-and-twenty. Years, in order to amend the said Highways; and that, by another Act, palled‘in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the ,laid Term was further enlarged, and other Powers given for the Purposes aforesaid: That, at the Time of passing the first-mentioned Act, the said Highways were in so ruinous aCondition that the thenTrullees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, that the said Highways might be made callable for Coaches and Carriages; And that the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, borrowed ' on the Credit of both the before-mentioned Acts, is now due, which, with the Money collected by virtue thereof, hath been duly applied towards repairing the said Highways: That, in regard the said Highways are of such, a Length, as aforesaid, and many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the lame; same Para thereof, in the Vot. 24.

Winter-Sealbn, are still very bad, and the rest will soon be in a ruinous Condition, if the said Acts are not explained and amended, and tome further Powers given for the effectual amending the said Highways, and keeping the same in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the aforesaid Acts; and for enlarging the Term and Powers thereby granted and given, in such manner, and forfo long time, as to the House shall leem reason-able;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Joliffe, Colonel Bladen, Brigadier Onslow Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brere/on, Captain Bock-land, Mr. G. Grenville, Mr. Harvey, Sir Hum.

Mr. Lumley, Mr. Southwell, Mr. PoMr Mr. Montague, Mr. Fane, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Arjkott, Mr.

Arundell, Colonel Beake, Mr. Bennet, Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Mr. Buck, Mr. Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Clutterbuck,

Mr. Conipt on, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Crosse,’ Mr. Digby,

Colonel Douglas, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Earle, Sir Ar.

Forbes, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gildart, Sir JGrant, Mr. Grant,

Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Henley, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lock, Lord John Murray, Mr. Murray, Mr. Maule, Mr. Owen, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Plumer, Sir John RamMr. Scrope, Mr.

Fere, Mr. IF hit more, Mt. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Sydenham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, and Suffix: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of S\r Roger Burgoyne Baronet, Lord of the Sutton Manor of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, and Patron Inclosur*. of the Parish Church of Sutton aforesaid, and of the Reverend Edward Crane, Doctor of Laws, the present Rector and Incumbent of the said Church, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Sir Roger Burgoyne is foJe Proprietor of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish of Sutton, excepting only a final! Part thereof, which belongs to the other Petitioner Edward Crane, in Right of his said Church; which said Manor and Parish consists of divers open Fields, Lands, and Commons, wherein the respective Properties of the Petitioners lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, by reason whereof they are rendered of less Value to the Petitioners, and in a great measure incapable of Improvement: That the Petitioners have agreed to divide, inclose, and exchange, the said Lands and Commons, as well for the Improvement of the Estate of the said Sir Roger Burgoyne, as for the Benefit of the said Rectory, by an Augmentation of the yearly Income and Revenue of the said Rest or and hisSuccessors, but that such Inclo!'ure, Division, and Agreement, cannot be effectually established and confirmed, without the Aid of in Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing and confirming such Inclosure, Division, and Agreement, relating thereto, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Archer, Colonel Bladen, the Lord Barrington, and Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to PortsmoMtb the' Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town' of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Philip Cavendish Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted-the Office

Ii of

Surrey

Writ.

Gold Lace, &c. Manufacture

Earl of'

Ai.^leiVy'i

Will.

.H5* Maftii.

112,

of One of the Cc^pi^oner^-for, ^xecjntipg: the Office of Lord' High #f ©Wfi Qritafa.'.

Ordered\ That. Mri $ppaker do i$u£ his Warrant to the Clerk of the Cro\yj^4tp make out new Writ for the Electing of a Knight; the Shir* so f^r-ye in, this, prefect' Parliament for the County of Surrey? \n- the room of the; Right Honourable Charles Lord Baltiwqre, in the Kingdom of Ireland, whp>. ft nee his Election for the said. County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for ex.ecutingfthe Office of‘ J-qrd I^igh\ Admiral of Great Britain,; , /» ,

A Petition of the several- M^ufa&prers of Gold and.. Silvex Wire, Lace, ayd Thread* ^hofc. Naraps a?e thereunto subscribed, in behalf of^themselves, and manx'other* concerned in the said Trade, w^p^ej^ed to die House* and read; fettipg forth, That, bjran.Act passed ia\ the* Ninth and Tenth Yea^r of King. mUioft the.-Third* intituled, An A,& for settling and adjufeiftgjthe Proportions-of fine Silver and Silk for the better, making! Sjfyer and' Gold. Thread, and to prevent the Abuftsiof the Wiret-dtawers, it wu$, ajpong. other, things, Enadfod, That. Copper, Brass, and, every other inferior. Metal than Silver* should l^e fppn of Thread-yarn, o^ Incle only, and not. on Sijk‘ under Penalty’ of, forfeiting Five Shillings, fen every OundeJ; and that no Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work made thereof, or any Thread' made, of Copper, Bvaf$, or, auy inferior Metal or Wire* oi; Plate, ready-wrought, for covering Silk or Thready. Ihoold be ipapojrfad into this. Kingdom, under the Pe-; nailty of torfeiu’ng.and burning the same; which said A<1 \yas to bein, Force for. Three Years only: That, by an Act passed in thp^im Year of Queep. Anne, for continuing apd a men ding, the, said/ former Act; a Penalty of One hundred Pounds was laidt of every Importer*, and the Forfeiture of the Goods; which said Act was to continue in Forcefor.Spwen Yea re, and'expired above Thirty Years fence: That, (ince the Expirafiqn of the said Act, gteat' Quantities of Tinsel, Copper, o$* other, bale Metal, have been brought, intp this Kingdovu, partly manufactured, which is lphn.upon Silk, apd, worked up in Imitation of Gold.and Silver L^ce, and-is brought to that Perfection, and comes, so near the real, that the Manu-fadurers in the Gold and.Silyex Trade are daily in Danger of being deceived therein;, and not only tends to the great Discouragement of that Trade in particular, but.is of the most dangerous Canfequenpe to the Publick in general: And therefore. praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into. 'Consideration, andgrapt. them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the/aid Petition be referred to the Conr federation of a Committee,: And that they do;examine: the Matter ^hereof; and report the fame, with their Qpinion thereupon, to the House.

' And it is referred to the Lord Maypr of Londam. Mr*; CareiVf Sir _ Roger Rradjhaigk, ( Colonel: Townshend; Mr. OokeK Mr, Gybbon, Mr, Brudenell, Mr* ThomasyGone*, IVlr/ Lowndes, Mr. Wigley^ Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Hed* worth, M;. Alderman Lambert,. Gilfarj, Six Thomas* Drury, Mr. Hen.j^hetr, Sirt Roger* Burwytej Lord teoql* Mri Pryfe, Mr* Harrjfm, Mr, War*

%tlry Mr. Breretort,'.Low Uryfiriefa ;MfSoathwelliihord: Diipplin, Su John Hina Cot ion, Mr. Yorki* Mr* Which*. cote, Mr. BankeshWir, Smith, Mf. Strickland, Lord; Gage, Sydenham, MrV#£f/L?r., Mr. i^vMr, Slopert Sk) Edmund IJJiqmx Mr. Scrope; apd p.ll the Mferchants.of the House: And tl>ey.am to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed BDl from the Lords, intituled,. AxuABb foT exemp|itying tbp last Will of Arthur lateEariol Anjdefey, £nd‘fei m^?g fanaevEviden£e in all Gountsl of Law and Hqpirjj mvG;.^A Rritainand Ireland^.vm^ read ‘tKc Fuftriorfe. , . ,: . i,«-: iA’d eiri

; Rcjoliied, That 'the Bill bp read a Second time,

24

A. 1741

ic

A Petition of Sin John Trevelyan Baronet, on the be- Trevelyan’* half of himself, and of the other Traftees named; in the &c* atcs* last: Will and Testamenfc of Sir William. Pole Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said. Sir William Pole, by his last Will, hearing Ratethe 6tbDayof May 1733, did devise all his real; Bftate (subject to a Term of Two hundred Years, thereby created and charged, in and of his personal*

Estate, with the Payment of Annuities to Lady Elizabeth Pofej the Testafcor’s Widow, and to his Son and' Daughter, John Pole, now Sir John Pole, and Elizabeth Pole, and with their Maintenances and Education, in such Manner and Proportions a9 in the said Will is mentioned) tOfthe Petitioner and his Co-Trustees, and* their Heirs, to the Use of the Testator’s laid Son John Pole, without Impeachment of Waftfe*; Remainder to the said Trustees* and their Heirs, in Trust to preserve the contingent Estatesii Remainder to the Ufa of the First and every other Son of the said' Jbhn Pole in Tail Male, with the like Estate for Life to the Testator’s Second, and every other Son* and to the Petitioner and his Co-Truf-teas*, during their respective Lives, to preserve contingent Effectes; with Remainder to the First: and every other Son of the Testator’s Second and every other Son in Tail Male; Remainder to the Testator’s Nephew Reginald Pole, for his life; Remainder to the Petitioner and his Co-Trustees, and their Heirs, for the Life of the said Reginald Pole, to preserve contingent Estates; Remainder to his First: and every other Son iriTail Male, with Remainders over; andnvith RemaindemMfec to the.Testator’s own right Heirs; in which said Will is contained a Proviso, or Power, That it shall and; may. be. lawful to and for each of the several Persons, to whom, or to whose Use, Estates for Terms of their Lives only are in the said Will respectively limited, from and after the Time when such Persons respectively shall have been in the actual Pof-section or Enjoyment of the Testator’s real Estate, by-virtue of the Limitations in the said Will contained, at any Time or Times during his and their natural Life and Lives, respectively, by Indenture or Indentures under his or their Hand and Seal, to demise,.lease, or grant, par.- ticular Parts thereof, in such Manner, and for such Estates, as in the said Will are. specified and mentioned: That the,

Testator died without revoking or altering his said Will, leaving to survive him the said Elizabeth, his. Widow, and his said Son and Daughter* to wit,7^#, of the Age of Nine Years, and Elizabeth, of the Age of Thirteen Years, and no other I flue: That the Petitioner and his Co-Trustees are, in Right of the Testator’s Son John, now in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments devised by the said Will, and which, at the time of the.

Testator s Death, were,. and now are, lett to several Tenants upon Leases for Lives, at small reserved Rents, according to the Usage of the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dorset; where the fame, lie; and that the Petitioner! and hia Co-Trustees are satisfied, that it would tend to the Preservation of the Estate comprised within the said Power, of Leafing, and to the Advantage of the Testator’s Son, and of tfle several other Persons who shall or may claim under any of the Limitations contained in the said Will, if the Petrt inner and his Co-Trustees-were enabled* during? thelhfancy of the.Testator’s said Son, to lease the Pre>r rmflfcs comprised within the said Power, according to the,

Usage of the said Counties^ and tgfayj out the Money,. tobeTfom time to time, raffed:thereby, in the Pmxhafe ofj Lands of Inheritance in the said Counties, to be settled, when purchased, to the faiji^e Uses the Lands,.Teaer* ments^and-Hereditaments, devised.by his saisi^Will, nory, standriifaised.; yet, by.reason of the Infancy of the Tefi tator’s Son} the same cannot be done without the Aid. oflPhrl, mment; And therefore praying* That Leave begrve^ tbbVing ina Bill for the Purposes.afor^hL

Qrrferied, That Leave:be;g;v;e^ to, bring, in ,a. Bill, ac*r (foj^rtgt6} {he Prayer of#t^e,fai^r: And.thatjf IttfPGrftb; Mf. ^X^hai^ GatewU} do.f»por!

pase^kn^tifing so,’ the' fame." ’ . /

A Petition

GOO^l

V',

foil

i§ Geo-. II.

15° Martti-

123

Tuite’i

Water

Engines.

Pflition for Knitting Duty on Salt damaged.

A Petition of John Tuite, of tondbn, Goldsmith, was his feid Warehouse, btoughf thither before from his said Petition so*

presented to the House, and read; letting fqtth,. That Rock Salt-pit; which, before the removing thereof, was remitting^ the Petitioner hath, by great Study, Labour, and Ex- weighed in the Presence of a Salt Officer, and for the °j S 1

Snee, invented a Water-Engine, which Hands upon the Payment of the Duty whereof, the Petitioner Ralph " imensions of Three Feet Square; whereby, with much Barrow hadgiven Bond to his present Majesty.in the Salt-less than the Force of one Man’&Labourto turn the fame. Office at Northwich aforesaid; and that, on the 9th Day the Petitioner can, in one Hour, raise One Hundred Tons of December 1740, the said Twelve Tons of Rock salt of Water to the Heigdit of Twenty-five Ffcet; an4 that being 9II then in the said Warehouse, there happened a the Petitioner is able to make Engines of the feme Soft very high and sudden Flood1 on the said. River, and on the of any intermediate Dimensions from Three to Ten Feet River , near to which the said Ware house stands, square; by which he will be capablfe of, railing larger higher than has been known in the Memory of the oldest Quantities of Water, and to a much, greater Height, in Man then living in that Neighbourhood, which came proportion to the Increase of Size, and Addition of with great Rapidity, and broke into the said, Warehouse,

Strength to work the same: And alleging, that Engines and dissolved and spoiled all the said Tons of Rock-felt; of this Sort must be more useful than any thing of the and that the Petitioners Ralph and Edward , oa feme Nature yet discovered for the Draining of low and or about the 20th Day of November 1736, shipped oa marfliy Lands, for suppJying Cities, Towns, and Gentle- board, the Three Brothers Brigantine of Pylk of Fodre, men’s Seats with Plenty of Water/will be the Means of from their several Salt-works in Northwich, CoIledUbn* feving many Ships, that otherwise would be loft by 2,801 Bushels of white refined Salt, on (heir own proper springing Leaks at Sea, and will also make many rich Account and Rilque, in order to be exported to- Dublin;

Mines useful, which cannot now be worked by reason of and that the Petitioners, on or about the aid pay of De~ their being overflowed with Water; and that the Peti- cember 1739, allb shipped on board the William of Livar-tioner hath Ipent great Part of his Life, and a very large poole, from their several Salt-works in Northwich Collec-Sum of Money, in many Experiments, before he could tion aforesaid, on their own proper Account and Rifq e, bring this Invention to answer the Purposes aforesaid, in 3000 Bushels of white Salt, in order likewise to be ex-which he hath exhausted the greatest Part of his Sub- ported to Dublin; and that the Petitioners have given fiance, and cannot propose to raise Money diffident to Bond to his Majesty in the Salt-Office'at , of

carry the feme into Execution for the Benefit of the Pub- large Penalties for the Payment of the Duties of the said lie, without the Sanction of an Adtof Parliament to fee u re Two several Ladings of white Salt, before the same were the Property thereof to himself for a longer Term than respectively put onboard the several Vessels aforesaid;

Fourteen Years (the Time usually granted by Patent); and and that the said Vessels, in their several Paffiages to Dub-which the Petitioner hopes may not be thought more than lin, met each with a violent Storm at Sea, whereby there an adequate Satisfaction for so useful an Invention: And was wasted and dilToIved of the said 2,801 Bushels of therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in white Salt, 270 Bushels and Four Gallons, and of the a Bill for granting to the Petitioner the (die Right of feid 3,000 Bushels of white Salt, 87 Bushels,. over and making and vending Water-Engines, of his own Iriven- above the Allowance for the ordinary Waste; and that tioD, for such. Term of Years as shall be thought proper; inasmuch as there is a Provision made in the feverarStar ~ tutes, or feme of them, for remitting, or making Satis-

fad ion for the Duty to the Owners or Proprietors of such white Salt, or Rock-salt, as shall be loft or perish. at Sea, the Petitioners, after their several Losses aforesaid.

or that the Petitioner may have such other Assistance in the Premisses, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opi- did, from time to time, apply to the Collector at Northman thereupon, to the House: wich to have their respective Bonds, by which the Duties

And it is.referred to Mr. Fenwick, General Wade, Mr. of the said Rock-salt and white Salt were secured, to be Carew, Sir H. Lyddet, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Geo. Oxen- delivered up to them, or to be discharged from Payment den, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Bladen, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. . of the Duties for the fame;, but although he declared liim-Coke, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bankes, self fully fetisned of the Truth of the Petitioners several Mr. Bitty Mr. Leveson, Gower, Sir Nicholas Williams, Losses, yet alleged he could not deliver up the said Bonds

Mr. Fane, Sir John Chejitr, Lord Limerick, Mr. Fonne- without an Order from the Commissioners of the Duties reauy Mr. Wimhigton,. Lord Strange, Mr. Pratt, Lord on Salt: That accordingly the Petitioners have applied to Chetuynd, Mr. Tiiffinell, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, LordPer- the Commissioners of the Salt-duties, who from time to cevaly Mr. Pelham, Mr- Whichcote, Marquis of Hurting- time gave Answer, as the; Petitioners- have been told- By ton,. Sir N. Citrzon, Mr. Edgecumbe, Lord Duncannon, the said Collector, that it was not in their Power to give

Mr. Bowes, Sir John Glynne, Air. , Mr. Cholmon-

deley, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. OSir Hugh

Mr. PJurtiptre, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Peachy, Mr.

Sydenham, ML Banced Mr. Cope, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Walter, Mr , Lownde^: And they are to meet this After-

noon at Five of" the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ralph Barrow and Edward Barrow, of Northwich, in the County of Chester, was. presented to

the Petitioners any Reliefi they not coming.within the Letter of the Clauses in the several Statute* for Relief vof Persons who lose Salt at Sea: That the Petitioners<\yete, after such Application made, forced to pay the Duties of the said white Salt so loft, in the whole? amounting to £.59. 1-1 id. to the Colledur of the (aid- Duties ;at Northwich, to prevent the Bonds given for the same being sued; and the Petitioner Ralph BqrrotO will be forced to pay Duty for the said Rock-felt so loft, to prevent his Bond being sued, if not some way relieved: And therefore, in regard the Petitioners are advised, and apprehend, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner that their several cases are within the Intent and Equity, Ralph Barrow is a Proprietor of a Rock Salt-pit in Twan- if not within the Letter, of the said Clauses of the Sta-brookes, in Northwich Collection, about Three Quarters tutes for remitting, or making Satisfaction to the Owners of a Mile from the River Weaver, in the said County, or Proprietors of such white Salt or Rock-salt as shall lately made navigable; and that, since the Making of perish at Sea, praying the House will take the Hardship that River navigable, he hath had and used a Warehouse of their several Cafes into Consideration, and give Leave in Leftwith, in the said County, near the said River, for that a Clause may be added to such Bill, and in such

storing and laying of Rock-felt, for his greater Convenience, and the readier lading and Dispatch of Boats or Vessels that carry the same down the said River; and that, on the 9th Day of December 1740, the said Petitioner Ralph Barrow had Twelve Tons of Rock-felt in Voi. 24.

manner, as the House shall think fit, for the several Pe-tioners Relief in the Premisses, and the Relief of such Person and Persons who may happen to have any such-like Lois or Misfortune hereafter.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

134

i5* Marty* A. 1741.

Woollen A Petition of the Gentlemen and Clothiers of the Maftufrdure* county of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand Manufacturers employed in> the Woollen Manufactory in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, notwithstanding the Care of the Legislature to guard again!! the Irregularities and Evils which might arise in the Mystery of Cloth-making, several great Abuses have of late crept into the fame, to the great Loss of the Nation, Distress of the Poor, and Injury of the Mailer-Clothiers, whereby the said Trade is reduced to a Ianguishing Condition, which, if not timely remedied, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be attended with the mofi pernicious Consequences, and end in the Ruin of the Manufacture; and that, among these, the Petitioners apprehend, the illicit Liberty many Persons have taken of late Years to set up this Trade, without having either served a lawful Apprenticeship to the fame, or having proper Skill in the Manufacture, hath been one great Source of the Evils and Abuses introduced into it, and a great Cause of the Decay of this valuable Manufacture; and that, by this destructive Liberty, upon every little. Motion of Trade, Persons of little or no Skill have rushed into this Occupation, debauched the labouring Hands, and thereby occasioned these Goods to be made in a scandalous and deceitful manner, to the Discredit of this Commodity at foreign Markets, and at the same time, raised the Price of Labour to such an exorbitant Height, as the Nature of the Manufacture will not bear; whereby' Clothiers of Skill and Reputation have not been able to carry on their Trade as formerly, and many of them have been forced to abscond, and become Bankrupts, and others to leave off Trade; and that this pernicious Practice, instead of being advantageous to the Poor, tends apparently to their Injury, by drawing many unexperienced Hands into the Trade, more than the Manufacture, in its greatest Extent, could ever support; they having, for many years, been employed in an uncertain Manner, having Work only at particular Seasons, being sometimes over-paid for their Labour, and at other times under-paid, and often without any Work at all; from whence, at one time they are insolent, idle, debauched, and mutinous, through the extravagant Wages they receive, and another time in distressed circumstances, and a Burthen upon the Parishes: And further, that these Men of little or no Skill, who have suddenly engaged in the Trade, to compensate for the extravagant Wages they give, have often paid the Poor in Truck, in lieu of Money, and used other of-preffive Methods, which have brought an Odium upon the Reputation of the Clothiers in general, though without any just Foundation: And further representing to the House, That, by an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, it is, amongst other things, Enacted, " That no Person shall " make any Woollen Cloths, or Kerseys, to be sold, M unless such Person shall have been Apprentice to the

Occupation of making and rowing of Cloth and Kerleys, or have been exercised therein by the Space

of Seven Years before, upon Pain or Forfeiture of " such Cloth, or the Value thereofin order, as the Petitioners apprehend, to prevent unskilful Persons from entering into the Trade; but that the said Act has proved

ineffectual to produce this good End: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating of the Clothing-Trade; or that they may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen and Clothiers of the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, Manufacturers employed in the Woollen Manufactory in the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Elizabeth Rogers Spinster, Daughter and Rogett,i foie Executrix of George Rogers Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Company, the Petitioner’s late Father was a Subscriber for Five hundred Pounds Stock, in the Fourth Money Subscription, into the South Sea Company, in the Year 1720, and paid in the Sum of One thousand Pounds thereon; and the Petitioner’s laid Father was a great Sufferer by the Miffortunes of that Year, went abroad, and died in or about the Year 1735 That the Petitioner, for upwards of Five Years past, has made Application to the Sub-Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Court of Directors, of the said Company to have Credit allowed her for the fame; and had Hopes of Success, as nothing of that kind had been refused till lately, when the Petitioner’s Agent was told by the Court of Directors, that the Statute of the 9th of King George the First was a Bar to the Petitioner’s Demand; which the Petitioner conceives, and is advised, could not be the Intention of that Act, as the Petitioner's Father was abroad, and ignorant thereof: And therefore, as Sir Charles Vernon, and others, have been relieved in a like Cafe, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for farther Time to be allowed for making good such Claim on the said Company, or as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Estimatcsof to their Address to his Majesty, PUntatiom

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the &c.

Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 174a:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Officers appointed for the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Staff-Officers appointed to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742.

And Mr. Secretary at War also, by his Majesty’s Com- Account of mand, presented to the House, An Account of Services unprovided incurred Anno 1741, not provided for by Parliament. *cmce,‘

And the Titles of the said Estimate* and Account were read.

The laid Estimates and Account are as follow; viz.

*% ' \ 1 -

t'gGeo. II, ttf Ma tig-

ESTIMATE of the Charge* bf his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1742.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Lieutenant-General Dalzell*s Regiment -

Major-General Phillips's -

Colonel Oglethorpe's -

Four Independent Companies at Afczv York

One Company at Bermudas -

Eight Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Island of Providence -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Cartfo, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Brigadier-General Read's Regiment -Major General Armflrong's Lieutenant-General Tyrrell's -

Colonel O'Farrell's - -

Major-General Anjlrniher's - -

Officers of the Garrison, -

In GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Fowke's Regiment -Major-General Hargrave's -Lieutenant-General Columbine's -Lieutenant-General Claytons -Brigadier-General Fullers -

Officers of the Garrison, -

Provisions for Major-General Phillips's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, deduct ing 47/. per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer, and private Man, towards that Expence remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for Colond Ogfahorpe's Regiment at Georgia Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

Total

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 365 Days. TOTAL.

I K C-

- 15,217 9 2

394 - 9»8i3 >3 4

804 - 15.435 >5 —

445 - 7,141 16 8

57 1,003 >5 "

912 - 15,731 10 —

150 3*577 2,466 15 10 66,827 »5 —

2,539 1 8

8i5 . 15,217 9 2

8i5 - 15.217 9 2

8i5 - 15,217 9 2

8i5 - 15,217 9 2

815 4>°75 15.217 9 2 76,087 5 id

* *> 6,700 $ 9

8x5 _ _ 15,217 9 2

8*5 - 15,381 14 2

bo'5 - 15,217 9 2

815 - 15.217 9 2

8*5 4*075 15,217 9 2 i 76,251 10 10

3*749 I2 l\

u,727

HI M OO VO

- 3c,coo — —

" - 2,445 10 —

- - 456 5 " 34,46012 1

- - - £ 266,616 6 5f

War-Office, 15 Aforr// 1741-2.

#7//. y^gr.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Officers appointed for the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742.

Allowance per Diem.

‘ ... £ </. General and Commander in Chief - - - -10-----

Two Aids de Camp, each 10 r. - -- -- - - - - 1-----

One Major-General - - - 2 — —

One Aid de Camp - .- - 10 —

Three Brigadiers,--- each £. 1. \o s. - - - . 4 10 —

Three Majors of Brigade, each 10 s. - - - 1 10 —

Quarter-Matter General - - - - _ — —

Adjutant General - - - - 1 — —

Judge-Advocate - - - 10 —

Secretary to the Commander in Chief - - - - _ — 10 —

Chaplain - 68

Physician-General - 10 —

Surgeon-General - - - 10 —

Two Mates, each 5 s.....- - - - — 10 —

Commissary of the Mutters - - - — 10 —

Committary of the Stores - - - - -.....1 10 —

Provost Marshal and Two Men - - - — 10 —

£.16 6 8

Contingencies upon Account - - £. 2,oOo.

Which, for 365 Days, viz. from 25th December 1741, to the i+th December 1742, both Days inclusive £. s. d. (including Two thousand Pounds Contingencies), amounts to the Sum of - - - -11,61113 4

War-Office, March 15th, 174!. IVill. Yonge.

Vol. 24. , K k

126" 15° Mart1741,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Staff-Officers appointed to attend the Hospital established for the Service

of the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742.

1 Per Diem. Tor 365 Days

£ s- L s. I

One Director, for himself and Clerk One Master-Surgeon Four Mates, at $s. per Diem each Three Apothecaries, at 5J. per Diem each

War-Office, 15th March 174--

mil. Yonge.

1 5 —

— 10 —

— 15

4r 5

182 10 365 ~ 273 15

Total

... - 3 10 — 1,277 10 —

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred Anno 1741, not provided for by Parliament.

To make good the like Sum paid upon 756 Chaldron and Half of Coals at the Rate of 301 Chaldron, being the Proportion agreed to be paid by his Majesty on the said Coals furnished for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar -

Paid more upon 443 Chaldron and Half of Coals, at the Rate of 30J. 6d. per Chaldron, being the Proportion agreed to be paid by his Majesty on the said Coals, furnished for the Use of the Regiments in the said Garrison of Gibraltar

MJ3

6d. a d. *3 3

£ d.

s.

676 6 9

To make good the like Sum paid Mr. Gamier, Apothecary-General, for Drugs, Medicines, Surgeons Instruments, &c, by him furnished for Ten Regipients at Minorca and Gibraltar, in lieu of those taken by the Spaniards - -

To make good the like Sum paid Captain Campbell, Lieutenant-Governor of Fort William, to answer the extraordinary Charge of laying in Six Months Provisions of'Meal in Advance for the said Garrison -

Tofatisfy a Bill of Major-General Anstruther> Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of Minorca, dated the 20th of December 1 740, for the Service of that Island - -

To make good the like Sum paid to Seven new-raised Regiments of Foot, commanded by Colonel Long, Colonel M or daunt, Colonel Houghton, Colonel Price, Colonel De Grangues, Colonel Cholmondeley% and Colonel Foivke, in lieu of Two Months, Off-reckonings to the Non-commis-

1,830-----

6*0

360 — M

475 -

fioned Officers and private Men, at £.240. 13J. 10d. to each Regiment To make good the like Sum paid to Four new-raised Regiments of Marines, commanded by Major-General Cornwall, Colonel Hanmery Colonel Pawlety and Colonel Jefferys, in lieu of Two Months Off-reckonings to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, at £.365. 8s. 5d. to each Regiment To make good the like Sum paid in lieu of Four Months Off-reckonings to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of an additional Company of Grenadiers to Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment of Foot - -

1,684 16 10

1,461 13 8

104 14 3

3>247 4 9

4

10

JL

Extraordinary Contingencies of Encampments, Anno 1740, over and above the Sum of £.27,366. 45. 4\d. Part of the Sum of £.36,157. 19J. 1 \d. voted for the Seivices incurred Anno 1740, not provided for by Parliament; viz.

Paid for Carriage of* Camp-Necessaries, Rent of Storehouses, £f?c. for the Royal Regiment of Horse-Guards - - - - 65 8

Paid for the like Service for the Duke of Montagu's Regiment of Horse - 7615

Paid for the like Service for the King’s own Regiment of Horse - - 83 12

Paid Colonel Pawlet to complete his Demand for furnishing Wood, Straw, isV. for the Eight Regiments encamped in the Isle of Wight - - - 44 11 —

Extraordinary Contingencies of Encampments, Anno 1740; viz. 2 7

Pdid Mr. John Casa Maijor on Account, for furnishing Ammunition Bread to the Camp at Colchester - '- - - - - 300 — —

Paid him more in full of his Contraft, and all Demands for this Service, per Warrant, 26 November 1741- - - - - 8 67 166

Paid Mr. George Wright on Account, for providing Hay, Straw, and Firing, to the said ®

Camp - 500 — - —

Paid him more in full of sill Demands for this Service, per Warrant, 19th December

1741 ~ - L813 15 5i

Paid for divers Camp' Necessaries to the additional Companies of Granadiers to Colonel Oglethorpe's 2>~1^ lS S%

Regiment - 50 — ._.

For repairing Tents'and other'Camp-Necessaries belonging to the Regiments of Foot, commanded by Colonel Peers9 Colonel Handa/yd, Colonel Pulteney, and the late General Whetham, at £.50 each Regiment - - - - 200 -

For Water Fialks and BraTs Kettles provided for Brigadier Guise's. Colonel Blake-ney s Regiments, and One Battalion of Major-General St. Clair's Regiment of

Foot, at £.184 each - - - 552 ,

Paid more for divers Camp-Necessaries of the said Battalion of General St. Clair's

Regiment* ordered to the West Indies - - - 66-----

868 _

For

t,

ice

fvrom’i In-cntion of horr-hand Vriting.

15 Geo. II.

I Mar til

tij

l-

6j9

For the Pay of Ten Lieutenants, and Ten Ensigns en Second, to command the Recruits sent from Ireland to the West* Indies, for 122 Days in Advance, from the Dates of their respective Commissions, to enable them to provide themselves with Necessaries for their Em- £. s. d, barkation - 508 6 8

More for 122 Days Pay in Advance to a Major, a Surgeon, and Surgeon’s Mate en Second, to take Care of the said Recruits, and to enable them to provide Necessaries for their Embarkation - - - - 131 J —

Paid General Clayton on Account of making and repairing the Road from Sterling to Crieff, being 14 computed Miles per Edimation - - - -9412 —

Paid Mr. William Caulfield for surveying, and keeping in Repair, the new Roads

through the Highlands of Scotland, Anno 1741 - - - - 500 — — r

----- L44-1 2 —

To satisfy Bills drawn by Colonel Oglethorpe iorhis Majesty’s Service in America - - -2,310 — 5*

To satisfy the Demands of the Contractors for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Six Pence per Man per Week stopt from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to ContraCl, and according to Account thereof delivered by the said Contractors - - - 1,531 5 — ,

For the Pay of the Regiment of Foot raised in America, confiding of 36 Companies, for the Service of the Year 1740, from the 25th of April 1740, to the 24th of December following, inclusive. - - - - - -36,095 14 8

Whereof issued and paid into the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, on Account of this Service, out of the Sum of £.200,000 voted Anno 1740, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War in the most effectual Manner - - 21,017 — . 6

-----15,078 14 2

For Intered paid to John Gore Esquire, at the Rate of 3^ per Cent, per Annum for 77 Days, from 22d July 1741, to the 7th of October following, on the Sum of £.75,000 advanced by him to the

Deputy Pay mader at Amsterdam - S53 lS ___

Paid Mr. Gamier, Apothecary-General, for Drugs, Medicines, Surgeons, lndruments, and Uten-iils, for the Use of the Hospital for the Forces in the West Indies, per Warrant of 26th November 1741 - - - 1,552 18 7

Payments actually made to the Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, from the 24th February 1733-4, the Commencement of the Contract, to the 14th of £. s. dl June 1741, inclusive - - - 238,594 12

Payments from the 15th June 1741^0 27th December foil owing, being 7 Months, at 28 Days to the Month, and, at the Rate of £.2,800 per £. s. d\

Month, by Edimation will amount to - - 19,600-----

Insurance, Anno 1741, per Edimation - - - 1,200-----

Incident Charges per Edimation - 450-----

-----21,250-----

Total of Actual and Edimated Payments - - - - -259,844 12 5

Total of the Supplies voted by Parliament for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demand of the present Contractor for that Service, to the 24th of December 1741 - -252,845 18 xo

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - - ... . - 6,998 13 7!

For the Pay of One Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Foot, commanded by Major-General St.Clair, for 65 Days, from the 2 id of October, the Time of their Embarkation in Ireland, to the 24th December 1741, both Days inclusive - - ... . _ 2,709 19 2

Total - - 44,008 3 7

War-Office, 15th March 1741. —

mil. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Edimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

A Petition of John Byrom, M. A. and F. R. S. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by long and diligent Application, hath invented a new Method of Shorthand; thereby that Art, peculiar to our Country, and remarkably applicable to our Language, may be rendered much more serviceable upon many Accounts, being reduced to an easy, beautiful, and regular Sydem, for general Use, as several Gentlemen, who have experienced the Utility and Perfection thereof, are ready to atted: That the Petitioner is willing to publish the same for that Purpose; but an Attempt having been lately made to deprive the Petitioner of the Benefit of this his said Invention, the Petitioner is apprehensive, that the like or other Devices may be used, to his Injury, and to the Loss of that general Conveniency, which uniform Practice in a thing of this Nature mud produce; and that the Petitioner is informed, that he cannot effectually secure to himself the foie Right and Property therein, whereby to render his Discovery more extensively fer-

Vol. 24.

viceable, but by the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing to the Petitioner the foie Right of teaching and publishing his said Art and Invention for such Term of Years, and under such Redrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opir nion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hen. Bathurst, Sir John Turner, General IVade, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr. Erejkitie, Mr. S trie land, Mr. Brere-ton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. CJutterbuck, Colonel Bla~. den, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Cor new all. Lord John Sacville, Mr, Philips, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Steele, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Lechmere, Lord Perceval, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fazackerly, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. John GrenvilleMr. Cepe, Lord Dupplin, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Carew, Sir Hen. Norlhcote, Mr. Harris, Mr. Buck, Sir Hugh Smith-Jon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Cottqn, Mr., Sydenham, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Grey, Mr. Smith, Mr. JVigley, Sir

Geo.

Colchrficr Corporation Charter?, &c.

1^8

15° Martiu

A. 174.1.

Geo. Oxenden, Mr. park, Mr. Luwley, Lord Guernsey, Mr. P/Vr, Mr. OJhaldeJlm, Mr. "Thomas Gore: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the late Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common-Council, and of the free Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereupto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the lid, by his Letters-Patent, dated the 3d of August, in the 15th Year of his Reign, confirmed to the said Borough all their Rights, Franchises, and Privileges, Before that Time granted, or otherwise belonging to the said Borough, and incorporated the same anew, by the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Colchester, in riie County of Essex, therein preferring the Methods they shall take for Time to come, in the Choice of Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, Common-Council, and other Officers, for the Service of the said Corporation: That King William and Queen Mary, by their Letters-Patent, dated on the 27th Day of July, in the 5th Yoar of their Reign, reciting the said Letters-Patent of King Charles the lid, did confirm the fame, and all the Ffan-chises, Grants, and Directions, therein contained: That, by the Inattention or Mistake of the Officers belonging to the said Borough, the Mayors, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common-Council, and other Officers of the said Corporation, have been chosen into their respective Offices, in a manner not exactly consonant to the Directions in the aforesaid Charters contained; which Mistake having been lately- discovered, and Informations, in the Nature of Q^tto Warrant os, having been thereupon brought against the last Mayor and all "the Aldermen of the said Borough now living, they have all disclaimed upon Record, ih his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, their Rights of acting as Aldermen of the said Borough, and in consequence thereof, there is no Person or Persons, now acting as Mayor or Aldermen of the Borough aforesaid: That by the aforesaid Charters, the Mayor and Recorder for the Time being, the Mayor of the preceding Year, and Two of the other Aldermen, nominated by the free Burgesses of the said Town, are appointed to be Justices of the Peace within the said Borough-, and die Liberties thereof, which extend some Miles about the said Town , and the late Recorder of the said Town being now dead, and there being np*Maydr 6r Aldermen now acting as Justices of the Peacedn the &id Town, there is. a total Failure of that Part of the Administration of Justice there, to the unspeakable Detriment and Danger of the Petitioners^and all others, the Inhabitants of the said Town and Liberties, occasioningalfo great Difficulties with regard toquartering Soldiers, and many other Inconveniencies: That, by other Mistakes made in the framing and executing of By-Laws, many Years since made in the said Corporation, certain of the.Members thereof have had Judgments^ajflfed against them, which, may incapacitate the said Officers From acting as Magi-

monalty of the said Borough, at several times, in many Years past; the Titles to which may probably be precarious, by means of the Incapacity or improper Choice of the aforesaid Officers: That, by an Act of Parliament, made i-n the Reign of King James the First, for the Paving of the said Town, and the Mainteftlrice of the Pavements thereof, certain Powers Were invested in the Magistrates, and other Officers of the same Town, for the due Execution of the said Act, and there not being at this Time any of those Magistrates, by reason of the Inabilities and Incapacities aforesaid; and the said Act being also now become defective in other respects, the Pavements of the said Town are in so ruinous a Condition as to incommode and endanger not only the Inhabitants thereof, but all Travellers passing through the lame: And therefore praying, That the said Charters may be confirmed, that all the said late Aldermen* and all other Officers now living, may, by the Assistance of an Act of

Parliament to be made for that Purpose, be restored to their Offices Within the said Borough, according to the Direction of the said Charters, and all their Incapacities remitted and removed; and that they, and the rest of the free Burgesses of the said Town, may have Power to elect new Officers, in the room of those that are dead, in such manner as the said Charters prescribe, that the said Leases, Mortgages, and Grants, may be confirmed: That the said Act for the Maintenance of the Poor may be confirmed, and continued; and that the said Act for Paving the said Town may be amended and continued* or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America* was prefen ted to the Hoafe, and read y letting forth, That, in the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners laid before this House an Account of the Progress of the Colony of Georgia, in America* from its first Establishment, and of the several Steps taken by the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Trustin them reposed for establishing the said Colony, as a Frontier, for t-he Security of the neighbouring Provinces* and particularly df South Carolina: And that, by the Atffiftance granted in the said Session, the Petitioners have not only been enabled to fend over a Considerable Number of Saltzbutg'hers, iand other German Protestants (some of whom were bred up in the Business of making Wine and Silk), rind to fend over several Highlanders from Scotland, to settle in the said Colony, and to furnish them with Working-Tools, and other Necessaries, on their Arrival there, but also have defrayed the Expence of a Civil Magistracy, encouraged the raising Produces, and have preserved the fte&dy Friendship of the neighbouring Indians: And that the Petitioners find it necessary to continue Bounties on Produces raised in the said Colony* having experienced it to be the most effectual Means to encourage the Inhabitants to become induftiious to coki-

Colony of Georgia.

vate their several Lands, and promote the Settlement of Urates, br in any other offic&l 'manner, in the Borough the said Colony; and that it is still necessary to support aforesaid: Tha!t by an Act of Pafiament, made in the the Civil Magistracy, to continue the Friend ship of the pth and ioth Year* of the Reign erf King William, and neighbouring Indians, to assist the ScryaqU in die find! Queen Mary, a Corporation w^serfe&ed in the said Town Colony, on their first Entrance on the several Lots df for the Maintenance. and Care of the Poor thereof, which Lands, to which they are iqtidqd at the Expiration of laftCorpotatibnednfiftsofa Governor, Deputy-6 overnor, the respective Terms for which they are i eve rally bound Acflfifcmts* and GuaTdiafts of the PpoY of the said Town; to serve: And that the Petitioners- hiving been ap-

which last mentioned Officers ard chbfen by the Directions of the same AftVat Courts to beholden before the Mayor of the said Borough 5 and their Offices expiring upon Midfimmr&~day next the Ve will be infiiperable Difficulties ariffng with regard to the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Town, who are extremely numerous, unless the Corporation can be settled before that Time, and the rather beclufe the Rates tb‘ be levied, for the Support of the Poor, are dhefted by the said Act to be confirmed and enforced by the Justices of the Peace of the said Town, and not by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of* Essex: That many Leases, Mortgages, and Grants, hare been mafdt to divers Petlbns by the Mayor and Com-

plied to, to fend over more Servants, they to supply them from Germany, whereby the Colony will be increased and strengthened on easy Terms 5 but that these good Purposes the Petitioners are unable to carry on, without the Assistance of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as they shall think meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by his Majestys Command) acquainted the House, That his Majesty hiving been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think proper,

A Motion

African

Company.

Accounts respecting African Forts and Settlement.

Flint

Election.

Committee of Prifileges.

Adjournment.

15 Gjeo. II. 150 J

A Motion was made, fctd she Questfent bring ptif, That the said Petition be Feferred to the Costfiderstiort of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teltefbc-heV^;®*

Tellers for the G*tm'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this House having, upon full Examination and Consideration' of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Seffiori of Parliament, the sum of Ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the Briti/k Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath Been applied accordingly: and it- having appeared to the House, that the said Forts 2nd' Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That such further Provision may be made in the Premises as to the House shall* seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the' Exchequer (by his Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, the Establishment for their Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charge thereof for die Year 1741; distinguislhing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, ancf how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Torts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements* hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several Brkish Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 174a, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough or Flint, in the County of Flint (which have been presented to the House, and ordered to be referred io the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections), be heard at the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Inftnuftion to the Committee of Privileges and Elections,. that they do not proceed on any Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas>| ^eaUc^r^’ J »11.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question bring put) That- the House do now adjourn j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Vol. 24.

}i8i.

} J94*

1*9

‘" for ,h« ..7.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion bring made, and the Question being pro- Refelutfta posed, That this- House will not hear, at fehti Bar of this rffP*ct*l,4 ( House, during this Session of Parliament, the Betters ^oiTpe-of any Petition* complaining of undue Eledbiorfc- and titioni. Returns- (that have been already presented to the House )> except the Mattel of the Petitions complaining df an undue Elte&ion and Return for the Borough of Flint, ill the County of Flint, and the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Fofier and Richard Liddell Esquires, complain- ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Baffmney, in the County of Cornwall; ’ -

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put

It was resolved in the Affirmative

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this. House will not heal4,- it thb Bar of this Hdttfe, during this Session of Parliament, the Matters of any Petitions complaining of und'Ue Elea* tions or Returns, (that have been already presented' to this House), except the Matter of the Petitions cook plaining of an undue Election and Refurni for thi Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, and thO Matter of the Petition of Thomas Fofler and Richard LiddellElites* complaining of ah undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bofjirmey, in the County of Cornwall.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported front Ways the Committee of the whole House, to Whom it was re- and Mean*, fetred to consider further of Ways and Means for rdifing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refbluriori which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PlacC; arid afterwards delivered in it the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and* is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the SupplygFantecf to hrs* Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be raised, in she Year 1742, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pennons, Offices; and petfood E'states*, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Walet, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Fart of Great Rr'ttam called Scotland.

The said Resolution bring read a Second tittle, tvas^ upon the Question pat thereupon, agreed to* by th6 House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Feme, Mt.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr* Gyfrbon,

Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Scrape, and Mr. Legger, db prepare, and bringiii, the fame*

Ordered, That Kfr. Speaker db ifftie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, ter make out a new Writ, fa* Election, the Ele&in'g of a BurgriV to feh/e in thnr prtfenf Parliament for the Borough of LeVtes, lit the County of Sussex, in the room of John Trevor Esquire,. who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted* the Office of One of the CommiflWers for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain'.

The other Order of the^Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Meriting Supply.-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ttyctmftder farther of the Supply granted-htu Majesty.

And tftdu tile House adjourned* titt Morning Nine of the Gfavfcn

Kirkcaldy

Harbour.

Trent

Navigation,

Accounts of Transport Service ^nd Victualling.

Supply Bill Land Tax

Ledbury

Roads.

130

1

16° Martii. A. 1741.

Martis, 16* die Martii;

Anno 15° Gcor-gii II'" Regis, 1741. Praters.

MR. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town-Council, of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. James Millet and Mr. John Baird, and they, being severally examined, said, That the Town of Kirkcaldy is very well situated for carrying on a foreign Trade; and that there are many Coal Works adjoining to, and near to, the said Town; and that there are Salt Works therein; and that the Trade in Coal and Salt, and other things, might be improved, and made very beneficial, not only to the Town but to the Country, if some Money could be raised for repairing the Harbour belonging to the said Town, which Harbour is now so much out of Repair, that it will cost One thousand Pounds and upwards to put the same into such Repair that Ships and Vessels may fail into, and out of, the Harbour with Safety:

And the said Mr. Miller laid before the Committee an Account of the Revenue and Expence or the said Town, for some Years past, by which it appeared, that the yearly Expence in and about the publick Works of the Town, exceeded the Revenue Sixty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence.Sterling.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every «SV0/rPint of Aleand Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Oswald and Sir James Grant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of King ft on upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Bill depending in Parliament, for making the Branch or Channel of the River Trent, running under the Castle and Town of Newark, navigable, from the Place commonly called the Crankleys, in the Farish of South Mujkam, to the upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham, will be a great. Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the hill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Charge for Transport-Service, for the Year 1741.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Expence of Victualling his Majesty’s Land-Forces, sent on the Expedition to America, between the ift Day of January 1740, and the 31st of December 1741.

; Nix. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Petitioners, to prove the Allegations of their Peti- . tion, produced the said Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, whereby it appeared, that several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, for the Term of 21 Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722.

Then the Petitioners called,

Thomas Hanbttry Esquire, and Mr. Robert Bright, who being severally examined, said, That the Monies arising by the said Tolls and Duties, have been duly laid out and applied towards repairing the said Roads, which, the Witnesses said were computed together, to be in Length Thirty Miles, and upwards: And they further said. That although the Money collected had been justly laid out, according to the Directions given by the said Act; yet, by reason of the Length of the said Roads, and the Bad-ness thereof, and the Smallness of the Income arising annually by the present Act (which is near expiring), all the said Roads (being in a deep Soil, and heavy Carriages frequently passing over them) cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the former Act be enlarged, and the same Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by; an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Leclmere, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Hop ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Clifton Dart-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the mouth Hard-Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lies 'Vnt* for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardnes, in the County of Devon, in the 100m of George Trcby Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers' Bromfrrove granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Roads. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from, the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so fat as the said Act relates to the repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove ‘ in the said County of Worcester-, and for, making the same more effectual; was read the Third time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act , passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Act relates to the repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

Nix. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto futtferibed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repair-16

Ordered, That Mr Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from thd Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montague:

Mr.

PrendcrgafVs

Estate,

Brack ley Writ.

St/Catherine

Coleman

Church.

, Ei fabling hj Persons having Pensions /rom being Member!.

[Royal Assent to Bills.

15 Geo. II.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining a Clause, contained in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mem tioned, whereby several Grants, made by his laid Ma- , jesty, to Sir Thomas Prendergafi Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Btackley, in the County of Northampton, in the room of George Lee LL.D. who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the- City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish; and for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Heath cote) Mr. Carew? Lord Chetzvynd, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clutter buck) Mr. Selzvyn, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Talbot^ Sir Geo. Oxenden) Mr. Rozvneyl Sir John Turner) Mr. Powney, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Sydenham) Mr. Bancey Sir Nat. Curzon, Mr. Dozening) Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Philips, Mr. Gybbony Lord Guernfey3 Lord Barrington) Lord Gage, Mr. Grenville, Sir Wm. Gordon) Mr. Winnington, Mr. Phillipfoit) Mr. Gray, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Gore9 Lord Perceval, Mr. Hume . Campbell) Loid Sid* Beauclerk) Sir James Grant, Lord Mayor of London) Sir James DaJhzvoody Mr. Coke, Mr. Yorkey Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bankes; and all the Members who serve for the City of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed BfllTor making more effectual the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them, was read the Third time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill dopafs.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And, being returned,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the lloyal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1742*

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Armyand their Quarters.

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Indenture, between the Right Honourable Francis Earl Godolphin and the Dean and

VoL.% 24*

Chapter of Ely, for making a Partition and Division of a certain Heath, or Heath-Ground, in the County of Cambridge; and for rendering the same Agreement and Indenture more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for dissolvinganddifanncxingfrom the Crown, and the Patrimony thereof, the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, and for veiling the same irredeemably in James Earl of Morton, and his Heirs, discharged . from any Power or Right of Redemption in his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors.

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Henry Lord Montfort, in the County of Worcester% in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to layout and apply the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or one of them.

An Act for explaining a Clause, contained in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned; whereby several Grants, made by his said Majesty, to Sir Thomas Prendergajl Baronet, deceased, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Part of the said forfeited Estates and Interests in Ireland, were ratified and confirmed.

An Act to enable Sir Clement Cotterell Knfght, and other the Devisees of the real Estate of JLyieutenant-General James Dormer, deceased, to take’and use the Surname of Dormer, pursuant and according to the Tenor and Purport of the Will of the said James Dormer.

An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Wills of John Pigott the elder, late of Brockley, in the . County of Somersety Esquire, and of John Pigott Esquire, his Son, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; and to enable John Biggs Pigott, Esquire, formerly called John Biggs, and his Progeny and Defendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pigott only, pursuant to the Will of the said John Pigott the Son.

An Act to enable John Rolle Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Walter, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of Sir Robert Walter Baronet, deceased.

An Act to enable Buckland Bluett Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Nutcowbc, according to the Settlement made by Richard Nut combe Esquire, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing John Boucher.

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Nicholas Duque'ruy and Michael Henry Duque'ruy, and others.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Export-arm*-resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Wco"

the

16° Martii.

Then the Question was put, That the ingrossed Bill Disabling for making more effectual the Laws now in being for dif- ?er abling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting being or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Members. Pension during Pleasure, or for any. Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them, do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp »i r u v S’ Sir Cordell Firebracey Tellers for the Yeas,{ Mr

Tellers for the Noes,

233*

[Sir Wm. Corbet/,

Mr. Danvers. 3 l^‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual the Laws now in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Common?, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trust for them.

Ordered, That Mr. Carezv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ijl t6a — 17

the Petition of the Gen-tfemfcn, principal1 Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of CullmptorT\ rrr tire County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Resolved, That this Bbirfe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Limiting The other Order of the Day being read*

0 ffieers in The Hoirfe resolved itself into a Commit fee of the the Houte ^4^ House, upon the Bill' for the better securing the 0 ommons. freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of tlieXarnmittee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bril, ancf made several Amendments thereunto-; which they had directed him to report, when the House wHf please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Bouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i Martiu 1741*

port the fame, as it appeared to them, to* the F*'/ufe;

And be read- the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was

read; and is as follows; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BilF for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, orre of the First, and tire other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his fate Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between* Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Hoad leading from Brent- Bridge over HairwelbHeatk\ through the Parishes of Hanivell,

New-Brentford, and Eating, to* the great Westefn Road, in the said County: And that Sir Hugh Smithson and Mr*.

Fu/teney do prepare, and bring any the feme:

A Bril for granting an Aid to his: Majesty by a Land- Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for trhe Service of the ^and Tax* Year 1742, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That" the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a1 Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mercuriiy 170 die Martii;

- Anpo 15* Georgii IP41 Regis,

Prayers.

Election TV/TR. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Laws. 1VJL Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrairi the’Partiality, and regulate the Copdu<S of Returning Officers at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addrefc. Address of Friday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pfeased to give Directions, that there' may be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders, Instru&iuns, and Letters, written by either of his Majestys principal1 Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for executing the Office df Lord High Admiral, (o Rear Admiral Haddock, from the 28 th of January 1738, and Copies of all Letters written from Rear Admiral Haddbck, to either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, since the 28th of January 1738), had been presented to his Majesty; and1 that his Majesty had commanded him. to acquaint this House,

That he will give D’ire&ions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Orders, Inffriidtions, and Letters, desired by the said Address, that doinany-wife relate to the Crown of Spain, or the Conduct to beheld by the said Rear Admiral, in respe'ft of that Crown, or the Fleets or Ships thereof, cither separately or in conjunction with the Fleets or Ships of any other Powe*.,

Tyburn and Sir Hugh Smithson reported from; the Committee, to Uxbridge, whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in &c.. Roads. Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth,; Year of the Reign of his. late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Persons living in, near, and usually travelling, the Road leading front Brent- Bridge over Hanwell-Hbath, through the Parishes of Hanwell,. New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in the said County, whole Names are t hereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-22

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Lift0f Members of this House, d‘o prepare Lifts, fairly written. Land Tax of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act for Con"n‘flrioner»* f the respectiver Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be. written at Length.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, Limiting Of-reported from the Committee of the whole House, to ficers in the whom the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Par- *°u{c of liaments, by limiting the ’ Number of Officers in the ommon8, House of Commons, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houseand he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then* a Second time, one by one; and1, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to* by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldertnen, Matter Clothiers, Wo^Uen and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilis, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, that many of the Laws to protect and encourage the Woollen Manufacture, have been evaded, and many Abuses have of late Years found means to introduce themselvesinto it, to the visible Decay there-of, the Misery of the Poor, the great Distress of the Master Clothier, the fi nking the Value of Lands, and the manifest Hurt of the Trade of this Kingdom in general:

And that although the illegal Practice of running Wool from Great Britain and Ireland into foreign Parts, must be allowed, above all others, to be a Practice of the most pernicious Consequerice, yet the Petitioners apprehend the Liberty which many Persons of late Years have affutned, of setting up the Trade of a Master Clothier, and exercising his Art, without havingferved a lawful ApprCntice-ffiip to it, or having proper Skill therein, hath had Effects very fatal to the Manufacture; and that such Persons unfki lied in the Trade, and imposed on in alhiofl: every Branch of it; do not only manufacture their own Goods in general, after a scandalous and deceitful mcm-ner, but do likewise thereby corrupt the Hhnds of the labouring Poor, to the Di it red it of our Markets at home and abroad, and the great Injury of the whole Trade in general; and not only so, but thatmanyevii-disposed Persons among them;under the Cover of buying fma'li Quantities:

of

Derby

Eleflronf.

n /, K r

Ways -and Means.

Flint

Election.

1$ <5eo>IL

ofWobl, and mariufa&urthg thereof, have bedn known to receive and work up stolen Wool, Yarn, Ends,1 and Refbfc, to the great Lots of the Matter Clothiers^ arkl Encouragement of Theft in those who are employed by them: And therefore praying the House to take the Premires into Consideration, and to provide such Reme-dfes as* to then* (hkll seem rietrdfiary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tothfc Con- fideratton ofth^Gornrhittee oft ho whole House, tlawhoni r ir is-referted^tb Mifider of the Petition of tHo Oentle- pfRiftp^Ttadeft, and Inha'fcitamSi of the»Towno£i CuQorftptbnl'W[t\& ‘County of Devon, whole 'Nhmes, are thereunto subscribed.;

.'-mi hnojol-: n i .:vi v:» mil j.J'i f*

A Petition of German Pole Esquire was jjrefented to , tffe House.’arid1 read; setting ftfrfhv That '^'tJhe' Si£th fof* thH* ircft&ft March): 1 <&&&on Efcdtibtt-of"k\

Bumefs to-serveih t&ispi^fetft^rilament for tfekBhrtjhfeh of Derby, 1 rf fh ec C ou nty of DMy\ at which FeSi-' tidrief,1 -aWd‘J;the Right Honourable: WHl&hT Pokfo^by ^mtnortly called Lofd^VHcoU^iW ‘3*n'c&tn6n, weren6attdidate31 That Samuel- fidx\ the Mifydt*'*of rthe> lard Bor5ughVw4i6 was the R^tu^ning-Offider atj the said; Efeflhern; Being influenced1 by the said Lord Yiftouht Jbuncanndn, did proceed in taking the Poll With the utmost Partiality against the Petitioner, rejecting many legal* Votes that1 were daily teridered for* him, arid' admitting, many for the; la?d Lord V\k&istot-Duntdtinoit, who had not; the least Ch?buh:of Right: That the'Petitioner had a Majority df legal Votes j bid:, by these add* rriariy other iH8gdfl and Arbitrary Proceedings of the ikid1 Samuel Fox, rind* Lordvtfcoiint Dundannwii afncf his Agents, a pretended Majority Was procniTedfor the said LotdViscount Duncanhonand he ikth been returned accordingly, in! rtianifeft Frej□dideefthe Petitioner1, and iir open1 Defiance’ Of the Laws for fecuting the Freedom of Elections of Members, to lerve in Parliament: Apd therefore praying1 the House1 to take the* Premise frith Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of die* said Petition beheard at the Bair of tHts'Hdafe, upon Friday the 9th Day of April next. -

Ordered, That the Order' of the Day, for the House to resolve itself hrto a Committee of the Whbte House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tp his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- -RefoldedI That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the" said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petitions were read:

And the last Refohition of the House, touching the Rightxrf* Ele&ien of a-Burgess-to serve in Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, made on the 21 tt Day of May 1728 (which was then resolved to be in the Inhabitants of the* Boroughs of Flint, Rhyd-tan, Overton, Caertvys, and Caergurleyf paying Scotland Lot), was read:

And the Kesolution of the House (then also made), That the Inhabitants of Knolton, and Overton-Foreign, paying Scotland Lot in the Parish of Overton, have a Right to vote in the said Election, was1 also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-, Yol. 24.

Port, or Place, cpntfaty to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were hekrd:

And the original Poll taken at the last Election ofra Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Flint, being produced;

Thky examined several Witnesses, as to the Partiality ofrt;he ^eturning-.Officers of the said Borough,:

.j They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to difqtialify several Persons who voted; for tfe^ the said Election:

Arid1 having offered to produce in Evidence, a Paper, pifjpdrtfng to be a Copy of the Assessment made in the Year 17(4.0, for the Town ship of Coleshill> in the Bbrougfr of lFttw> towards the Repair of the Church and Maintenance of the Poor.

I William Williams, rt\\t Churchwarden of the said Towri-ffrfjSTo^f he said, Year, was examined, in order to prove, tnkc the original A ffeffment was loftp having been deliver-etfby hjm to Mr. ^rr/^’s^teward, to be produced at the7 laid^Eie6tion, arid not having been in.his (the WitnessY/ (f-uftbdy since the said Election \ and also in order t6j[rbve7 in whose Hands he last saw the ©riginal Affeflmehl^ M K "And* then he withdrew. v ‘ J And the House was informed by One of their Memf-ber^ present.at, the said Election, in what Manner all the originalAssessments, then produced*, were laid and left on the Table in the Place of Polling:

And a Witness was examined, touching a Demand, by him made, of, the said original Assessment, from Mr* Perrin's Steward, and'Mr. Perrin himself, and'.theii Denial,.that they knew where the same was:

And the said William Williams was again called in; and being examined, iri order to explain his former Evidence, said, That he, last saw the said original Assessmehl; at the said Election in the Hands of Mr. Cluff:

And George Sheldon, who was employed by the said William Williams to collect the said Assessment by a Copy (which he said was delivered to him by the said William Williams as a true Copy), produced the fame, and was examined touching the Payment of the said Assessment, and the Agreement of the Original and Copy . in the Tofal of the Sums assessed :. "

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member having objected, That the Loft of the Original, and the Truth of the Copy, not being sufficiently proved', the said Paper, produced by the said George Sheldon, ought not to be admitted in Evidence:

And having been heard in Support of their Objection;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were*heard in Answef thereunto:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member having replied;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Paper produced by George Sheldon, as g Copy of the Church and Poor’s Rates of the Town of CoUJhill, in the Borough of Flint, for the Year 1740, be admitted to be brought up, and read as Evidence:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

-Me for «hc )«.

}"S-

So it'was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution:

Then the said Paper being brought up to the Table 5 The Counsel on both Sides were directed tpwlthdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election anr| Return for the Borough of Flint, in thtf Cduftty of Flint, be adjourned txW Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

M m

Wendover

Roads.

African

Company.

18* Martii.: ^.1741.;

" yoviS) 18° die Marin \

Anno 150 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1741 Prayers.

MR. Lowndes reported from the Committee, tov whom the Bill for continuing, and making more effectual,.an Act made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was committed, f That the Committee had examined the Allegations 6^ the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that th?;. Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveraK Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his r Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- ments, in at the ‘Clerk*s Table:" Where the Amende ments were once, r^ad throughout';^and then a Second tjpe, one by one; and, upon the Question severally; pqf thereupon, vvcre, with, several Amendments to One: oi them, agreed to by the House: And ap‘Amendment was made by the House to the Bill. . 1

Ordered, That the‘ Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed- .

The House being informed, That Mr. Sparse, Accomptant to the African Company, attended at the" Door;

He was called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the-House* pursuant to their Orders, the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, fov their feveraf Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1741;, distinguislringjhow, much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how tiluchfor the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last. Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts’and Settlements hath been disposed of: And also,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company^"of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1742. 1

And then he withdrew.

And ,the Titles of the said Establish ment. and Estimate were itad.

The said Establishment 4ml Estimateare bound up wkh the other Papers of this Session. r ::

Ordered, That the said Eft abli foment and Estimate do -lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members oftiie

House. ';

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to K:rkcaldy Ordef, a Bill for laying a Puty^of Two Peirjes Scots, Harbottr* One Sixth-part of a Peny Sterling, uposttvcty Scots Pin<:> of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Safe*.brought, j into, vended, tapped, or fold* wit bin *tjhe Town o(Kirhn caJdy, JUnd. Liberties thereof.; Ai}d ihe -farpe was ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

; . p "J . - q

A a; ingrossed;BiH for enlarging the Xfrm and Powers. ?^e

granted by Two Atfts oLPjinliament, one of the 8ttyYeaf| of the rR^ign -pfi her late, Majesty Queen Anne, arid ther otl^er ofjth^ 9th Year-, of the , Reign of fos.;la^e Majesty King. George the Firif, for repairing the .* Highways between the H©ufe: CQmtpqpjy called thq Horse fhoc Hous^ in the Parjfiraf Stoke Goldington, in the County ©if Bucks^ andt^e Town of Northampton, and the- Road from ther North; Bridge of, Newport Pagnel, in the County o'fr Bucks, to the Horse-shoe House, was read; the Third tune. , ’ *r 1, 711'. ,7r,

Refqlved,. That the , Bill do pass; And th^t the Title-be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted byTwo Acts of Parliament; one of the Eighth Year of the*

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and; the other, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between, the House commonly called the Horse-shoe House, in thej Parish of Sfoke Golding (on, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton^ and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse-shoe House.:

prdered,.. Compton do. carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.: j

Mr. Phillipson, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Account of presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac-. Transport-count of the Charge for Transport-Service, for the Year Service* 1741-

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as;follows; viz.

Navy-Office, the 18th March 1741. 4

An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport-Service, for the Year i74t, prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 16th March 1741.

; '*-’r: L i. d.

Freight of Transports discharged at Jamaica - - - - 13,093 6 —

Freight of others continued in the Service to the 31st December1741 - 122,137 10 —

Salary to the Agent and his Clerk - - . -. - - 350 — __ ,

Bill of Exchange drawn by the said Agent on Account of Contingencies. - 300 — w. - ,

Charge of Stores supplied to, and Cabins built on board, the Transports hired,

in the Year 1741, with the Expence of surveying them ... 1,^40 6 2

Bedding for Soldiers - - - 5^4 10 4

Charge of piloting several Transports to Glasgow - - - - no 39'^ s A

Expence of Transports sent from North America, 16 3'

Amount of Bills of Exchange drawn by the Governors of the Plantations on

Account of Freight - - - - 3,959 19 4

More due for Freight of the said Transports on the 31st December 1741 - 25,400_______ ,

Total

The Total amounts unto the Sum of One hundred Sixty-eight thousand Six hundred Forty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence.

:. did. Haddock, fa. Ac worth, Thomas Pearfe, '

fn° Phillipson, J. Fawler, G. Crowlc.

*7 29>3S9'i9< 4 ’

jC- 168,64^ 15 7

Ordered,

5 Geo. II.

I ! 9 -

Ordered, That the said Account do He Upon the Tafeie^ to be perused by the Members of the House. j

, Vc ' , ..T

Wyndham’s , An ingrossed Bill to enable Fiercy fVyndhqm Efauirei Name. ajid other the Devisees of, Henry Earl of Thomoiid\ apd-p Vifqount Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the Su,r-

name of Obrien, pursuant and according to the Tenor,

and; Purport of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount'

' / Tadcaster's Will, was read the Third, time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title - hepAn Act to enable Fiercy fVyndham Esqufre, and other the Devisees of Henry. Earl of Thomond and Viscountf. Tadcftfcr, deceased, ,to take and use the Surname of Obridtiy, pursuant to the Will of the said.Earl of Thomond; and Viscount Tadcaster.: . ;.y; / , r

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wyndhaqi do carry, the Bill-to* to the Lords, and defye their Concurrence..; . ;ri0,l

,:r -i:1 .; s: - ? -.j

Tyburn and Sir Hugh Smithfoxypfented to tb$, House^ aqcpjding; Uxbridge, to OrdeF, a Bill for enlarging the Tyrm and pp.v£eps>' Ac. Road*, granted and given by Two Acts of^ Parliament, one of the piyft, and the -other of the Twelfth, Year of ^lie Kejgo of his late Majesty King George the FirstvVfor re- pairing the Highways between 7>’^j<n;(and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the , Road: leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanvuty Heath,\\\xQyg\\ the Pari foes of Han well, Hew Brentford, p,nd Ealing* to the great Westero Road, in the laid County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read;a, Second time. t->

Bofiinney, Stc.

The Order of the Day being read i' - . o:

The House proceeded to the ‘Heating jof thq Election the Petition of: Thomas Fofter and Richard Liddell* Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Btrffimey and Treveua in Tentagel, in the County, of CornwallH And the Counfei for the Petitioners (no Counfei ati tending for the Sitting Members) were called in:

And the said Petition was read And the (landing Order of the Houseymade upon the roth Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counfei at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections,'from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve* in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read 1

And the Counfei for the Petitioners were heard:

- And a Copy of the: Poll, taken at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, being produced;

The total Numbers of the Voters for the {weralCan* dictates at that Election were read:

And the Name of the Reverend Mr. Barony One of the Voters for the Sitting-Members, being also read; and the original Record of the Information exhibited against him in ' Hilary Term, in the Court of King’s Bench, in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for claiming to be One of the free Burgesses *of the said Borough, and the Verdict of the Jury upon One of the Issues joined in the Cause (that the said Mr. Baron, on the 10th Day of October, in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was not an Inhabitant of the said Borough); and the Judgment of Ouster given against him by the Court thereupon, being produced, and read;

A Witness was examined, touching the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and as to the Constitution of the said Borough; and also in order to prove, that several other Persons, who voted for the Sitting-Members at the last Election, were not legally admitted free Burgesses of the said Borough’;

Whose Votes being deducted from the Poll,* the Counfei for the Petitioners infilled, that the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes: t

And then the Counfei were directed to withdraw.

VOL. 24.

1 And the Sitting:Mei^beis being

The House was informed^ by One of their* Merfitcr^ That the $frung-Members had authorized httri to acquaint thiVHolife, That they desired not, to giVe ftie'Hqufe, any further Trouble. ' ' J

,.A -J^oripn. was made, and the Qu^ftion being, put* Tjiat Johns>$h{e Esquire. is duly eleaed a Burdefs f to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough tiey, in the County, of Cornwall; ' , ~ '/*

It passed in the Negative. ' . - \

| Th,en a Motion was, made, and the ^iieftion’being pu^ T)jat. Christopher Lower Esquire is duly'ele<fled a Burg^w to serve in this, present Parliament foj the Botoiigh of Bofjfnney, in i.He County of Cornwall, ’ }

, It passed in the Negative.‘

J;,

Resolved, That Lhoihas Fa/ter Esquireis diily elected l,‘

Burgefe, to ^rye in this[)re(erit Parliament so. t|K: Borough of BoJJinney\\n the County of Cornwall. 'f

Resolved, That RuJiardLiddell El^ire is'^duly eledea^ a Burgess. to, serve in this pres^nt Pad 1 ament-for the Bd^J rough of Bffinney, in tjje{County of Cornwall.,

Ordered, That the Cler^of the Crofvn do attend tbf?

House immediately, to amend the'Ret urn for the Borouglc of BoJJinney,s in the County of Cornwall^'raftijigLdut.t'li(f Names of John Sabine Efcuiire, n d Chrifopher To wet Eliquire, and infcrting the Names of Thomas Ftyler Ef^ quire, and Richard Liddell Esquire, instead

M r. Secretary at War presented to the House, puf fuahV Lift of

to their Address to his Majesty, a List;of the redqcedf Half-Pay Officers, of -his Majesty’s^ JL^nd-Forces and Marine^ eli- Officers, titled tq receive Half-Pay in Great Britain, with ah Efthj mate of /the Charge thereof, for the Year ^742.' V V A nd Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the Hohfe; Bist of by, his Majesty’s Command, a List of the Widows of forft Halfway reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Ma-( OlficerJ rines, who died upon the Establishment-of'Half-Paylji'

Great Britain, and who were married to them before tH

25th.of December 1716; with an Eftfmate of the Char^fc thereof, for the Year 1742.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

The said Lilh are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. ,; , ' ,

Ordered, That the' said Lifts do lie upon the Table^ to be perused by the Members of the House. ,*

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Or- Boffinney, der, amended the Return for the Borough of BoJfinneyf *c; in the County of Cornwall. ... le&ion.

/ And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' Morning, Nine'of the Clock. }

VenjeriS) , 190 die Martii\ V

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis; 1741.,

Pravehs.

/iR DER ED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Leominster to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ; Wr>t. for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of LeominJl&+iri the County of: ’ ’ Hereford, in the room of John Cafwall Esquire, deceased. *.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and making niore Wendover effectual, an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign Roads, of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from fVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time. . \;

Resolved,^That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingG^ the First, intituled, An Act for re-- pairing the lload from fVendover to the Town of Buck-. ’ ,; ingham,

L

r?3#

19° Martit.

17*41 ‘

/Wzaw^.ity the' (bounty of^ Bucks, and for building a Bridge^ at Pddb'ury, and making it a County Bridge. fCrftered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Trent

Navigation.

Gibbon, Mr. Heath cote. Sir Philip , Sir RoBbt

Long, Mr. Mr. Sir PhillipsMr. M r. Pulteney, Lord Quarren-don, Mr. Mr. , Mr. , Mr. Vane,

Mr. Watson, Sir Charles Wyndkam, Lord Corn bury. Dr.

' , A: Petition of the>Gdntlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen,. Butler, Lord Mr. WaUfr, Mr. Hilton,1 Mr/

and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Gainsborougll, in Wright, Mr. Winford, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gore, Mr. fhe County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and many And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the others, was presented to the House, and read; represent- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, iqg to the House, That the Bill, now depending in this \ ’

m- r r ... ** *» — Mr, C presented to the House* according to' Or-; Kingston

der, a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more’ upon Hoi

j-1;

House, for making the Branch of the River Trent navigable, frotn the Dividing of the Stream at a Place commohlf called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to their jbining again at a Place called the Qrankleys, in the same County, if passed into'a Law, will (as[the Petitioners apprehend, and are informed by experienced 'Navigators on the said River, and by other ikilfiil Persons) be greatly prejudicial, if not destructive, to the[Navigation thereof, to the great Danlage of the Petitioners,.and great Numbers of other Persons con-' centfd in the Trade of the said River': And further representing to the House, That if the Navigation of the $iver Trent be prejudiced, the Petitioners apprehend that the landed Inter'eft in several Parts of the Counties of JJncotn, Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Stafford, and (Var-wick, will be considerably hurt, great Quantities of Lead, Cheese, Wool, Iron Manufaiflures, Corn, and other C.onMnodities, the Produce of these Counties, heing now conveyed by. the said River; and that the Trade of the City of London, and many other Places, which fend great Quantities of Merchandize up the said River, will

effectual, Two Adb, one passed iri the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign'of his late Majesty King William the' Third, for erecting Workhouses and Houses of Correct* tion in the Town of Kingston upon for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor thfere, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for' the more efl££Vual Provision of the Poor in the said Town .* And the same was received,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House so resolve itself into a Committee of the whold House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read: .:

' And the said Order being read accordingly ' 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into' the said Committee.

Poor.

Supply.

\ vb V7

1 i r I

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for ‘the House Woollen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M*nuf&fturei be much affected: And further representing, That thi to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal first avowed' Design of the Solicitors of this Bill was, to Traders, and Inhabitants, of rite Town of Culhmpton, in . turn the Navigation of the River from its preterit Course, the County of Devon, whose Nantes arc thereunto fub* by Hallam, wholly into the Newark Channel, which has ltribed, be now read:

been very lately laid altde, and a new Scheme prematurely: And the said Orderbeing read accordingly, . farmed, as the Petitioners apprehend, and without giving Resolved, That this House wiH,.upon fVedntfday Morn*

due Notice thereof to gre.it Numbers of Persons deeply ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, ihterefled in the Trade and Navigation of the said River: -

And further representing, That a Matter, calculated for Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* Mr. Committee the Advantage of a few Persons, and which may greatly Cototptoit, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Hume of Privilege«L

hurt or destroy the Navigation of so considerable and be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, extensive a River, and in which the Interestof Thousands 1

is concerned, is an Affair of the greatest Moment: And ' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. thereof praying, That they maybe heard by rhemselves, Montagus:

0£ Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House Mr. Speaker,

will give such Relief in the Premises, as to the House The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act fctr 'Hull ffeetri meet. the more effectually carrying into Execution certain Ar-

ticles: of Agreement made before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Philip York* Esquire,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the Branch, or Channel, of the

Yorks’i

Marriage

Article*

felver Trent navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream with the Honourable. Marcbtoness Grey, and for

at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Not- "

tbtgham, to their joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County, be read a Second time:

And that the Petitioners* if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said- Bill,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time. i

Ordered, That the said Bill be read A Second time upon this Day -Fortnight. j.

Earl of Ap°l»fey’i Will.

other Purposes therein mentioned: To Which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengets withdrew.

The feid Bill was read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. /

1- . v.

Ordered, That the Report from the CommiitPee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo--roiagh of 7atmwrtk, in the Counties of Stafford and IVsr-wick, be received upon Monday Morning next.

next.

- An ingrossed Bill lrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the kft Will of Arthur XaXt Earl of That the Report from the Committee of

Anile fey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts ^Privileges) and Elections, touching the Election for the of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was County of Cardigan, be1 received up}a Monday Moffitttg read: a Second time.

Resolved, That the . Bill- be committed to Mr. Southwell,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Faxackerley, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Arundell, the Earl Fitzwilliatn,

Lord Perceval, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Robert Abdy, the

Tamworth

Election.

Cardigan

Electiou.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume Campbell do make the said Reports.

The other Ortier of the Day being: read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Earl of Barrymore, Lord Libierick, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Matter of the several Petitions complaining df ad un-Bramfton, Mr. Catena, Mr. Carter, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. due Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the Compton, Mr. CornewalL, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Wm, County of Flint.

Fliot

Election.

Courtenay, Mr. Courtenay, Sr James Dashwood, Mr. Dawkins, Sr Edward Deering, Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Gibson, Lord Granard, Lord Guernsey, Mr,

2Z

And the Counsel were called in:

And. George Sheldon (who, upon Wednffday, lift* produced the Paper, purporting to be a Copy of the- Assess-

ment,

V*'

ITr

fc-

15 Geo. II.

190 — 22® Martii.

*37

ment, made in the Year 1740, for the Township of Co/m- It passed in the Negative.

hill, in the said Borough, towards the Repair of the Then the main Question being put, That the Inhabits hurch, and Maintenance of the Poor) was examined tants of the several Boroughs of Flint, Caerwys,

by the Counsel for the Petitioners, in order to prove, Caergurley, and Overton (including Knolton and Overton that several Persons, who voted for the Sitting-Member, Foreign), renting Lands or Tenements, for which the were neither rated in the said Assessment, nor paid any Landlords thereof only pay Scotland Lot, have a Right Iiate: to vote in the Election of a Burgess to lerve in Parlia-

And he having delivered in a List of those Perlbtis; ment for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint: And being cross-examined by the Counsel for the Sit- It passed in the Negative. ting-Member, in order to prove, that the Landlords of The Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and those Persons were rated, and paid: Mn Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of

The Counsel for the Petitioners desired to know the Opinion of the House, Whether, within the Meaning of the last Reloiution, touching the Right of Election of a the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Flint, and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of the Inhabitants of the several Boroughs of Flint, Rhydlan, Flint, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Caerwys, and Caergurley, and Overton (including Knolton

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

and Overton Foreign), renting Lands or Tenements, for which the Landlords thereof only pay Scotland Lot, have' a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough ? and desiring now to shew, that such Inhabitants have not that Right:

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member having objected to that Method of Proceeding:

And the J ournal of the House, of the 5 th Day of April 1737, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John A BILLfor enlarging the Termand Powersgrantedanfd Tyburn and . Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and dx. given byTwo Acts of Parliament, one of the Firfi, Uxbridge, Re! urn for the said Borough, being read; and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his &c‘ Roads.

The Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the ' to the Objection of the Counsel for the Sitting-Member: Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of

And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member having re- . Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from

Luna, 2 20 die Martii; Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Prayers.

plied:

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That . the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted now to proceed to shew, that the Inhabitants of the several Boroughs Mr.

of Flint, Rhydlan, Caerwys, Caergurley, and Overton (in- James Grant, eluding Knolton and Overton Foreign),renting Lands or

Tenements, for which the Landlords thereof only pay Scotland Lot, have not a Right to vote in the Election - of a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

T he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, j *

jip.

99.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Reloiution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in order to shew, that such Inhabitants have not that Right: And the Counsel for the Sitting-Member were heard by way of Answer; and examined several Witnesses, in order to shew, that, by the Usage of the said Borough,

Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in ttie said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committee! to Sir Hugh Fellows, Mr. Packer, Mr. Strode, Sir Mr. More, Mr. Dig by. Lord- Strange, Mr. Pultenty, Mr. Levinz, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr.

Pitt, Lord Perceval, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Price, Mr. Bance, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Carezv, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Turner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Prowse, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Torke, Mr. Coke, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Shuttlewcrtk, Lord Chetwynd, Earl of Barrymore, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wynne , Lord Middlesex, Mr. Mr. Harris,

Mr. Hungerford, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Miles pylton. Lord Guernsey, Mr. Hill, Mr. Mr.

Denton, Sir Wm. Carew, Earl Granard, Mr. Mr.

Pratt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, and OxfordAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

Sheftbridge

Roads.

some Landlords of Tenements are rated, and pay for other Persons, living in and near the Highways leading Tenement occupied by their Tenants; and that such from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of to the

Tenants have a Right to vote, and have voted, in the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Elections of a Member to lerve in Parliament for the whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That said Borough . the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having replied; Petition; and had directed him to; report the lame, as The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the

withdraw.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being put. That the Inhabitants of the several Boroughs of Flint, RJtydlan, Caerwys, Caergurley, and Overton (including Knolton and Overton Foreign), renting Lands or Tene*

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

An Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her

ments, for which the Landlords thereof only are rated, Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the said Road, was

and pay Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote in the Ektf ion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

.. An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by

iVin

g out the Words "arerated, and

read; by which it appeared, several I oils and Powers were granted for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, for repairing the aforesaid Road; and also an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for enlarging the Term granted by the aforesaid

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Act, and making the same more effectual, was read; by Part of the Question; which it appeared, that the said Act of the Ninth of

Vol. 24. N n Queen

' 1

Kirkcaldy

Harbour.

138 2z* Martii. A. 1741.

Queen Anne was further continued, from the Expiration -Sydenham, Sir H. North cote, Mr. Wynne* Lord thereof, for Twenty Year?. Sir Jer Davsrs, Lord John Sir fames Grant,

Then Mr. Richard Laugharni said, That the Com- Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Mr. Ross, Mr.

mifftOners appointed by the said Acts to repair the Road, Gregory, Mr. Eramjion, Sir Nathanael Major

Were obliged to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls, Selwyn, Mr. Earle-, and all the Members that serve for Six hundred Pqupds; Two hundred of which Sum had North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at been ^aid off; so that there remains now owing, Four Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, hundred Pounds, with Interest at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from Michaelmas last, which A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. could not be paid off, and the Road effectually amended, Montague: without a further Continuance of the said Acts. Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Robert Andrews said, Thar some Parts of theafore- The Lords have passed a Bill, lintituled, An Act for

said Road are in a ruinous Condition, occasioned by the making Articles of Agreement entered into by Aims - EUae. Number of heavy Carriages passing upon the same to the redith Esquirq, and Johanna his Wife, as well in her own Docks with Timber, and other Places to which the said behalf as in behalf ,of their Seven Children, all Infants.

Road leads. and by Thomas Esquire, in behalf of his Son, an

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex- Infant, touching the Partition of the Estate of Robert plain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in Cholmondeley, late of Ho/Jord, in the County of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Esquire, deceased, now remaining unfold, obligatory on Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from the said Infants, and tendering the said Partition effectual Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of and binding toall Parties: To which the Locds define the Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton;and another Concurrence of this lfoufe: And also.

Act, made in the Twelfth Year of thie Reign of his late The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Wanw’*

Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term ini enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to SluicethnT and by the said Act granted; and for other Purposes make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe be- Stockport therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and longing to the Rest ory of , in the County of Gkbet

Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted; And Chester, and to use and enjoy the same for conveying that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Joltiffe, arid Ccfionci Bladen, Water to Stockport Mills: To which the Lords desire the do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Ope Sixth-part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Mr. Hay, from the Commissioners for victualling his victualling

Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Safe, brought Majesty’s K'avy, printed to the House, pursuant to Force* fat

into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirk- their Order, An Account of the Expence of yiftualling to Amend. eddy, and Liberties thereof; was read a Second time. his Majesty’s Land-Forces lent on the Expedition to

Resolved., That the Sill be committed to Mr. Ofiuald, ijca, between the 1 ft Day of January One tlroufaod Seven Mr. Conolly, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Douglas, Sir Thomas hundred and Forty, and the Thirty-first Day of December Drury, Lord Mayor of London, Lord Chenoynd, Sir One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one.

Thomas Cave, Mr. Carey, Sir James Grant, Earl Fitz- And the Title of the said Account was read.

williams. Lord Glemrchy, Mr. Grey, Mr. Levinz, Mr. The said Account is as follows; viz.

London, Victualling-Office, the 19th March 1741.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land-Forces lent on the Expedition to be-

tween the 1 ft Day of January 1740, and the 31st Day of December 1741, prepared pursuant to an Older from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 16th Instant.

Paid on a Contract with Messieurs Majon and Simpson for 12 Months Provisions for 6,000 Land-

Forces, made the 23d April 1740 - -- - 41,75* — H

Paid to enable them to pay Bills of Exchange for the Duty on Rum imported at Jamaica, on the said Contraft - 5,328 9 11

By an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 23d January 40, there were provided and shipped, in August last, Six Months Provisions for Ten tlwuland Land-Forces at Jamaica j but by a subsequent Order from their Lordships, dated the 30th July 1741, Two Ships, laden with Part thereof, were (topped, and sent to the; wherefore

no more is estimated than a Proportion of Six Months for 6,000 Men at whole Allowance j which, at y$d. per Man a Day, amounts unto - - - - 40,950 — —

Amount of Six Months Provisions for 3,161 Soldiers, Bombardiers, at -f Allowance, shipped on board sundry Transport-Ships in the River Thames, in August last, estimated at 6 \d. per Man a Day -- ----- - 14,382 11 *-

Paid Bills of Exchange drawn from North America for Provisions for the Service of the Land-Forces embarked from thence - *,778 *7 11

Paid Mu Williams, Deputy-Secretary of the Island of Jamaica, for his Disbursements, Trouble, and Charges, in receiving and issuing Six Months Provisions for 6,000 Land-Forces, by Order of the Ri|ht Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 17th September 1741 - 1,176 4 —

Paid for Freight and Demurrage of Ships hired to carry Provisions for the.LJfe of the Land-Forces in America - -- -- - 4,823 it 8

Paid upon Account of Freight of Provisions for the Squadron under the Command of Commodore An/on, £. 2,354. 155. 3 d.;the Proportion of which, for 300 Soldiers on board the said Squadron, is - -- -- 606 17 I®

Paid Messieurs Tafftll and Hutchinson on Account of Provisions /applied. the Squadron under the Command of Commodore Anjon, £.4,368. 5 r, yd.; the Proportion of which, for 50© Soldiers on board the said Squadron, is - - - 1,1x 9 5 10

£. it 1,917 1 1

Su. Biffs, Wm. Thompson, Tho. Revell. The. Trefuffs,

W, Hay, F. Eyles, Tho. Brereton.

Ordered,

(s4

Ni't

k

yt

"n

'£P5lt

4

Byrom’* In vention of Short-hand Wriiing.

Meredith's

EAate.

Warren's

Sluice thro*

Stockport

Glebe.

15 Geo. II. Marftu

Ordered, Thattire laid AtCobnt lie'optfn thtTiblfc, Jtefolved, "that the &II be read a Second tune. >:

to'be‘perused by the MenibcVs of ‘tlite Lloufe. , v:

'MprefehTed to the‘House, according to'Ordes, Sto*erbridje

Sir Thomas Drttfyreported from 'tire 'Commifwe, to rt B/ll for making I he Town of tlowerbridge, in the Fanft*

whom the Petition of John 'Byrm, M. A. and F. R. S. tfoUnfy Of Worcester, a separate Parish from. the Parish

was referred. That the Committee had examined fhfc of Swinsford, in the said County; and for making a Matter of the said Petition .; and bad directed ‘him to Trovision for the Minister of the said new Parish; and report the fame, together with the Rfefolutibrts of the for settling the Right of Prefen tat ion to the Church there-Committee thereupon, to 'the ‘HdiifeY And‘hetdad the of:Afidthe'farhe was received; and read the Pklt time. Report in his ‘Place; and afertVartls delivered it in at Refbhed, That 'the Bill be read a Second time,

the Clerk’s Table j Where the same Was read; and is Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second'time

as follows j viz. - Tomorrow SeVenivight.,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ’

Charles Pratt Esquire, and David Hartley M. £). fe- An ihgtoffed Bill for the betierTecuring the Freedom Limiting Of. verally said, That they had learned a Method of Short- of Parliaments, b.y 'limiting the Number df 'Officers in ficer* in the hand, which was reputed to be the Invention of Mr. the House of Commons, was read the Third -time. common* John Byrom, the Petitioner, of whom they learned, and RejblveH, Thalt foe Bill do pass: And that the Title

Who has taught the same Method to many Others, and Be, An Act for the'bet ter securing the Freedom of Par-

deputed Persons to teach for him: liianrems,' by limiting the Number of Officers in the

That the same is ufefol, well adapted to our Language, House of Commons. and may be read by any Person who has learned the Me- ‘Or, That 'Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do tfhod, although wrote by another. carry the Bill tt> the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Byrom said, That be was willing and defitous W t v

to publifti his Method of Short-hand, could he havfethe Mr. CjW/^, adcbrding rdUtder, reported from TWorth foie Right of teaching and felling the fame, when pub- she Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter; Election. Jiftied; but 'he apprehended he might be deprived of the asit appeared to them, touching the Election for the Bo-Benefit thereof; such an Attempt having been made, as rough of in the Counties of Stafford and

appeared by a printed Paper, which he laid before the Warwick, together with the Resolutions of the Conn Committee, intituled, Prapofals for teaching the Art of tnittee thereupon'; which he read in his Place; and after-, writing Short-hand, in a Method entirely new, confiding wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the Keenly of an Alphabet (the fanreas Mr. Byrom’s, which, it is port was read; and is as follows; i

believed, will be demonstrated to be incapable of any Xm- ‘Upon the Petition df Charles Cotes Esquire, complain*

provement), and a few Rules, 'figrted William Ward-, ing of art undue Election and Return of John Floyer

and which he laid was published against his Consent; and Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the

that his Method would be destroyed for general Use, by Borough of in the Counties of Stafford

the Alteration of Persons pretending to teach the fame, and Warwick>

not being well experienced therein. The Committee have examined the Merits of this

Then the Committee came to the following Refofu- Election.

tions: ' By the last Determinafion of the' ffoufe, rna^e the 23d

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. the Right of Election for this

That the Petitioner has folly proved the Allegations of Borough is declared to be irt the inhabitants being House-his Petition. ' holders paying Scotland Lot, and not receivi'qg Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Candidates were the Lord John Sackvtlle, Charles That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring Cotes Esquire, and John Floyer Esquire. ' < -

in a Bill for fectrring to John Byrom, Matter of Arts, the There was no Dispute concerning the Election pit foie Right of puWithing, and teaching for Hire, by him- Lord John Sacville. self, or fetch as ht shall depute, for a certain Term of The Poll was,

Years, the Art and Method of Short-hand, invented by For Mr. Floyer, ----- i56: himl ' For the Petitioner, - - - - 140.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 'Hie Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Wfo-. fechring to John Byrom, Matter of Arts, the foie Right nesses, and produced EVidenCe, in order to disqualify 39 of publishing, and teaching for Hire, by himself, or such df rite Voters for the Sitting-Member; viz. as he shall depute, for a certain Term of Years, the Art *9» 35 inhabiting within the Borough by virtue of aihd Method of Short-hand, invented by him: And that ' Certificates;

Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bathnrjl, Mr. as not being Hbufehokfers;

Ord, and Mr. F'eley, do prepare, and bring in, the 2> as not paying Scotland Lot: - i

feme. But, in the Course of their Examination, the£ admit-

ted, that One of the Eight, objected to as no Householders,

An ingrossed' Bill from the LotBs, intituled, An Act was not disqualified by the Evidence produced; and, a« for making Articles of Agrecrheflt entered in.to by Amos to another, they waved their Objection upon that Pointj Meredith Esquire, and Johanna his Wife, as well in her and rested it upon his not being ari Inhabitant 1 own behalf, as in behalf of their Seven Children, all And the Counsel for the Petitioner offering to proceed Infants, and by Thomas Ashclon Esquire, in behalf of his in their Evidence, With regard to the Certificate-Men;:

Son, an Infant, touching the Partition'of the EstateoF The Sitting-Member’s Counsel infilled, that if the Robert Cholrrton'deley, late of Ho/Jord, in the County of Counsel for the Petitioner intended to include under thfe Chefer, Esquire, deceufed, now remaining unfold, obli- Head of Objection such Certificate-Men as were Inhabit gatory on the said Infants, and rendering tlfe said Parti- tants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not r<q tion effectual and binding to all Parties, was read the Fifft ceiving Alms, they were reltrained from giving Evidence tjme, against any so qualified; such Certificate-Men being* as

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. they alleged. Inhabitants within the Meaning of the last

Resolution concerning the Right of Election ».

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And the Petitioner’s Couhfel denying, that Certj^cate*

to enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, Men, except such Only as had gained a legal Settlement to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe in the Borough, were Inhabitants within the Coniiruc-belonging to the Rectory of Stbckport, in the County of tion of the said Rfesolution;

Chester, and to use and enjoy tire same for conveying The Counsel for the Sifting-Member, in Support of

Water to Stockport Mills, was read the First time. what they insisted'upon, alleged, that those who were'

Vol. 24. *5 qualified

140 22° Martii. A. 1741.

Tamworth qualified according to the Terms expressed in the Refo-Election. iution, had constantly voted in all Elections for this Borough, before and since the Commencement of the Act of Parliament, which declares the last Resolution final; and that several voted at this Election, as well for the Petitioner, as for the Sitting-Member:

That this being the Custom of the Place, becomes the Law of the Place:

That the Gaining of a Settlement is a Qualification not required by the Resolution; and that Persons residing by Certificate, if they contribute to the publick Expences of the Place where they reside, have a Right to be repre-fented in that Place; otherwise it would be manifestly unjust, as they can be only there represented at alii and that this Right they had by Law, before the Statute made in the 13th and 14th Year of King Charles the Second: That the Provisions made by that Statute, as well as fub-sequent Laws, were in order to remedy particular Inconveniencies, without any View or Tendency to what concerned the Right of voting in Elections:

And, in order to prove, that Certificate-Men had always voted at Elections for this Borough, they called J ' '

John Kendall and Francis Wilcox; who being severally examined, said, That they had known the Borough, the first 26, and the other 30 Years: That they were present at the Elections in the Years 1722, 1727, and 1734; and that during the times they we.re so present, Certificate-Men were admitted to vote, without being objected to by any of the Candidates: And the last Witness added. That they1 were always looked upon as legal Votes, though he remembered the Votes of Freeholders being disallowed; and that many of those Pprfons are the:most substantial Inhabitants of the Town, and, contribute to act publick Expences.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting-Member referred to that Part of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Electrons, touching the Election for this Borough,-made the 19th Day of April 1729, where the Evidence is Rated, which was given in order to.teqyalify the Votes of several Persons objeCjied to by the then Petitionef, as. well ds the Sitting Member, under the Head of Cenificate-Persons, by proving them to be Householders, and to pay Scotland Lot; from which the Counsel inferred, that those Persons were then considered as Inhabitants within tire Meaning of the Resolution; and had they not been so considered, the Sitting-Member could not then have maintained a Majority.

In Answer to this, the Petitioner’s Counsel admitted, that many Certificate-Persons were Householders within the Borough, and paid Scotland Lot; but they infilled, that, unless they Lad rented a House of 10/. a Year, or otherwise gained a legal Settlement in the Borough, they could not be deemed Inhabitants within the Resolution, either by Construction of Law, or by the Law and Usage of Parliaments:

That personal Residence is not sufficient to create Inhabitancy; and, by the Statute-Law, every Certificate-Man is deemed an Inhabitant, not of the Place where he re-fides, but of that from whence he came; and that the Purport of the Certificate itleif implies as much: ,

That by the Law and Usage of Parliament, in all Cases where Scotland Lot creates the Right of voting, the De-: terminations, with regard to Certificate-Persons, have always been against allowing their Votes, particularly the same of Wendover, in the Year 1702, in the

Year 1705, and Reading in the last Session of the last Parliament:

That had the contrary been the Sense of the House in the same of Reading, the Counsel, as they alleged, would have been restrained from offering Evidence upon that Point by tbfc Standing Order; as they likewise would have been in the Year 172a, when the Resolution, touching the Right of Election for this Borough, was made, if at that time Certificate-Men had been allowed to be legal Votes within the Meaning thiereof; but as they were objected to on both Sides, the very Instant after the Resolu-

tion was made, it was, they said, evident from thence, that the Objection rnuft have been allowed good; for though the Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty, and the Standing Order, in consequence of that Act, were made long after, yet the Practice before in this Particular, after any immediate Decision of the Right of Election, was always conformable to the Restriction now imposed by the Standing Order; and that, in 1729, the Objection was virtually admitted by the.Sitting-Member against the Votes of such of the Certificate-Men whom he did not requalify:

That if the Construction were otherwise, it would be attended with manyInconveniencies, and give an Opportunity of introducing Numbers of occasional Votes at the time Elections are known to come on.

The Counsel for the Sitting-Member, in their Reply, alledged, that the Precedents of Wendover and were long before the Act of the 2d Year of his present Majesty; and though binding as to those Two Boroughs, yet could be no-ways applicable to; especially

as it did not appear, that Certificate-Persons had voted in either of those Boroughs before; and that they had been, proved to have voted formerly in this Borough:

That the Reason for contending the Point at this time,-is much stronger than it was formerly, in regard the De-t termination now to be made is binding by Law upont the House of Commons itself.

But it being the Opinion of the Committee, that the Counsel for the Petitioner should be admitted to; give Evidence todifqualify the Votes of such Persons as were resident in the Borough by virtue of, the Certificates j They produced the Certificates as to 28 of these Voters:

And they examined

John Arnold, another of the said Persons, who owned that he came by Certificate to inhabit at near

Five Years ago, from the Parish of; and that

his Certificate was allowed by Two Justices of the Peace, and signed by the Overseers of the Poor and Sidefman; there being no Churchwarden of the Parish; That he delivered it into the Hands of the then Bailiff and Town-Clerk; and that an Objection was made to the Form of it, the Words being abbreviated, contrary to Act of Parliament; and he was directed to bring another; but was never afterwards required to produce any.

As to the Seven Persons objected to, as not being Householders;

John Woodcock gave Evidence as to Two of the said Persons, viz. ‘Thomas Farr and Richard Gent: That Farr quitted his House at Lady-day before the Election, which came on the Sixth of May following; and at that time boarded with his Uncle; and that Gent rented only a Shop in the Borough, and boarded with his Son Two or Three Years before the Election.

Joseph Clijjord gave Evidence as to Three others of the said Persons; viz. Thomas Rail, Benjamin Ball, and John Dickenson: That Thomas Ball has lived with his Mother some Years, as the Witness believes: That the Mother is the Householder; and that the Voter was rated only in the Month of April 1741: That Benjamin Ball boarded with, his Mother, and rented only a Shop in the Borough: That Dickenson had lived with his Son some Years be-

fore the Election: That the Son is the HoulholJer; and that both he and the Father voted for the same House.

Being cross-examined, he said, That Benjamin Ball was rated for his Shop and Trade and that John Dickenson always paid the Rates for the House he and his Son lived in.

John Woodcock gave Evidence, That John Hafeldine, another of the said Voters, lived in the same House with his Mother for several Years.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Voter is intitled to the House after his Mother’s Death; and that (he agreed to take her Son into the fil'd House, if he would repair it; which he accordingly did.

As

15 Geo. II. 2 2° Martii.

141

As lo the Voter, to whom they confined their Objec* tion to his not being an Inhabitant;

Thomas Oaks gave Ev'-deiue, That Joint , the said Voter, resides with his Family about a Mile from Tamworth:That he rents a House in the Borough: That he work? at his House in the Day-time, and has a Journeyman there sometimesj but that he lodges out of the Town.

To disqualify the Votes of the other Two Voters objected to as not paying Scotland Lot;

Francis Clifford said, That Thomas , one of the said Voters, paid to the Witness, who was Overseer for the Year 1740, ti e Kate of the xMonth of May only in that Year; and that he afterwards aDiconded for Debt; but the Witness could give no Evidence, whether he did, or did not, pay the Rate for the Year 174!.

Being crots-examined, he said, That he and his Partner went out of Office in April 1741: That they always collected, and made up their Accounts of, the Rates together: That the Rates are collected monthly, m each of which, there is a Crols put against the Voter’s Nafne: That he promised the Witness to pay them, but afterwards Tefuled ;and that the Witness and his Partner took the Rate upon themselves, and paid it.

Thomas Oaks laid. That he applied to Badger, on the behalf of a Client, for Debt due from him; but could not find Badger-, and that, lbme Weeks before the Election, Badger offered to compound his Debt for in the

Pound, which the Witness’s Client refused.

John Blood, Overseer of the Poor for the Year 1741, gave Evidence, That Thomas the other Voter,

objected to upon this Head, did not pay any Part of the Rates collected by him.

John Bindley, the other Overseer, produced the Poor’s Rate for the Month of May 1741; wherein the Voter's Name is inserted; but it did not appear, that be had paid that Rate.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Election came on the 6th of the same Month; and that it was agreed to poll by the Rate made for the Month of April preceding; which Rate the Witness did not produce.

Then the Sitting-Member’s Counftl, in order to prove that the Majority for him was acquidced in by the Petitioner at the Time of the Election, examined

Samuel B-eardJlcy, who said, He was present during the whole Time of tire last Election: That it was agreed, the Voters should be polled by the Rates made for the Month of April immediately preceding:

That no Objection was made during the Poll, but what, by Consent of all Parties, was fubnaitted to the Court, and then determined: That the Petitioner made no Objection to any of the Sitting-Member’s Votes; nor did he demand a Scrutiny after the Poll was closed, but seemed well satisfied, and congratulated the Sitting-Member upon his Election; and when the Sitting-Mem1-ber made Answer, that he hoped the Petitioner was satisfied he had had a fair Poll, the Petitioner replied, He thought he had; and shewed no Dissatisfaction after the Election was over.

To justify the Votes of Twelve objected to on the Petitioner’s Part-, as being Certificate-Men, the Sitting-Member’s Counsel examined,

Francis Wikox: Who gave Evidence as to William Bailey, David Patrick, John Smart, Richard Fletcher, and Ralph Crockatl, Five of those Persons, That they were ail Men of considerable Substance: That Bailey rented, at the Time of the ’Election, a House of£. 7. a Year, together with Land by Lease of £3. a Year Value, within the Borough; and that he rents betides, 351. a Year in the Parish:

That David Patrick rents Land in the Parish to the . Value of 40. a Year, and has a Freehold Estate worth

£ S°-

That John Smart is hn Inhabitant in the/Borough, and

has a Freehold there, which tire Witness computed Vol. 24.

at the Value of f. 30. and of which the Voter has been in possession for several Years:

That Fletcher, Two Years ago, served the Office of Collector of the Land and Window-Tax in the Parish: That Crockatt, since the Date of his Certificate, had

once a Moiety of a Freehold in the Borough, in Right of his Wife, the Whole valued at £. 30: That he executed the Office of Overseer of the Poor several Years ago, and collected the Rates.

Being cross-examined, he said, That Crockatt was appointed an Overseer by a Justice of Peace out of the Borough: That there are Justices by Charter, who aft within the Borough: That the Bailiff and Town-Clerk are the principal Officers there, and always appoint the Overseers; and that, at the time Crockatt was Overseer, there was a Dispute who had the Right of Appointment, which has been since determined in lavout of the Bailiffs; and that some of the Inhabitants then paid the Rates to the Overseers appointed by the Bailiffs, and feme to those appointed by the Justices; and that he, the Witness, himself then refuled to pay the Rates to those appointed by the Justices.

John Kendall gave Evidence as to John Patrick, Thomas WatJ'on, John Smith, John Bindley, and Richard Chadburn, Five other of the said Voters, That the Two Fifft and Bindley were Persons of considerable SubstanCe: That Patrick rents Lands within the Pari lb of Tamworth to the Value of£.20. a Year, besides a Brick Kiln within the Borough, and had served the Office of Constableand Overseer of the Poor some Years ago:

That Thomas Watson, now deceased, for several Year.? rented Lands in the said Parish, to the yearly Value of f.ii. ioj.; and that he inhabited in the Borough about a Year and a Quarter before the Election; and that the annual Value of his House and Shop in the Borough, is about £.7,.is.

Being further examined, he said. That Walton's Certificate was demanded of him after he came out of the Parish to live in the Borough; and that it is customary to demand Certificates from Persons coming out of the Parish, as well as out of the Hamlets belonging thereto, to inhabit in the Borough: That when any Inhabitant of the Borough, or of the Parish, becomes chargeable, lie is maintained out of the Rates tollefted iaeach Place, respectively; and that the Rates for the Borough, and those for the Parish, are confirmed by different Justices of the Peace:

That John Smith had lived many Yeats in the Borough at the time of the Election, and tented Lands within tire fame, of the yearly Value of £. 7. for. and 40J. in the Liberty called the Cctjlle Liberty, which is in the Paruh j but he believes he held none of those by Lease: That he is a Gardener, and generally rents his Lands from Tear to Year.

He likewise said. That there are Nine or Ten Hamlets belonging to the Parish, which have distirtft Officers, and Two or Three Hamlets in One Constablewidc; and when any Person removes from one Constabkwick to another, it is usual to carry a Certificate with him4 and that the Castle Liberty, and each Contla'blewick, maintain their own Poor.

- Being further examined, hfc said. That if a Person ’Coming from one District to another in the P^wish of Tamworth, rents f. io. a Year, or serves ah annual Office in the said Parish, he is qualified to vote in Elections for the Borough:

That Joint Bindley was appointed Overseer of the Poor in the Month of April, about Three Weeks before the Election, at the usual Time of Appointment; but that he never served any Office before:

That Rickard ‘Chadburn served the Office of He-idbo-rough Twenty Years ago; and that it is Forty Years since he came into the Borough by Certificate:

And Francis Wilcox fold, That "Chadburn has bee* pdflefled of a House in the Borough for some Years.

John Scott said, That John Arnold, another of the said O o "Voters,

Tam^r^rth E led ion.

Tamworth

Election.

141 12° Martiu A. 1741.

Voters, is a Householder, and paid the Rates the Year of the Election, to the Witness, who was then Collector.

William Osborne gave Evidence as to Robert another of the said Voters, That he lived Three Years in the Borough, as a hired Servant, about Eight or Nine Years ago, and has since continued there, and gained no Settlement in any other Place; but his Certificate appeared to be dated the azd of January 1734.

The Petitioner’s Counsel, in observing upon this Head of Evidence in their Reply, did admit the Votes of William Bailey, John Patrick, and David , to be requalified.

To justify Six of the Votes objected to, as not being Householders, and One as not being an Inhabitant: Francis Wilcox gave Evidence, That Thomas Farr, One of the said Voters, is a Freeholder, r$nts an Estate of the yearly Value of £. 22. ior. had a House in the Borough at the Time of the Election, wherein he kept a Servant, besides Two Apprentices, and a Journeyman; and that he and his Family lie in the House.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the House he lived in at the Time of the Election, was situate in Church-Lane; but that the ^louse he now lives in, which he has occupied about Half a Year, is situate in Gun-Gate: That he quitted the first House after the Election, but the Witness could not speak exactly, whether at Lady-day, or Midsummer last; but that as soon as he quitted the one, he went to the other, a House which his Father had given him; and that both Houses are in the Borough.

Mr. Thomas Oaks, being examined, owned his applying to Farr for his Vote for the Petitioner, before the

Election; that he was not then apprized of his having quitted his House in Church-Lane, but that having since had some Conversation with the Owner of that House, the Witness was told, that he quitted the same the Lady-day before the Election.

John Kendall gave Evidence, That Richard Gent, One of the said Voters, was a Householder, and paid the Rates at the Time of the Election, and keeps Servants in the House, but that he lpdges at the House his Son lives at.

William Beardsley gave Evidence, as to Thomas Ball, That he was present when Mr. Woolferjien, who appeared at the Election as an Agent for Lord John Sacville, applied at the Vestry on the First Sunday in April preceding the Eieftion, to have Ball put upon the Rates, saying, He was a substantial Man, and rented a House of 8. a Year; and that Ball being present, consented, and accordingly was rated for his House in the Borough:

That Ball was a Householder at the Time of the Election'; and that the Witness has seen him pay Rent for his House: That his Mother lives in the House, but has assigned her Interest therein, to her Son, as the Voter informed the Witness:

But in the Poor's Rates, for the Month of April 1741, ' there appeared no Mark of Payment against Ball’s Name.

Walter Rose gave Evidence as to Benjamin Ball and John HaJeldine, Two other of the said Voters, That they

were Householders in the Borough at the Time of the Election: That Ball's Master, with whom he served his Apprenticeship as a Cloth-worker, assigned over hisStock and Trade to the Voter, upwards of Two Years ago. That John HaJeldine's House is a Freehold, and was built by the Voter himself, who is rated for it:

Being asked, What Reason he had to imagine the House was the Voter’s during his Mother’s Life I He said, his Reason was, That when the House was pulled down, the Voter applied to the Witness to give him Credit for Laths, Nails, and other Materials; and afterwards piaid him for them:

In the Poor’s Rate for April 1741, J. HaJeldine is marked, as having paid the Rates.

William " Scott gave Evidence, That John,

another of the said Voters, lived in a House within the Borough, at the Time of the Election; for which House he is rated, and paid the Rates; and that he does not

live with his Son.

... <-

As to the other Voter objected to, as not being an Inhabitant;

Francis Wilcox said. That John Docber, the Person ob-jedted to, was a Householder in the Borough, at the Time of the Election, kept Servants constantly in his House; and, he believes, was always ra'ed for the fame: That he has a Farm about a Mile distant from Tamworth, which his Wife and Son manage; and to which the Voter sometimes goes to assist them; but that his general Abode is in his House in the Borough, where he has a Bed, and boils a Pot.

As to the Two objected to, as not paying Scotland Lot;

William Scott produced the Poor’s Rate for the Month of April 1741} and the Names of those Two Voters are

marked, as having paid the Rate.

Then the Sitting-Member’s Counsel objected to the Votes of Two of the Petitioner’s Voters, as inhabiting within the Borough by Certificate:

Five, as not being Householders in the Borough: One, as not paying Scotland Lot; and One, as having received a Bribe:

As to the Two Persons first objected to, the Certificates relating to them were produced.

Then as to the other Five, they examined,

John Bindley: Who gave Evidence, That Thomas Pi-chard, One of those Persons, was a Cobler, and, at the Time of the Election, rented only a Room in a House, to which there is but one Entrance in the Front: but that the Voter is rated to the Poor’s Rate for his Room, and for his Trade, but not to the Window-Fax.

Mr. Rose said, That John Storrer, another of the said Voters, rented only a Shop and a Cellar, at the Time of the Election; and that he had his Lodging and Diet with his Father, who lives a Mile from the Borough.

John Kendall and Francis Wilcox, being leveraiiy examined, said, That the greatest Part of the House, ia which Benjamin Moore, another of the said Voters, inhabits, {lands in the Castle-Liberty, out of the Boundaries of the Borough, except about Two Foot, in which there is not Room for a Bed; and that, exclusive of that House, the Voter only rents a Shop within the Borough, of 20 s.a Year Value:

But they owned, that he had served the Office of Head borough for the Town.

Samuel Princep said, That William Bateman, another of the said Voters, was no Householder at the Time of the Elc&ion, but has his Lodging and Diet with his Mother.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Voter has been rated for the House Four Years ago; but that it was the general Opinion of the Town, That he was rated in order to multiply Votes:

That the House, for which he is rated, goes by the Name of Mr. IVolferston's Office, to whom the Voter is a Clerk: That there is no Bed or Furniture in the House, or any Servant kept therein.

Samuel Beardsley find, That Mr. occupies

the lower Rooms of the said House as an Office; and that it is the general Opinion of the Place, that Bateman is rated with a View to multiply Votes; Mr. having been concerned as Agent in several Elections in this Borough.

John Kendall gave Evidence, That the House Ft which William Breadon another of the said Persons, voted, Hands out of the Borough, in the Castle-Liberty, except only 2 Foot 9 Inches Depth of the Front of One Room, in which Part there is no room for a Bed.

Being cross-examined, he said. That the Occupiers of that Hqufe had always voted in former Elections; and that Breadon had served the Office of Overseer of the Poor some Years ago; and that his House was rated within the Borough.

Then the Sitting-Member’s Counsel proceeding to disqualify John Bay ley, Oae of the Petitioner’s Voters, as nqt paying Scotland Lot;

The

15 GeO. IL 2 2*

The Petitioner’s Counsel admitted, that the said Voter had not paid the Rates.

John Scott, being examined, said. That John Bay fey, the said Voter, refuted paying the Rates; and the Reason which the Witness had heard him give for his Re-fulal, was, That the Borough was indebted to him on Account of Rent for a House, made use of by them some Years ago, for lodging their Poor.

Then, in order to add One to the Sitting-Member’s Poll, they examined Francis IVilcox: Who gave Evidence, That Gregory Kent was a Householder in the Borough at the Time of the Election: That his Family have always lived in the Borough for several Years, but that the Voter has a Lodging Four Miles distant from thence.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Voter had been obliged to abscond for some Years, on Account of his Circumstances:

That Kent allows his Landlord, whose Name is JVal-lace, 25 s.a Year for the Rates; and by the Rates, Wallace appears to be rated for s House.

Samuel Princep said. That Kent lies sometim$s with his Family at that House; and that about a Quarter or Half a Year before the Election, the Witness attended him there, on Accout of his having a fore Leg.

Samuel Beardsley said. He saw Kent tender his Vote at the lad Election, for the Sitting-Member, which was re-fhfed: That an Objection arose about his not being an Inhabitant; but the Witness believes, that, as the Sitting-Member had so great a Majority, the Returning Officer did not think it worth while to consider the Objection. Then, in order to prove Bribery on the Petitioner, George Moore, being examined, said. That he had not taken the Oath against Bribery: That the Sunday before the Election, the Petitioner asked the Witness fir his Vote; to whom he made Answer, That he thought he could not give it him: That he owed Samuel Princep 12 s.4 d.for Physick; and that if the Petitioner would

pay that Debt, and give the Witness a Pair of Buck-(kin Breeches, he should have his Vote: Which the Petitioner promising to do, the Witness accordingly voted for him.

Being asked. How he came to mention the Debt he owed to Princep ? He answered. That he had been ill, and was willing, if he could, to get it paid by his Vote; and that had he voted on the other Side, it would not have cleared his Debt:

That this Debt is not paid, to his Knowledge, nor hath he yet received the Breeches: That there was no Agreement for any Money to be in the Breeches; but the Witness owned he was corrupted by the Promise before-mentioned.

Being further examined, he said. That he never had any Conversation with Princep about disposing of his Vote; but that he hath paid him some Part of the Debt (ince the Election; and that Princep never made him any Offer to induce him to vote for the Sitting-Member:

But, upon further Examination, he owned, that Princep told him, one Night, when drunk, he would forgive him the Debt he owed him, provided he would vote for Mr. Flayer-, but that Princep did not mention it as the Desire of Mr. Floyer, only proposed it as his own Motion: And being asked, Whether Princep did not like-wile offer him a Pair of Breeches? He said, he did not.

Samuel Princep, being examined, said, That Moore owed him a Debt at the Time of the Election; which the Petitioner Dr. Cotes promised to pay, and desired the Witness would buy a Pair of Buck-lkin Breeches, and give them to Moore-, and said, that he would repay him.

Being cross-examined, he said. That he voted for the Petitioner and Sitting-Member, and solicited Votes for both, but was not employed as an Agent for either:

That Moore has done Work for the Witness since that Debt was contracted, but has also contracted a further Debt:

Being asked. Who is to pay the he said. That the Petitioner promised to pay it the Monday before the Election: That Moore having acquainted the Vol. 24.

Martii. 143

Witness with the Promise made him by the Petitioner, Tarmvorth and the Witness doubting the Truth of it, acquainted the Elect«on< Petitioner with what Moore had said, describing his Per-(on to the Petitioner, who then owned he had made Moore such a Promile, and desired the Witness to crcis his Book, and to buy the Breeches; and that he would repay him again when the Election was over:

Being examined as to any Conversation he had with Moore, before the Election, he said, He asked Moore to vote for the Petitioner, and a third Man, who was then unknown to him: That he remembers not to have feeti Moore after Mr. Floyer declared himself a Candidate, anil that he never asked Moore to vote for Mr. Floyer, but for the Petitioner, and a third Man.

Being further examined, he said, He never promised Moore to forgive him his Debt; but that he believes he might one Night say to Moore, George, you owe me some Money; if you will oblige me with your Vote, I may forgive you your Debt:

That the Debt not being paid, he has not crofted his Book; it not beingusual for Tradesmen so-to do, till they receive their Debt: That he looks upon the Petitioner as his Paymaster, but never applied to him upon that Account:

That he did not buy the Breeches for and his

Reason was, that he thought it contrary to the Rules of this House; but as to what was his Notion concerning the Offer to release Moore's Debt, he would give no Answer.

Being asked if this Converlation with the Petitioner, was before Mr. Floyer was declared, he answered, He could not speak certainly, whether it was before or after he came to Tamvjorth.

Then the Sitting-Member’s Counsel alleged, That the;

Petitioner having treated the Voters after the Teste of the Writ, contrary to Law, the same incapacitated him from being chose, though he should be allowed to have a Majority of Votes.

And they referred to the Act of the 7th r.f the 11 Id, and to the Proceedings of the House upon the several Hearings of the Elections for the Boroughs of Aldborough and Fhetford; the First in 1696, and the other in 1699.

Then they examined,

Francis IVilcox: Who said, That he keeps an Inn; that he, by Orders from Mr. Oaks and Mr. Clifford

Agents for the Petitioners, delivered out Liquors to the.

Voters after the Proclamation of the Writ.

John Kendall said, That the Friends of the Petitioner were treated at his House, which is a publick House, by Order of Mr. Oaks, who was employed to solicit Votes for the Petitioner: That the said Orders were given on the First of May, but the Witness cannot teli whether it was before or after the Election was proclaimed.

Being cross-examined, he said. That the Expence is charged to Mr. Oaks; and that the Voters for Mr. Floyer were entertained at the same time: That lie knows nothing more of Mr. Oaks's being an Agent for the Petitioner, than that he asked Votes for him.

The Petitioner’s Counsel, in Reply to the Evidence offered with regard to Bribery, alleged, . That the Charge was not supported by the Evidence produced; and that Moore had prevaricated in the Account he gave of that Matter:

That the Two Persons examined as Witnesses, to charge a Third Person, were the Corrupter and Corrupted, which was sufficient to destroy the Credit of their Testimony; and that there appeared a great Improbability as to the Truth of the Evidence, when it was con side red how unlikely it was, that the Petitioner should behave so open and unguarded, to a Person who was well known strongly to solicit Votes for the Sitting-Member .*

That, with regard to treating after the Teste of the Writ, they alleged. That nothing which appeared from the Evidence, ought to affect the Petitioner, as the En»-tertainments were not bespoke by him, nor were they charged to his Account; and that it appears, that the

Person*

Tam worth Election.

Cardigan

Election.

144

Persons concerned, only fclicited Votes for him, but are not proved to have been Agents employed by him.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Floyer Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tam worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Cotes Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Grown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return fof the Borough of Tamworik, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, by rafing out the Name of John Floyer Esquire, and inserting the Name of Charles Cotes Esquire, instead thereof,

Mr. Hume Campbell also, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the County of Cardigan, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Cardigan, for and on behalf of themselves, and others, the Freeholders of the same County; and also the Petition of Thomas Pozve/!$ of Nanttes, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, severally complaining of an un* due Election and Return of Walter Lloyd, of Peter-well, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County;

-The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Numbers, as they first ftoodupon the Poll, were; For the Sitting-Member - - 346.

For the Petitioner ... 332.

But from these Numbers, by an Entry wrote at the End of the Lift, upon the Poll, for each Candidate, it appears that the Sheriff had (truck off the Poll, as bad Votes,

\ From the Sitting-Member’s - - 2.

From the Petitioner’s - - 12.

Which then reduced the Poll

For the Sitting-Member, to - - 344.

For the Petitioner, to - - - 340.

The Couftfel for the Petitioner alleged, That they were prepared to disqualify the Votes of a great Number of Persons who voted for the Sitting-Member; but they produced Evidence, and examined Witnesses, only as to Seven of them, as follows; viz.

Mr. Thomas JJoyd gave Evidence as to Evan Bowen and John AJcougJi, Two of the said Persons: That Bowen voted in Right of a Fourth Part of an undivided Freehold Estate, the Whole being only of the annual Value of £-6-

That the Estate for which John A [cough voted, is Valued at £.10. ios. per Annum; but that the same is now incumbered with a Mortgage of a hundred Pounds, and a Judgment for £. 250.

The Evidence, as to the Judgment upon AJcough\ Estate, was confirmed by Thomas Parry, who likewise gave Evidence.:

That the Estate, for which John Herbert (another of the said Persons) voted, was of the yearly Value of £. 16. or £. tj. but that the same was, at the Time of the Election, charged with an Incumbrance of £. 471. 171. and that since the Election, the Estate has been fold for only £#4.10'.

Thomas Lloyd gave Evidence, That the Freehold for 16

A. 1741.

which John Jenkins (another of the said Persons) voted, is only of the Value of 35 s. per Annum.

Thomas Parry gave Evidence, as to Thomas Edwards and William Rees, (Two other of the ford Voters) That Edwards had no Freehold at the Time of the Election*, but was only Tenant to his Father; and that Wi/hafo Rees had no Freehold at the Time of the Election itrthe County.

Jenkin Evans said, That John Thomas (another of the said Persons) has a Freehold of about 20or 30s. a Year, but was not rated tot* the lame, as appeared by die Rates, which he produced.

Being cross-examined, he said, There are several of the Name of John Thomas in the same Pavifh, but none of those Persons, besides the Voter* have any Freehold.

The Petitioner’s Counsel resting their Evidence upon this Majority, which appeared for the Petitioner;

The Sitting-Member’s Counsel declared, That they should not call any Evidence; but submitted it to the Committee, how far the Evidence, produced on the Petitioner’s Part, was sufficient to disqualify the Votes obv jetfted to; and that they would give the Committee no further Trouble. 1

And the Counselon both Sides being withdrawn, thfc Committee was informed, on the part of the Sitting*-Member, that several of his Witnesses weTe Tick in the Country, and not able to attend; and that he would give the Committee no further Trouble.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Waiter Lloyd Esquire, is not duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Powell Esquire is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for thfc County of Cardigan.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put tltereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the County of Cardigan, by rating out the Name of Walter Lloyd Esquire, and inserting the Narine of Thomas Powell Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner (no Counsel attending for the Sitting-Member) being called in, infilled, That, deducing from the Sitting-Member’s Poll, the Number of Votes whom the Counsel tar the Petitioners had given Evidence to disqualify, a Majority of Vote* remained for the Petitioner Richard Williams Esquire.

And the Counsel being directed to withdraw;

And the fitting-Member being absent; a

..... Ti*

22* Martii.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Flint

Election.

15 Geo. II.

2i° — 230

*45

Flint Election.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Trent

Navigation.

King dun upon Hull Poor;

tar, oin or before the First of* May, in which same they might have been imported into this Kingdom upon of before the 24th of June 1740; and representing to the House, That the Petitioner having been a considerable Trader to Spain, when in Amity with this Kingdom, had,

The House was informed, by one of their Members,

That hewas authorized by the Sitting-Membertoacquaint this House, that the House having, upon Friday lad, resolved, that the Inhabitants of the several Boroughs of Flint, Rhydland, Caerzvys, Caergurky, and Overton, (in-

cluding Knoltonand Overton Foreign), renting Lands or in the Month of January 1739, his Agent in Spain, Tenements for which the Landlords thereof only pay bought up a Quantity of fine Cork, weighing about 344 Scotland Lot, have not a Right to vote in the Election Quintals, which was shipped from landed

of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in in February 1739, and was, on or before the

Flint, in the County of Flint, the Sitting Member desires First of May 1740, shipped at Portmahon, on board the not to give the House any farther Trouble. George Eaves Commander, to be imported hither}

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, and that as the Voyage from to Great Britain

That Sir George Wynne Baronet is duly elected a Burgess is usually performed in about One Month, the said Cork to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of might very probably have arrived here long before the

Flint, in the County of Flint;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Richard Willia Esquire is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough-of Flint, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this

24th of June, but that the same did not arrive here until the Fifth of July, which being Eleven Days after the Prohibition took Place, the same could not be entered, but the Petitioner was obliged to order the same for Am-Jlerdam: And further representing, That many other Merchants, and their Property, may be in the like same with the Petitioner; and that in case the Petitioner shall

House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the be obliged to continue the Cork in and (ell it

Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, by rating out there, the Crown will not only lose the Duty which the Name of Sir George IVynne Baronet, and inferring the might be paid thereon, but the Petitioner will sustain a

Tamworth

Eie&on.

Name of Richard Williams Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 230 Mar tit;

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741. Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Tamu'orth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick; and also the Return for the County of Cardigan-, and likewise the Return for the Borough of in the County of Flint.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Justices, Common Coun-cil, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Bill now depending in Parliament, for making the

very great Lois thereby; and the Petitioner cannot, by means of the Accident aforesaid, now import the same hirher, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: In Consideration whereof, and for that the Petitioner finds in the printed Votes of this House, that a Petition from sundry Merchants interested in Spanish Wines, not imported hither, before the Prohibition took Place, hath been received, and referred by the House to a Committee; praying the House, That they will be pleased to take his same into Consideration, in like manner with that of the said other Petitioners; and to grant him such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident! ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed } presented to this House the Third Day of this instant March, was referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived.

A Petition of Samuel Webber was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the Petitioner has,

Exportation at Wool.

Branch or Channel of the River Trent, running under the for nrany Years pall, employed almost his whole Time, ‘T ’ ' ’ * and also been at very great Expence, in contriving a Me-

thod to prevent the Exportation of Wool to foreign Parts; and for that Purpose printed, and presented to this House, at the End of the last Session of Parliament, a Scheme for that Purpose, and also for regulating Servants and Apprentices: Which Scheme the Petitioner apprehends

Castle and Town of Newark, navigable, front the Place commonly called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkam, to the upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham, will be a great Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, would be effectual for the Purposes aforesaid, and may until the said Bill be read a Second time. be put in Execution without any Expence to the Publick,

and in its Consequence produce large Sums towards ti e A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more lessening of our Taxes, and discharging the National effectual, Two Acts, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth Debt: And therefore praying the House, to take tbd. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the same into Consideration; and to grant him Leave to be Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correc- heard in relation thereto; or to do Otherwise therein, as

tton, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there; and the other, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor in the said Town, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation of Spanish Goods.

the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of

Custom, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And that the Petitioner be heard A Petition of Benjamin Ferrand, of London, Merchant, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That his laid Petition, if he thinks fit. the Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of

his Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting Commerce with Spain Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Memtxrj (although the Bill for the same was ordered to be brought House, do go with the Mace into the summoned.

in in December 1739), received the Royal Assent, but Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and lunimon

’ the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

P p A Motion

upon the 29th of April 1740, and thereby Spanish Goods could not be imported hither after the 1 ft of June 1740, unless such as had been imported into Minorca or Gibral* You. 24.

Committee of Enquiry on Earl of Orforti’s C;ndu&.

Address Pf spefting affording iup-port to the Queen of Hungary.

23° — 24* Martii. A. 1741.

A Motion was made, and the Quetlion being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford, during the last Ten Years of his

being First Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer; The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for [he Yeas, Wymi:\ I51-

Tellers for the Noes,j^| Secretariat War. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secresy.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One-and-twenty.

Resolved, That the Committee be clioten by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of One-and-twenty Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses, at the Table, by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Counties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return-Book.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to adore him of the Fidelity, Zeal, and Affection of this House, to his Royal Person, Family, and Government; and that his faithful Commons will take every Opportunity, in this critical Conjuncture, to shew how sensible they are of the present dangerous Situation of Europe, by the Distrefies to which the Queen of Hungary has been reduced; and as the late favourable Turn of Affairs affords reasonable Grounds to hope, that if (he is timely and properly assisted by those Powers who are engaged by Treaties, and bound by Interest, to support her, the Balance of Power may be again restored, and the Tranquillity of Europe re-established; this House will therefore proceed, with Unanimity, Vigour, and Dispatch, to support his Majesty in all such Measures as shall be necessary to attain these great and desirable Ends; having, front a just Sense of their Duty the highest Regard for the Honour and Safety of his Majesty, and the truest Concern for the Freedom, Peace, Trade, and Welfare of these Kingdoms.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

the Castle and Town of Newark, navigable, from the Place commonly called the Upper Wear, in the Parish of Averham, in the County of Nottingham, to a Place

called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South , in

the same County, will be a great Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill nuy pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made before, and in consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, with the most Honourable Jemima Marchioncfs Grey, and for other Pur poles therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Lord Gage, Mr. Lord Limerick,

Lord Filzzvil/iams, Sir Charles GiMr. Lambe, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Sonthivell, Mr. Mr. Prczvfe,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumer, Mr. GoJolphin, Mr. -ire. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Whitchcote, LJrd Strange,

Mr. Cleveland, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Turner, Mr. Compton, Sir Erasmus Philips, Mr Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Denton, Mr.

Cocks, Lord Glenorchy, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Coke, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Downing, Lord Eujion; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bedford, Hertford, Northampton, Leicester, , Gloucester, Cam-

bridge, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Yorkt’i Mari ii^e Articles,

Ordered, That Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Hayward, and Mr. Ledbiwy John Martin, be added to the Gentlemen who are ap- Road*, pointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the county of ,

to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Time »p- Majesty having byen waited upon (pursuant to the Order P"m.t'd lot of Yesterday), humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole LaidTu. House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1741.

Mercuriiy 24° Martii;

Anno 15® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

Trent A PETITION of the Graziers, Farmers, and Inha-Navigukn. JbX. bitants, of the several Villages of Long Bennington, Claypole, Doddington, W and Balderton, in the

Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the said Towns abound in Corn and Wool; and that the Town of Newark is the principal Market for vending the lame, the greatest Part of which goes either up or down the River Trent, and that Coal is brought in lieu of the fame: And further representing to the House, That the Bill now depending in Parliament, for making the Branch or Channel of the River Trent, running under

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Exportation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, W(K

to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of CuHompton, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

147

15 Geo. II. 250 —

Jovis, 2 5* die Martii;

Anno 1 Georgii IId! Regis, 1742.

Prayers,

Trent

Navigation.

A PETIT ION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders and Navigators on the River Trent, or otherwise interested in the Water-carriage upon the said River, in the County of Nottingham, and in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the several Counties of

cester, Derby, and Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and others, was prefen ted to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the House, That if the Bill now depending before this House for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable, from the Dividing of thcStream

at a Place called the Upper W, in the County of Nottingham, to their joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County, should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will be very prejudicial, not only to the Petitioners, but to several other Persons navigating on the said River, or otherwise interested in the Navigation thereof: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners tnay have Leave to be heard by themselves, or Coun-fel, what they have to oiler against the Palling of the said Bill, at such time as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Insolvent Mr. Cornetvall presented to the House, according to Debars. Order, a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Clmicester Mr. Thomas ALajler presented to the House, according Road*. jo Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powtrs granted by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. ’John's Bridge, in the County of Gtoucejier: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridport Ordered, That the Inhabitants in, and Electors for Election. Members to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Bridport, in the County of DorJ'et, who petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, have Leave to withdraw their Petition.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments wlutloever, in the several Counties of Lowth, , and Sligoe, and elsewhere, in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Francis Earl of Carltngford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Jenyns presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for'repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket-Heath, and the Town of Cambridge-, another, passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing thy Road from Foulmire to Cambridge-, and the Third, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Articles of Agreement entered into by Amos Meredith Esquire, and Johanna his Wife, as well in her own behalf, as in behalf of their Seven Children, all Infants, and by Thomas Asheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son, an Infant, touching the Partition of the Estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, now remaining unfold, obligatory on the said Infants, and rendering the said Partition effectual, and binding to all Parties, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savill, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Phi/lipps, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Periam, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. John , Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Courtenay, Lord Strange, Mr. Page, Mr. Yorke, Sir

Richard Abdy, Mr. Parker, Sir Wms. Wynne,

Mr. poley. Sir John Chapman, Mr. Harris, M r. Pitt, Mr.

Powney, Sir Charles Mot daunt, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Courtnay, Mr. Gregory, Lord Sidney Beauc/erk; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, caster, Derby, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Carlin&ford'* Eftaie.

Stump-Croft

Roads.

Mrredish’s

Estate.

r

Bridport William Bowles Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Writ. serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bewdley.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the said Mr. Bowles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is > 26° Martii.

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

VOL. 24.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warren’s to enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, Sluice thro’ to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe Q^port belonging to the Redlory of Stockport, in the County of U *" Chester, and to use and enjoy the fame, for conveying Water to Stockport Mills, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Gildart, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Vere, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir JoIm Glynne, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr. Wil-

kinson. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Murray, Mr. Strickland,

, Mr, Edgecumbe, Mr. Grant, Mr. Eyles, Sir George Ox-

enden, Mr. Revel I, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay, the

Earl of Granard, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Young, Mr. West,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bond, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Mr.

Harris, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wilson, Colonel,

Mr. Plumptree, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Trelawney, Colonel Cholmondeley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and North Wales: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

I'

148 2 6° Mar hi. A. 1741.

Correspondence of the Admiralty with Mr. Haddock, &c.

Mr. Trevor, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of all Orders, Inftnnftions, or Letters, written by the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Mr. Haddock, from the -28th January 1738, and Copies of all Letters written from Mr. Haddock to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, since the 28th January 1738; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth:

N° 1. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral dated 29th

January 1738.

2. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 10th March 1738.

3. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 9th April 1739.

4. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 17th April 1739.

5. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 6th June 1739.

6. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 21ft

June 1739.

7. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 31st July 1739.

8. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 6th August 1739.

9. Copy of -an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th October 1739.

10. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th

October 1739.

11. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th

October 1739.

12. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 23d October 1739.

13. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 26th

October *739; inclosing Copy of the Petition of the Merchants trading to the Mediterranean, to his Majesty; as also, Copy of a Memorial from the Merchants of London trading to the Mediterranean, to the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

14. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 6th

November 1739.

15. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 8th November 1739; inclosing

A Lift, of the Ships bound with Provisions for Gibraltar and Portmahon.

16. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty td Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 20th November 1739; inclosing

An Abstract of the several Treaties relating thereto.

17. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 24th November 1739.

18. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 20th

January 1739.

15. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 23d January 1739.

ao. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 14th March 1739.

21. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 24th March 1739.

22. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 29th March 1740.

23. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddated 19th May 1740; inclosing

Copy of the Opinion of the Advocate-General thereupon.

24. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 19th May 1740; inclosing

Copy of the Envoy of Portugal's Memorial relating thereto.

25. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral r, dated 27th

May 17 40.

26. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 2d June 1740.

27. Copy of an Order trom the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th June 1740.

28. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 2d July 1740.

29. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear Admiral Haddock, dated 9th July 1740.

30. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 22d July 1740.

31. Copyot an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 25th July 1740.

32. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 22d August 1740.

33. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th September 1740.

34. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Hadddated 28th

March 1741.

35. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Hdated a8th

March 1741.

36. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 30th March 1741.

37. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 5th May 1741.

38. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral dated 12th

May 1741.

39. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 10th June 1741.

40. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 21st July 1741.

41. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 9th September 1741.

41. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 29th January 1738.

43. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 10th March 1738.

44. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 10th March 1738.

45. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 30th March 1739.

46. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 5th May 1739.

47. Copy

i 5 Geo. II*

i6 ° Martiu

*49

47. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 15th May 1739.

48. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 6th June 1739.

49. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 21st June 1739.

30. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated z2d June 1739.

51. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 7th 1739.

52. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 28th August 1739.

53. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 4th 1739.

54. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 17th October 1739.

55. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 26th 1739.

56. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 12th November 1739.

57. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 15th November 1739.

58. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 20th November 1739.

39. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 23d November 1739.

60. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, elated 28th December i"39.

61.Copy of a Letter front Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 22d January 1739.

62. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 22d January 1739.

63. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 23d January 1739.

64. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 7th February 1739.

63. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 15th March 1739.

66. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 3d April 1740 5 inclosing Extract of a Letter from Mr. Jack/on.

67. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 5th April 1740.

68. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 10th April 1740.

69. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 18th^nf/ 1740.

70. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 7th May 1740; inclosing. Copy of Two Letters from Matter of a Mer-c hant Ship to his Owners.

71. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated nth May 1740.

72. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miraJ Haddock, dated 21st May 1740.

73. Copy o'f a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 3d June 1740.

74. Copy of: a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 10th July 1740.

75. Copy a f a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 14th July 1740.

76. Copy a f a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

mirai 1 Haddock, dated 17th July 1740.

77. Copy oj f a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miraJ Haddock, dated 8th August 1740; inclosing Ej :trad: of a Letter from Mr. Birtles, his Majesty’s Consul at Genoa, dated 3d August 1740.

78. Copy ol a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 18th August 1740* inclosin g

Tr anflation of a Memorial relating to a Catalan Pink seized near Marseilles.

79. Copy ol f a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-

mira I Haddock, dated 25th August 1740.

80. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-Vot. 4.

81.

82.

S3.

84.

miral liaddock, dated 26th August 1740; inclosing

Ext rad of a Letter from Lord to

Lord Harrington.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear- Admiral Haddock, dated 8 Ji September 1740; in-

closing

Copy of a Petition from the Owners and In-furers of the Eleanor Brigantine, and of Two Affidavits relating thereto.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-5 miral Haddock, dated 4th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-, miral Haddock, dated 17th December 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad-5 miral Haddock, dated 27th December 1740.

85. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 12th January 1740.

86. Copy of a Letter from Mr; Burchett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dat^k 14th January 1740; inclosing

Copy of a Representation of the Merchants trading to and from South Barbary.

87. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Reir-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 25 th March 1741.

88. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett tp Rear-Ad*

miral Haddock, dated 30th 1741.

89. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Ad* miral Haddock, dated 7th April 1741,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 7th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 28 th May 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated ill June 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 16th June 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 2 2d June 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 30th June 1741.

96. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated jd July 1741.

97. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated nth August 1741.

98. Copy of a- Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 18th August 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Ad -mira [ Haddock, dated 24th August 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 9th September 1741. xoi. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 10th September 1741.

102. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated J 2th 741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 6 th November 1741 j inclosing

Copy of an Order from their Excellencies the Lords Justices to the Lieutenant-Governor

of Gibraltar.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 14th November 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 20th November 1741; inclosing

Copy of One to him from the Honourable Captain Hamilton.

106. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 20th November 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 28th November 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated nth December 1741*

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 30th December 1741.

Q q no. Copy

90.

91*

92.

93

94-

95-

99.

100.

X03.

104.

105.

107.

108.

109

Corrffpon-dence of the Admiralty with M. Haddock* ka

Correspon-dtnce of thf

Admiralty with Mr.

Haddock#&c.

15°

no. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 31st December 1741. lit. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Admiral Haddock, dated 14th January 1741.

112. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Rear-Ad-

miral Haddock, dated 1 ft February 1741.

113. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated ift March 1738.

114. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 6th March; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command.

115. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admirat Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated id April 1738 j inclosing State of the Ship': under his Command; and a Copy of a Letter from him to Conde de Clavijo.

116. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 12th April 1739.

117. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 13th 1739; inclosing

Copy of a Letter to him from Consul Cayley; and Copy, of a Letter from Captain Am-brojt.

fi 8. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 25th May 1739; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command; and State of their Victualling.

119. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 2d June 1739.

120. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 16th June 1739; inclosing Extract of a Letter from Malaya.

I2t. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 25th June 1739; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command.

122. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 3d July 1739.

123. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 7th July 1739.

*124. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral to

Mr. Burchett, dated 24th July 1739; inclosing State of the Ships under Ins Command.

125. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 14th August 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command.

126. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 14th August 1739.

127. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 6th September 1739. ia8. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 14th September 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command.

129. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 26th September 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command.

130. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 4th October 1739.

131. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 25th October 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command; Dif-position of the Ships under his Command; and Copy of a Letter to him from Consul Hammond.

132. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 18th November 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command; Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Smith, of the Durjley Galley; Copy of a Letter from him to Lord George Graham; and Copy of a Survey.taken of the Berwick.

133- Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 8th December 1739.

1742.

134. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 13th January 1739; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command.

135. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 13th January 1739.

136. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 6th February 1739.

137. Copy of a L.ctter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 9th February 1739.

138. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 6th March 1739; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command, and State of the Victualling.

139. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 24th March 1739; *n" doling

State of the Ships under his Command; State of the Victualling; Copy of a Lett Or to him from Captain Brett, of the Grampus Sloop.

140. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 10th April 1740.

141. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 10th April 1740; inclosing Lift of the French Ships at Toulon.

142. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated lift April 1740; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command; and Disposition of the Ships under his Command in and about the Mediterranean.

143. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 7th 1740; inclosing Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships at Mahon, and thereabouts.

144. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 10th 1740.

145. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 30th June 1740; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command.

146. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 30th June 1740.

147. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr Burchett, dated 21st August 1740.

148. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 30th August 1740.

149. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 15th September 1740.

130. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr Burchett, dated 3d November 1740; in-

closing

State of the Ships under his Command; State of the Victualling; Copy of a Letter from him to Captain Smith, of the Durjley Galley; and Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Pocock, of the Aldborough.

151. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 6th November 1740; inclosing

Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Lee of the Pembroke; and Copy of a Letter to him from Captain kVatfon, of the Gvarland.

152. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 8th November 174c; with

Copy of a Certificate from Mr. Consul Stafford, in favour of Captain Lee.

153. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 12th November 1740.

154. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 25th December 1740; inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command.

155. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 13th January 1740; inclosing

Disposition of the Ships under his Command for the Service of the Island of &c.

i5«. Copy

26° Ma

15 Geo. II. 26* Martii. 151

Carrespond- *56. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to ence of the Mr. Burchett, dated 10th February 1740.

whhMr7 ,57* Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Haddock, See. Mr. Burchett, dated 20th February 1740* in-

doling

State of the Ships under his Command $ and Copy of Intelligence.

158. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated aoih February 1740; in* doling

State of the Ships under his Command; and State of the Victualling.

159. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 7th April 1741; inclosing Copy of a Letter to him frdm Captain Bradley, of the Grampus Sloop.

160. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to , Mr. Burchett, dated 10th April 1741.

161. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral to

Mr. Burchett, dated 24th April 1741.

162. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 3d May 1741.

163. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 7th May 1741.

164. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 30th May 1741; inclosing Copy of an Account from Captain Holcombe, of the Winchelsea, of his having destroyed a Barcolongo.

165. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 31st May 1741; inclosing State of the Snips under his Command; Copy of a Confutation held by Rear-Admiral Haddock with the Captains of the Ships under his Command} Extract of Intelligence.

166. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 7th June 1741.

167. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Burchett, dated 19th June 1741.

*68. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Burchett, dated 20th June 1741.

169. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 3d Augud 1741; inclosing State of the Ships under his Command; Copy of Letter to him from Captain Barnet, of his Majesty’s Ship the Dragon -, and Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley.

170. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 7th September 1741 inclosing

State of the Ships under his Command; Dif-position of the Ships under his Command j Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Villa Nova to Captain and Captain Watson's Answer thereto.

171. Copy of a Letter from Admiral to Mr.

Corbett, dated 3d 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Vanbrugh, oi t\\^ Chatham.

172. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated' 4th October 1741; inclosing l ift of SpanifhShips taken by way of Keprilal before the Declaration of War.

173. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 14th October 1741.

174. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 4th November 1741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter to him from Mr. Consul Birtles; Copy of a Letter from Mr. Birtles to the Commander in Chief of the Forces at Minorca; Copy of a Letter from Mr. Offarell to Mr.

175. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 8th November 1741.

176. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, da^ed 14th November 1741.

Vol. 24.

177. Copy of a Letter from Rear- Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 25th November 1741 } in- doling

State of the Ships under his Comthartd.

178. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to

Mr. Corbett, dated 9th December 1741* ' in*

doling

State of the Ships under his Command { and Copy of the Result of a Council of War.

179. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddotk to

Mr. Corbett, dated i$th Decembe.1741.

180. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral*to

Mr. Corbett, dated 26th December 1741» in* doling

State of the Ships under his Command; Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Cornwall, of the Bedford; Copy of a Letter to him from Captain Robinson, of the Essex; and Copy of a Letter to him from Captain of

the Salamander Bomb Vessel.

18 x. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Corbett, dated ill February 1741.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to Whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for AnglefeaV exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglesea, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Answer to Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which his Ma- Ad<hef». jesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful and loyal Address. Youf Unanimity on this Occasion will, 1 am persuaded, be attended with the happiest Consequences both at Home and Abroad. I reeonynend to you the laying aside all Heats and Divisions. I desire nothing more than to reign in the Hearts and Affections of all my People, which I look upon as the greatest Security to my Government, and their Liberties.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House War* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways'and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to sapply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into tile said Committee.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Member* House, do go with the Mace into the fwnmoned.

Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And lie went accordingly:

And he being returned;

The other Order of the Day, for the Members of this Commhteeof House to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of One- Enquiry on and-twenty Persons Names, to be the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Conduit of Robert Earl 4

of

Earl of Angldey’s

Will.

i , f

Kingtfon upon Hull Poor.

I52 26° — 2;

of Qrfurd, during the last Ten Year? of his being First Cotpnjissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, was read.

And the Order of Tuesday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Giaffcs, was read:;

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appeared, severally put th. Lifts, by them prepared, into the GJafies at the Table:

And the Names of such Members as did not then, appear, were taken down:

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glafies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which Tvyenty-one Persons the Majority falls.

.And a Committee was appointed of Lord Marquis of Harting ton, Lord Strange, Lord Donneraile, Mr. Fox, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lyjier, Sir Francis

JJafliwood, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Hunter, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Townshend, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. Br ere ton. Colonel Elliott, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Plumer, Sir Forbes, Mr. Stone, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Coke, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Southwell, Lord Manners, Mr.

Chetwynd, Sir John Turner, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Bjerkeky, Mr. Campbell, Sir Edward , Sir

John Chapman, Mr.. Wynne, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. J. Grenville, Mr- Phillips, Sir Miles Stapy/ton, Mr.

Mr. Whitmore, Brigadier St. Clair, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ord, Mr, Wilk Mr. Hayward, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bayntun Bolt, Colonel Douglas, Earl Fitzwilliams, Mr. Alderman

Lambert, Mr. Sloper, Mr, Tucker, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Hiffde Cotton, Mr. G. GrenviMr. Fere,. Mr. Tcrke, Mr. Smith, Earl of Granard, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Meliish, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Carew, Sir James Dfjhwood, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Doddington, Mr/ Pryfe, Lord Limerick, Si x Jacob Lord Perceval,

Mr. Brodie, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Erejkine, Sit Edmund Thomas, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Leveson Goivef, Mr.

Wynford, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cotton, Sir Curzon, Sir Robert Long,'Sit John Glynne, Mr. Buchanan, Lord An-

dover: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday. Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

1 Lunce, 2 90 d;

Anno i$# Georgii IP' Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of AugleJey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill jdo paf3.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do parry thy bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, withoubany Amendment.

A bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts,.o»c passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and House of Correc-. tign, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Ma-

0 Martii. Jl- 1742'*

jesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor of the said Town, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Philipfon, Captain Baker, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Sir Philip

Musgrave, Mr. Wentworth, Colonel Eliott, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Darner, Mr.

Carter, Sir Nathanael Curzcn, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Yurke,

Mr. Powlet, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. , Sir Thomas

Drury, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Carpenter, Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Plumer, Mr. CornMr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mr. ByJJie,

Mr. Phillips, Lord Strange, Mr. Godolphin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cornewall presented to the House, according to Led bar j Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to (he -several Places therein mentioned, and for making the faitj Ad more cifedual: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Sawyer: 1

Mr. Speaker, i

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Leigh establish and confirm Articles of Agreement relating to Tythes,&c, the Tythesand certain Glebe-Lands within the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Worcejl To which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hotufe: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lonj veiling the several CaftJes, Manors, Towns,. Lands, and Blundell’i Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in Ettat®, the County of Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for railing, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, his Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tin’s House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (

for veiling the several Castles, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for raising, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, his.Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Nicholas Fenwick reported from the Committee, Tuite’* to whom the Petition of John Tuite, of London, Gold- Water-smith, was referred, That the Committee had examined Engine*, the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioner called Mr. Elias Boreham: Who being examined, said. That the said John Tuite hath, by great Study, Labour, and Expence, completed a Water-Engine, which Hands upon the Dimentsions of Three Feet Squaro: That the Wrince thereof is fixed to an Axle-tree, which hath Six Coggs; and that answering or playing on another Wheel, consisting of Twenty-four Coggs, which has another Wheel on the same Axle-tree, which communicates Motion to the Chains that the Boxes are fixed to: Therefore, as the

First

Googh

tr /r

1‘3

LH

*2l

Trent

Navigation.

15 Geo. II.

29* Martii.

153

First Wheel, that contains Six Coggs playing on the in the Parish of South in the same County,

other, that contains Twenty-four; every Fourth time should pals into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will be

that the First Wheel goeth round, the other will go once, very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others: And

and carry with the Wheel that moves the Boxes, which therefore praying. That the Petitioners may have Leave containeth Ten Notches; so that every Twelfth time the to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, what they have to Wrince goeth found, it will draw up the whole Weight of offer against the Passing of the said Bill, at such time Water, and empty one Box, which containeth Twenty-thur as to the House shall seem meet.

Gallons and a Half of Water; and as it may be turned That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

round Ninety-six times in a Minute, it will empty 11,760 until the Bill for making the Branch, or Channel, of the

Gallons of Water in an- Hour; so that the said Engine River , navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream will be of more Use to the Publick, than any other at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Water-Engines yet invented or discovered have been. ting ham, to their joining again at a Place called the

Thomas Lynch, Smith, being examined, said. That Crankleys, in the same County, be read a Second time: be was employed by the said John Tuite in making the And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then Iron-work of thedaid Water-Engine, which he did by heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, his Diie&ion only; and although he hath wrought Iron

for many other Water-Engines, he never made any like The Lord Marquis of Harrington reported from the Committee that, which he believes to be the Invention of the said Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of "

John Tuite-, and that he has seen the said Water- Twenty-one Persons Names to be the Committee, ap-£> ford’* Engine worked; and that the feme will be of more Ule pointed to enquire into the Conduct of Robert Earl of Conduct, to the Publick, than any other Water-Engine yet dif- Orford, during the last Ten Years of his being First covered or invented. Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor and

Mr. William Chalmer and Mr. George Hindmarsh being Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and to examined, severally said, That the said Mr. John Tuite has report to the House, upon which a 1 Persons the Majo-been many Years, by great Study and Expence, invent- rity fell, That the Committee had examined the feme ing the said Water-Engine, before he could bring the accordingly; and had directed him to report the feme, same to Perfection, in order to answer the Purposes in- as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the tended thereby; and that, to their Knowledge, he has Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

----- the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is

expended the great eft Part of his Substance in projeding and completing so useful an Invention: And further added. That the said Water-Engine can be worked with great Ease, by the Labour of One Man.

And then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said John Tuite has invented an Engine for railing Water, different from any thing of that Sort heretofore used in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Engine may prove more useful for the Purposes in the Petition mentioned, than any other Engine now used in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for.veiling the sole Property of the said Engine in the said John Tuite, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such Term of Years, as to the House shall seem meet.

The First Resolution of the said Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Resolution be postponed.

The Second Resolution of the said Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Resolution be postponed.

as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, That the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Sir John St. Aubyn Baronet - - - 518

The Right Honourable Samuel Sandys Esquire 5 6 Sir John Rufhout Baronet - - - - 5.6

T he Honourable George Compton Esquire - 515

The Right Honourable Lord Quarendon - 5

Wm. Noel Esquire - - - 512

Sir John Barnard Knight - 268

The Right Honourable Lord Limerick - 266

Edward Hooper Esquire - - - - 265

The Right Honourable Lord Combury - 26®

Nicholas Fazakerley Esquire - - - 262

Hen. Fumefe Esquire - - - - 262

The Right Honourable Lord Granard - 259

Sir John Strange Knight, Solicitor-General - 259

Thomas Prowse Esquire - - - - 259

Edmund Waller Esquire - 259

William Bowles Esquire - - - - 259

William Pitt Esquire - 259

Cholmley Turner Esquire - - - 259

The Honourable Wm. Finch Esquire - 258

Sir Hen. Liddel Baronet - - - - 258

The Honourable John Talbot Esquire - 258

The Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esqune 258 And it happened, that, upon One of the Lifts, there

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for was mentioned Alexander Hume Compton; and a Question vetting, for a certain Time, in John Tuite, his Execu- arising thereupon. Whether it might mean any other tors, Administrators, and Adsigns, the sole Property of a Person besides the said Alexander Hume Campbell, there Water-Engine by him invented: And that Mr. Nicholas being no Person in the House of the Name of Alexander Fenwick, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Phillips, and Mr. Hume Compton? the Committee agreed to set a Query Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame* upon that Number, and ordered the Fad to be re-

ported to the House; and that the House should be A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are acquainted, that that Vote is included in the 258 Votes thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Tradesmen, that are now upon the Lift for the Honourable Alexander Land-owners, and Occupiers of Lands, in the several Hume Campbell Esquire:

Lord ships of Newark and Famdon, in the County of Not- And there being an Equality of Vot-s for the Ho-ringham, in behalf of themselves, and others, was pre- nourable Wm. Finch Esquire, Sir Henry Liddel Baronet, fented to the House, and read; representing to the the Honourable John Talbot Esquire, and the Honour-House, That the Bill now depending before this House, able Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire; for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent, The Journal of the House of the 12th Day of navigable, which runs between, and parts, the Lord- 1694, in relation to the Proceeding upon (he Repo f, ships of Averham and Famdon, in the County of Not- from the Committee, appointed to examine and pern tingham, and by the Town of Newark, in the same the lifts of the Names of Commissi ;ners for taking ai d County, from a Place called the Upper Wear, in the Pa- stating the publick Accounts; and to report ut<on wi.otn tish of Averham aforesaid, to a Place called the Crankleys, the Choice Coouwffion era fell, was read:

Vet. 24, R r And

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Ways and Means

Supply.

154 29* — 3 o° Martii. 1742.

And the Journal of the House of the 20th Day of Ordered, That the Lift of reduced Officers of his Afril 1711, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, intituled to receive upon the Report from the Committee, appointed to Half-Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the examine the Lists of Commissioners for examining into Charge thereof, for the Year 1742, be referred to the the Value of Lands, and other Interests granted by the said Committee.

Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688, and upon Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced what Consideration such Grants were made, in order to Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, who resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the died upon the Establishment of Half-Pay in Great-Bri-Publickj and to report to the House, upon which Seven tain, and who were married to them before the 25th the Majority fell, was also read. of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; thereof, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said

Mr. Speaker said. That it was the First time it had ever Committee.

come to him to determine any thing in the Chair by his Voice; and though he was under a Difficulty in this Cafe, and should not exercise any Right in it willingly; yet he had no Pain about giving his Voice openly; having ever disliked the Method of Ballot, except in Cafes of Necef-lity; the Openness of acting here, being, in his Opinion, one of the great Pillars of Security to the People, for a proper Behaviour of their Representatives: He said, he would never give up the Right of the Chair s yet he de-stred to be excused from declaring his Sentiments, as to the Point of Order in this Matter, and submitted himself to the Sense and Commands of the House.

Mr. Speaker being then desired to exercise the ancient Right of Speakers, in case of Equality of Voices, without putting a Question: And it being asserted, that upon the Report, in the same of Equality of Voices, the then Speaker desired to be excused from determining.

And it being the Sense of the House, That Mr. Speaker should now give his Determination;

Mr. Speaker gave his Voice for Sir Henry Liddel Baronet, and the Honourable John Talbot Esquire.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee of Secresy, appointed to enquire into the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford, during the last Ten Years of his being First Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to examine, in the most solemn manner, such Persons as they shall th;nk'proper to examine upon the Subject-Matter of their Enquiry.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settle-

ments on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1741; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

iffpT

d'Woc

1 :.t.:

; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742 j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Officers appointed for the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Staff-Officers, appointed to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition in America, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno 1741, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MartiSj

Anno 15* Georgii IP' Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom xtrkcildy the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, Harbour, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, Upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments.were once read throughout; and then a Secoed time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted b Cirenalta an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act:

for

i$ Geo. II. 30* Martii. 155

for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John’s Bridget in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Proby, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hen. Bathurst, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Turner, Lord Andover, Mr. Benjamin Bathurst, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Chetwynd, Sir James Grant, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Compton, Sir John Chapman, Mr Mr. Levinz,

Mr. Crowle> Mr. Coke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Packer, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Chester, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Mitchell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Bucks, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exportation A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants,

of Wool, of the Corporation of Weavers, Fullers, and Sheermen, within the City of Exon, and of the other principal Traders and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, in and near the said City, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the clandestine Running of Wool from England and Ireland to France: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

Trent A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, And prin-

Navigation. cipal Inhabitants of the Town of Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, and Towns adjacent, namely, Rojby,

chester. Subbrook, Willowby, manton, Friston, and Caythorp, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That - the said Towns vend great Quantities of Corn and Wool at Newark, which are chiefly carried up and down the Trent, and likewise have various Sorts of Merchandize brought up and down the said River: And that the Bill.depending in Parliament, for making the Branch or Channel of the River Trent, running under the Cattle and Town of Newark, navigable, from the Place commonly called the Upper Wear, in the Parish of Aver-ham, in the County of Nottingham, to.a Place called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkam, in the same County, will be a great Bienefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill.for making the Branch or Channel of the River Trent, navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to their Joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County, be read a Second time.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from

P the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven ihousend six hundred and Eleven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining, the Charge of several Officers, appointed by his Majesty, to go with the Forces on the Expedition under the Command of Major-General Wfor the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred Seyenty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty,'for maintaining the Charge of the Sta^f-Officers Voi.*4.

appointed by his Majesty, to attend the Hospital efta- Supply, blished for the Service of the Expedition, under the Command of Major-General Wentworth, for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand and Eight Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several Extraordinary Expences and Services, incurred Anno 1741, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six-Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land-Forces and Marines, for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand One hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-Pay in Great and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1742. .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking-:

Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, for Half a Year’s Interest due on or before the 5th Day of November 1741, on the principal Sum of One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, lent on Credit of the Salt-Duty, towards the Supply for the Year 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seventhousend Eight hundred Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and Two-pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines, made from or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand and Eighteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and WJlminfer, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British.Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African.Company of on the Coast

of Africa.

1 The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Tyner reported from the Committee, to whom the? Importation

Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are there- °* Spanish unto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee Win*, had examined the Matter.of: the said Petition, :and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he.read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the feme was read j and i? as follows, viz.

In Support of the Allegations in the:feid Petitioncon-taioed, T; !

The Journal of the House,- of the 18th Day of December 1739,! was read; whereby (it appeared, that an Order was made for Leave to bring In a Bill for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, which was brought into the-House, and read a FirttancKSecond time, and committed to a Committee of the.wirole House; who went through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which werp reported to the House ;. and > the Bill, with the Ampndjiients, ordered to be ingrafted: That, on the 5th Day ojf February 1739, the ingrossed Bill was read

156

30° Martii.

A, 17421

11

!' I

Importattar the Third Time, and parted, and intituled, An Act for of Spanish prohibiting Commerce with Spain ’, which was to cotn-Wine*. nnence the 24th Day of June 1740, and sent up to the House of Lords.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners informed the Committee, That the Merchants did apprehend they

to desist shipping all Wines in general, which Order was confirmed by several Copy-Books of Letters, and Orders of several Persons interested in such Wines; which werer also produced, to shew, that he had their Orders for so doing.

__________ __ _ And he also said. That the Reason of his lending those

might, with Safety, order any Merchandize from thence. Orders, was, because the Lords had, on the 26th of Fc~ that could be brought into this Kingdom before the said bruary, altered the Commencement of the Act from the *4th Day of June. 24th Day of June, to the ift Day of May, by which time

And to prove Orders were lent to Spain, to purchase it was impossible to bring Home their Effects from Spain, several Parcels of Wine; That, by the Journal of this House, it appeared, the

Mr. Christopher Roberts was called: Who, being exa- Amendments made by the Lords, were taken into Con-mined, said. That he is Agent for different Houses in lideration the 25th Day of March 1740, when some Spain; and that the Persons who have ligned this Petition, Amendments were made to the Lords Amendments, and have carried on Trade with One of the Houses for several returned back, and several Conferences were had there-Years; and produced to the Committee a Book, in which upon, between both Houses; and on the 34th of April is entered Copies of all Letters and Orders, sent by him 1740, the Lords sent a Message to this House, that they to one of the said Houses; by which it appeared, that did not inlilt on their Amendment for leaving out the Orders had been sent for several large Quantities of Wine, Word "June? and inferring "May? for the Petitioners, of different Vintages; which Orders Then the Agent acquainted the Committee, That as were forwarded in the Months of August and February it was rendered uncertain what Day would be agreed I7d7» September, October, November, January, and March upon for the Commencement of the Act, until the 24th 1738, April, June, July, September, December, January, Day of April, when the rft Day of June was fixed by

and not any after the 14th of February 1739, O. S. both Houses, it was then too late to give Orders for the That by several of the Petitioner’s Copy-Books of importing the said Wines into this Kingdom, by the Letters and Orders, which were also produced, the fore- First Day of June; and called,

going Orders, sent by Mr. Roberts, were confirmed. Francis Mannock Esquire: Who, being examined, laid.

Your Committee observe, that several of those Orders That the rime limited by the Bill for importing Goods were given long before the Declaration of War with of the Growth of Spain, being, on the 24th Day of Spain, others after, and before a Bill was brought in for fixed for the ift of June 1740, it was impossible to bring prohibiting Commerce with Spain; and the rest were those Wines home by the fakl First of given whilst the Bill was pending, and before the 14th That, by Letters produced, dated the 4th of August Day of February 1739: That such Orders as were given 1739, loth and 24th of May, the 21st June, and 23d between the Time that the Bill was ordered, and the 14th of 1740, N. S. from Spain, it appeared, that the

of February, were by those Merchants who live and trade Wines which had been shipped, being 616 Tons, were

at great pittances from London. re-landed; and that there then remained in Warehouse, at

That in consequence of those Orders, certain large their Disposition, and for their Account and Risque, the Parcels or Quantities of Wines were bought for the Quantity as mentioned in the Petition; viz.

Petitioners’Accounts; to prove which, several Letters,

sent from their Correspondents in Spain, dated October *737> January, Qfiober, November, December, 1738,

N. S. January, May, June, July, , September, and

December, *739* January, February, , and

1740, N. S. were produced, whereby it appeared, that they had received Orders for several Quantities of Wines, af sundry Vintages, which they had purchased for the Petitioners, and were in Warehouses, at their Disposition, some of which they should forward by the first Conveyance.

That by several Letters, also produced, sent from Spain, dated nth of February, ift, 15th, 29th of March, and1

5th of April 1740, N.S. to their several Correspondents in England, it appeared. That they had actually shipped, pursuant to their Orders, great Part of the Wines, and should forward the Remainder by the first Opportunity.

Your Committee further observe, That, by the several Letters, it appeared. Bills of Exchange were drawn by them on the respective Merchants, to the Amount of the prime Cost and Charges, fete, for such Wines; which Bills were produced, and proved to have been paid.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to the Committee, an authentic Copy from the Lords Journal, of the 26th of February 1739; as likewise a Copy from the Committee-Bode of the said House; of the Proceedings thereon, to shew, that the said Bill was under the Consideration of a Committee of the House of Lords, on the t6th Day of February 1739, when the Time of the Commencement thereof was then altered, from the 24th of June, to the ift Day of May; upon which, Orders were sent by next Post to Hop die further Shipping of their Wines.

And, to prove that such Orders were sent,

Mr. Christopher Roberts produced his Book, in which, Copies of all Letters and Orders are entered, which are sent by him to his Correspondents in Spain, by which it appeared, That, on the 28th Day of February 1759,0. S

Nut hall, Fydell, and Mitchell Sir George Champion -William Cleaver -Josiah Chitty -Henry Fanderjlegen - -

George Stainforth - -

William Met hold -

William Scullard -

Robert Scott -

Peter Cor to -

Philip Baker -

James Langston -

Thomas Majhiter -

Henry Southwell -

Richard Majters -

Gabriel Ayres -

Thomas Allen -

John Gaunt let t -

James le Merchant -

Robert Rarnston - - , - -

Cuthbert Redjhaw -

Henry Hejketh - -

John Noble -

George Hogg -

Lambert Ludlow -

Edward Barnard f Tniftees of the Estatel Obadiah Jones \ and Effects of Joseph > -John Ddwfon (_ Walcott - -J Corjley Rogers -Robert Henning -Ann James -Coates and Cromwell - -

James Deacon -

Thom a Jsacob -

Tons.

100

171!

120

7 Si

162

5°

4 Si

*7

20

5°

10

5°

14

*3

18

11

10

25

10

2

17i

10

20|

121

*5

- 45

- *5

' *5

- 53

: rt

he sent a general Order to lun Correspondents in Spain, which they «e Agpnt*.

*4

Mr. James Tierney and Mr. Gobert Sikes feveTally laid, That Mr. Fanderjlegen trades to the Houses in Spain, for

That

15 Geo. II. 30*

That by several Letters, dated the »Jd of August 1740, N. S. from Spain, their Correspondents in England were informed, That, after infinite Fatigue and Vexation, they had at last obtained their End, without Precedent, having received an Order from the King, and Council of Finances, directing the Administrators of the Rents to return them the Duties for the Wines re-landed, on which they were then putting the finishing Stroke.

Mr. Roberts said. That, on re-landing the Wines which had been shipped,a strict Enquiry was made to find out if they were English Property, and if great Care had not been taken, they would have been confiscated: That the Wines so re-landed, remained as a Deposit for the Duties, and was any Loss to happen to the said Wines, others tnuft be exported, to the Amount of the Duties so returned.

Francis Mannock Esquire, who lately lived in Spain, said. That these Wines are in danger of being seized, if they remain in Spain (supposing the y were not Property!, by an Order of the King of Spain, for the Use of his Fleet, in its present Emergency; and, if so, an Order is given on the Treasury for Payment, which might never be complied with: But thele Wines were aho liable to be (eized by an Information, and the Informer never known, who has f or -f for his Share, and that a strict Enquiry was made at the House where thele Wines were, to find if they were English Property.

He was asked, if any Security was given on re-Janding these W ines for the King’s Duties

He laid, That those Duties being repaid back, on re- landing, is very extraordinary, as it was in this Cafe; but he has ieen an authentick Instrument, in which it is mentioned. That all the Wines re-landed were to remain as a Security for the Duties, which could not be alienated or expended in the Country.

He was asked. Whether the Merchants who sent those Orders, could be ignorant of the Danger and Hazards of them, after the Bill was passed

He said. They must be ignorant of great Part of the Danger, upon Account that the Obstructions to their Orders were pollerior to such Orders, which if the 24th Day of June had not been altered, probably they would have run no Rilque in getting Home their Wines by the Time first limited.

To prove that Orders have been lent to Spain, to ship these Wines for neutral Ports; and that the King of Spain, or his Subjects, cannot now receive any Benefit by the Importation thereof into this Kingdom;

Mr. Christopher Roberts said. That he did, some time

ago, fend a general Order to One of the Houses in Spain (for which he is an Agent), at the Delire of several of the Merchants before particularly mentioned, to ship, by the first Opportunity, all their Wines, for some neutral Ports; and he believes it is too late to countermand the said Order; and therefore no further Benefit can accrue to the King of Spaifrom the Importation thereof into neutral Ports.

Mr. James Tierney said, That lie had sent an Order to the House, for which he is Agent, to ship such Part of the petitioner’s Wines as remained at that House, for neutral Ports; and it is too late to countermand such Order,

And it also appeared by the Copy-Books of Letters of several Merchants, that they had likewise lent Orders to have their Wines shipped for neutral Ports; and it is too late to countermand such Orders:

That, pursuant to those Orders, it appeared by Letters from Spain, dated in May, Novand December 1741, some of the Merchants received Advice, that their Wines were shipped for Hamburgh and Rotterdam, as per Invoice and Bills of Lading inclosed, which were produced;

That it further appeared by Letters, dated from Rotterdam and Hamburgh, in August and 1741, to

some of these Merchants, advising them, that their Wines should lie till they received further Orders.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners proceeded to shew, the Loss that will accrue to the several Petitioners before-

Vo t. 24.

Martti. 157

mentioned, if these Wines are not allowed to be imported; and called

Mr. Christopher Roberts: Who said» That there were no Markets for these Wines in Spain; and that the annual Loss to the Petitioners of keeping them there, s about 24 s.per Ton; which, upon 1,386 Tons, will be £.1,663. 4'-

Mr. John Furly: Who being examined, laid, That 10 February last, at a publick Sale in Holland, Spanijk Wines of One Year old, and mellow, were fold from 21 to 23 Pounds Flemish per Butt, which, reduced into English Money, is £. 5. 8. 4. per Butt; but believes they would not now fell for so much, the Consumption of Spanijk Wines being very inconsiderable in Holland, and old dry Wines are not maiketable there; and as there have been larger Quantities of Spanish Wines than usual lately sent to Holland, the Price of Wines in course will be reduced; and has heard there are large Quantities of Wines now going to Holland.

Mr. Roberts said. He had made a £. t. d. Calculation what these Wines willcoft the Merchants per Butt, when in Holland, which, at the lowest Computation, will amount to £.11. 18 s.2 dper Butt, which, for 2.772 Butts, being 1,386 Tons, the Quantity mentioned in the Petition, will amount to - - - - -33,009 18 -r-

That the Petitioners’ Wines are all old dry Wines; and if the same could be fold, in Holland, at the Price Mr. Furly mentioned that new mellow Wines were sold at, the same would amount only to - 1 j,oi 5 — —

Which deducted from £. 33,009. i8j. there will be a Loss to the Merchants, of 17,994 18 —

Besides the Loss to the Revenue of£.n. per Butt, which will amount to - - 30,492 — —

So that the Loss to the Merchants, and to the Revenue, will be - - -48,486 |8 —

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Mefficurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines: And that Mr. Tyner, Mr. Whichcot, the Lord Dupplin, and Colonel

Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holjord and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and making more elFeftual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and for building a Bridge at Padbury, and making it a County Bridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Brmjgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and

from the said Town of Brmjgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wa lb far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling William Morden Esquire, and his Hein Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, pursuant to the Delire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefiengeb withdrew.

S f A Bill

fmportatim of 4pani<i WIm.

Wtndoveiy Sec. RoaJt.

Brotiifgrvve

Road*.

Morden'k

Name.

36® Maftii.

A. 1742.

Ekftioi

La*.

r‘A Mto etplam and amend the Laws touching the D , Ibrd Barrington, Sir Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Par- John Lord Harting ton, Mr. Compton. Sir

fianient, and to teftram the Partiality, and regulatte the Charles Mr. Mr. Qrd. Lord Dun-

Conduct, of Returning-O'fficers at such Elections, was cMr. , Mr. Strode, Sir Charles Cub;our, Mr. Vead a Second time. Murray, Mr. Bligh, Sir Robert Mr. Yorke, Mr.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Heath cote. Sir Jo/.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to 4Committee Mr. Cocks, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Crow/e, Mr. Gren-of the whole House. ville, Mr. Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. , Mr.

' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Mostyn, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Hooper, Sir Walter B *gott,‘ Mr.

_!* »*-(v.ic ~ Ooititnittcc of the whole i?p r^cir T-Jmsi ^nee*.* \t*

night, refolye itself into a House, upon the said Bill.

foie’s, &c. Estate.

Mr. Carewpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dorset, for Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Usage of the Country, during the Irt-

i’arish.

Exportation oi Wool.

Boone, Mr. Gower, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Pryce, Mr. , Mr. Thur/by, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Coke, Sir Francis Mr. > Lord Gage, Sir John

Glynn, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr? Alderman , Mr.

Savilfe, Mr: Mr. Jo. Martin, Mx. Mcntague, Mr.

Owen, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Jenyns; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

cester, Hereford, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to fancy of Sir John Pole, his only Son, and for laying oat meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s (he "Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands of Chamber.

Inheritance in the said Counties, to be settled, when

purchased, to the same TJfes as thfe Premises devised by A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub- St°w«rlx% his said Will, now Hand limited: And the fame, was re- feribed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town ceived; and read the First time. of Stowerbridge, and Parish of Oldfwinford, in the County

Resolved, That flje Bill be read a Second time. of Wowas presented to the House,. and read;

setting forth, That the said Parish of Oldfwinford -is ’a A Petition of Thomas Cowper, of London, Gentleman* large populous Parish, and that the Glebe, Tythes, Sur-was presented to the House, and read-, setting forth, plice Fees, Offerings, and Profits to the Reftbr of That, pursuant to an Add rets of this House, ,on the 5th the said Parish, amount to Two hundred and Fifty of March 1740,.to direct the Commissioners of Trade Pdunds z Year* or upwards-, and that the Town of and Plantations, during the Recess of Parliament, to Stowerbridge-'^ itv the Grid Parish, and Haif a. Mile or -prepare a Scheme for registering the Wool of Great Britain "more distanffrom the Parish Church: And that the Ham-and Ireland, to belaid before the House this present Sef- lef of Amblecoat, in the County of Stafford, is in the said . fion, the said Petitioner (agreeable to several Publications Parish, and the most distant from the Parish Church, and made by the said Commissioners, to desire such who had near the new Church of Stnverbridge; and that the Tythes,

.any thing to offer on that Account, to bring in their EojlerOfferings, and Surplice Fees, arising to the Rector, Schemes) did give in One accordingly, which he has since within* the Town of Stowerbridge, amount (as near a« the published, under the Title of a short Essay on Trade in Petitioners can compute), communibus Annis, to Foity general, but more enlarged on that Branch relating to Pounds a Year, and the Tythes-of Amble coat to about Forty the Manufactories of Great Britain and Ireland', wherein Pounds a Year: That there are Two Churchwardens for the erroneous Calculations of Messieurs Webber, London, the whole Parish, One Constable for the Town of Slower-and the Draper, are detected and alfoaMethod proposed bridge, and that Part of the Parish, which is in the County to prevent the owling unmanufactured Wool, by a pub- of -, and a distinct Constable for the Hamlet of

lie Registryj at such Expenc^.that the Crown might not Amin the County of Stafford -, and there are Two suffer, nor the Growers of Wool be oppressed, which Overseers of the Poor for the Town of Stowerbridge, a the Petitioner hopes he has effectually done: That the separate Overseer for the Hamlet of Amblecoat, and Two Petitioner finds, by the Votes of this House of the 23d different Overseers of the Poor for the rest of the Parish instant, Mr. Webber has Leave to be heard on the Matter of Oldfwinford: That one John Biggs, a Clothier, in of his Scheme, on Wednesday next: and therefore praying, Stowerbridge, by his Will, dated the 23d Day of March That the House will be pleased to grant him Leave to be 1726, gave Three hundred Pounds to the Governors of heard at the same time. the Free-School at Stowerbridge, towards building a

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Church or Chapel in Stowerbridge, so as the same Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to should be begun within Three Years next after his whom it-is referred to consider of the Petition of the

Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the

Death and that the Inhabitants of Stowerbridge, in order to secure the said Three hundred Pounds in time, fub-Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose feribed, according to their Ability, considerable Sums of Names are thereunto subscribed and that the Petitioner, Money towards building a Church or Chapel, and with

if he thinks fit, be heard before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of his said Petition;

Part of the Money, so lubfctibed, purchased a Piece of Land to build upon, and the Land was conveyed to Si v Trustees, and their Heirs, to the Die of the Inhabitants of the Town of Stowerbridge-, and the Rest or or Patron

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for making the Town of Stowerbridge, in the have not any Right whatsoever in the said Land -, -the t0pari(h. County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of Building was begun within the Three Years, and the

1 1 ~ 1 " . t» Three hundred Pounds, and Subscriptions of the Inhabitants, and the Money collected by a Brief, have been laid out, and the Inhabitants asked Money of the Nobility, Clergy, and Gentry, of the neighbouring Places, and have laid out in the Building near Two thousand Pounds, but the Steeple is not finished, or the Building confecvated: That the Rector of the Parish claimed this as a Chapel of

Oldfwinford, in the said County , and for making a Pro Vision lov the Minister of the said new Parish, and for settling the Right of Presentationto the Church thereof-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mt. Fox, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Bramston, Mr. P ley dell, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Pytt, Lord Dupplin. Mr.

Wodehouse, Mr. Carew, Mr. Winford, Mr. Foley senior, Rafe, being within his Parish; and as such, did nominate a

m f f % K 1 I TL M m am Tf a . t aaA A xa m /A ®l 4 A 1 1 Jl fT 4* I'M" A cm 1

Mr. Hopton, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Strange, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Watkin Wms. Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Master, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. lon, Mr. Richard Grenville, Hit. Secretary at War, Mr.

Curate, and procured the Bishop’s Licence to preach therein, but refused toallowany thlngfor his Maintenance -, and the Inhabitants and O ccupiers of the S eats have hither-to been obliged to maintain the Curate, and the Clerk or Sexton, at their own Expence: That, by the Bill brought into this House, the Inhabitants of Amblecoat are ex«

eluded

Tffnt

Navigation.

15 Geo. II. 30° — 310 Marin. ^59.

eluded from the new Church, and the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of and Parish of

Oldfwinford will be much burthened and prejudiced, in case the same should pass into a Law: That the Petitioners, whole Hands are subscribed to the former Petition, and also to this Petition, beg Leave to represent to this House, That they were surprised into the former Petition; being handed to them to be signed, without any publick Notice, and before they had;time to coiifider it: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill brought into this House; and that in case this House shall think fit to make the Town of bridge a new Parish, and vest die Patronage in the Right Honourable the Lord Foley, and his Heirs (as there will be the same Patron, and the Rectpr of the old Parish will beeased of his Duty in the new Parish), the Tythes,£<?/?er Offerings, and Surplice-Fees, arising within the Town, and the new Parish, niay+je paid to the Minister of the new Church; and that the Panlhioners of the new Parish may have their Seats free; and that the Hamlet of Amble coat, being the moll distant Hamlet from the Parish Church of Oldfwinford, and near the Church of

bridge, may be Part of the new Parish: That the Inhabitants of the new Parish may pay only to the Repair of the new Church, and not pay any Levies or Tythes to Oldfwinford: That Provision may be made for finishing the Steeple, and consecrating the new Church: That in cale the Patrpn and Rector shall not consent to appropriate the Tythes of the new Parish, the new Chapel may be a free Chapel, and the Presentation be veiled in such and so many of the Inhabitants of; and that the Minister and Clerk be maintained by setting the Seats, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident i<;n of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Town of Slowerbridge, in the County of a

separate Parish from the Parish of in the said

County; and for making a Provision for th" Minister of the said new Parish; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof; is committed: And that ♦he Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31° Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii 11"* Regis, 1742. Praters.

A PETITION of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, within the Town and University of Cambridge, of King Henry the Eighth’s Foundation, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are possessed of the Manor and Township of in the County of Nottingham; the Lands of which Manor and Township are contiguous to that Part of the River Trent, where the new. Navigation is intended to be made by the Bill now depending in Parliament, for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to their joining again at a Place called the Crank leys, in the same County: And representing to the House, That if the several Powers and Clauses comprised in the said Bill should pass into a Law, in the Terms wherein the same are now conceived, the Lands belonging to the said College, which lie within the said Manor and Township, will thereby be very much damaged, and the Occupiers thereof greatly injured: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Leave VoL. 24.

to be heard against the said Bill, before if passes into a.

Law, in such manney as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ' until the said Bill be read a Second time.'

A Petition of alf, or most, of the substantial Inhabi- Trent tants and Landholders within the Manor ant| Lordship'bf Navigation. S/athorpe, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That in case the Bill now-depending in Parliament, for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place called the 'Upper in

the County of Nottingham, to their joining again at a Place callea the Crankleys, in the same County, should pals, with the several Powers therein mentioned, as now’ offered to Parliament, there is great Jleafon to apprehend the same will be attended with the most mischievous and fatal Consequences to the Petitioners, who are all of them Inhabitants and Landholders within the same Manor and Lordship of Stathwpe; which Lordffrip is contiguous to that Part of the River, where fife new Navigation is made, by reason that all the Meadow-Grounds belonging to the said Lordship, which border upon the said River, and which are very rich, and of large Extent, would, by means thereof, be made liable to frequent Inundations:

And therefore praying, That the House yill give the ’

Petitioners an Opportunity of being heard against the said Bill, before the same be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, uatil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Andover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ^rit’ Eeding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Souihamp-ton, in the room of John Pollen Esquire, 'wh y, firice his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, and of the Town and County of Haveford West, and of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, within the Principality of Wales.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom Yorke’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Marriage the more effectually carrying, into Execution certain Ar- Article*, tic es of Agreement made before, and in consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, with the most Honourable Jemima Marchioncfs Grey, anti for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the IJoule; and he read the Report in his Place,; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press ic. L. 15. After " defetibed," insert and also " of and in all and Angular other the'Manorsor Lordships, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tencments. Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever,

" whereof, or wherein, he the said Henry Duke of Kent,

" or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, then had " any Estate of Freehold or Inheritance in Possession,

" Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy."

The said Amendment being read a Second tjme, wa«, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by die House.

Mr. Alderman Hfathcote reported from the Commit- g., Catherine tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act passed Coleman in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in- Church, tituled, An Act to enable the Parishiqners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-strein the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, and for

i6o

31* Martii. — 1* Jprilis.

A. 1742

for making the Cud Act more effectual for the Purposes House, to consider further of Ways and thereby intended, was committed. That the Committee raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

the Committee had

Means for

lame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment! thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to explain a Clause in the Act, recited in the Bill, by enacting.

That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to charge any Funeral Rate for any Person dying in the Parish, and not buried in the Church or Church-yard of the said Parish:

And the said Clause being twice read, and amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Office* and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Employment* in<jenjmfy Persons who have omitted to qualify them- Pa"*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i* die Aprilis;

Anno 15* Georgii II<1 Regis, 17+2. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the*Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made before, and in consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Torke Esquire, with the most Honourable Jemima Marchionels Grey, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

Yorlce’s

Mtrriaje

Articles.

A

*.k

War.

liiia

Mtmbert

summoned.

selves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that PuTpose: And that Mr. Carevo and Mr. Philips do prepare, and bring in, the fame. K

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into , the

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to lhc Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Leigh*

__________ __________ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Court of ifequests, and the Places adjacent, and sum- to establish and confirm Articles of Agreement relating T>ttlc»*kc' mon the Members there, to attend the Service of the to the Tythes and certain Glebe-Lands, within the Pa-House. rish of in the County of , was read the

And he went accordingly: First time.

And he being returned; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the V7Mr Presented to the House, according to Order,

J Jt a Bill to impower Messieurs Fydell, and Mitchell, of

First, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

and certain other Merchants, to import from neutral Ports a certain Quantity of Wines: And the fame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

__________ A Petition of several Persons of the Town of

That Leave be given To Wing in a^itt to rew Jim Act fnd olbeTS’in the of Derby, concerned in fending

made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty lar6c Quantities of Cheese, and other Goods, down the King George the First, intituled, An Act for enlarging Rwerr Tren!> and UP the fame’ was Panted to the the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by "°ute* and read> "preventing to the House, That the an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Blil spending in this House, to make the Branch ot William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for thefre- £e RlveF \rent nav'Sable. wh»ch runs by the Castle and

« a - I ttr AT \/ mm ih I I Am A W U aIrAi a ma m ba ma W mm A

Trent

Navigation.

'i

Exportation of Wool.

Town of Newark, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, if passed into a Law, greatly damage the Navigation of the said River, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners: And -v therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their S 184. Counsel, against the said Bill.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

S 204. until the Bill for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable, from the Dividing of the Stream

at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to then joining again at a Place called the RAotod^TtetM*House1^Tomorrow Mom- lT> inLl« County, be read a Second time: And

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tbaF the Be'lJl0nC1?* RiCn beard*

to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal their Dounfel, aSalnR said Bui.

quest Meeting and Calling of Parliaments; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for the

0 it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Supply Bill; bud-Tax.

A Petition of the Graziers, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the several Villages of Brant, , Beckingham,

Sutton, Fenton, in the County of Lincoln, and of Codding-

R'Uvtd, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- " tto County of war gefiytodto the

ing irxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hufc. and read, nrpresentrog to the House, TW tl« House, upon the Bill so. granting an Aid to his Majest, M To*ns ab0""d " Com 11,4 Wo°' > "d ,hat the by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service off the Year 17 41.

Dr

Ways mi Meant.

Town of Newark is the principal Market for vending the fame; the greatest Part of which goes either up or down the River Trent; and that Coal is brought in lieu of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- fame; and that the Bill depending in Parliament, for ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent,

running

i5 Geo. II.

running under the Castle and Town of Newark, navigable from the Place commonly called the Upper Wear, k in the Parish of Aver ham, in the County of Nottingham,

to a Place called the Crankleys, in the Parish of South Mujkam, in the same County, will be a great Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the Branch, or Channel, of the River Trent navigable from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to their joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County, be read a Second time.

Protection of The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House,

Turing according to Order, a Bill for the better Protecting and h u‘ Securing of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in Times of War: And the same was received, and read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Tyburn and Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

C' ° *' and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the lioad leading from Brent Bridge over HanwellHeath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, Nezu Brentford, and Ealing, to the great '* Western Road, in the said County, was committed. That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placet and alter-wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read 1 throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and,

upon the Question several. y put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro fled.

Stump A Bill for continuing the Powers granted by Three Crcft Roads. Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Stump-Crjto Heath, and the

Town of Cambridge -, another passed in the Eleventh Year

of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fou/mire to Cambridge-, and the Third passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenyns, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fox, Mr. Downing, Mr. Martin, Mr. James Martin, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Grant, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Legge, Mr. Care w, Mr. Torke, Mr. Kent, Sir Hinde Cotton, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr Gybbon, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Walker, Mr. Dr ax. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Doddington, Mr. Charles Gore. Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Levinz, Lord Limerick, Lord Gage, Mr.

Vere, Lord Quarrendon, Lord Perceval, Lord Har-tingdon. Colonel Elliot, Mr. Strode, Sir Bagott,

Sir John Glynn, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fernon, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pludworth, Mr. Wright, Mr. Smith; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cambridge,

Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 24.

l6l

Mr. Fenwick presented to the House, according to Or- Tuite's der, a Bill for veiling, for a certain Term, in John Tuite, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Pro- °s'ne’ perty of a Water-Engine by him invented: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Message from House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this 1 e , D*’ House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House: And the Message was read by Mr.

Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

.GEORGE R.

It is always with the utmost Reluctance, that his Ma- , jesty alks any extraordinary Supplies of his People; but as hisfaithful Commons have, with the great eft Zealand Unanimity, exp re fled their Concern for the Support of the House of Aujiria, and for restoring the Balance of Power in Europe;and as the Jate Events, in favour of the Queen of Hungary, afford a reasonable Prospect of Suc-eels; his Majesty makes no doubt, but this House will, at this time, readily grant him such a Supply as may enable him to concert proper Measures, and form such Alliances with other Powers, as may be nee elfary for attaining those desirable Ends, which they have in so particular a Manner recommended to him.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s said Supply,

most gracious Message be referred to 1 lie Confederation of r he Committee of the whole House, to whom it'is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ot consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, oi the Town of in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed j

Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in pursuance of the Address of this House to his Majesty, of the 5th o 1740, to di-

red the said Commissioners, during the Recess of Parliament, to prepare a Scheme for the regillering the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported from England, from Christmas 1715, to Chrfflmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, and how much from London, and how much from the Out- ports, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That the Committee had heard Mr. Webber and Mr. Cow per. according to the Prayer of their several Petitions; and had made some Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Henry Baxter do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hatting* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parlia-

T t ment

1 ° Aprilis.

i6a

i° — 2° A.

A\ 1742.

Kirkcaldy

Two-penics

Scots.

Merchants and Tradesmen, in the neighbouring Towns, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Bill now depending in this House, for making the Branch of the River navigable from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place commonly called And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Upper Wear, in the County of to their

ment for the Port of Haflingsin the County of , in

the room of Andrew Stone Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of Secretary of the Island of Barbadoes.

I f 'if*

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

joining again at a Place called the in the fame

County, if passed into a Law in the Shape it now appears, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, and are informed, be greatly prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of the said River, and, in consequence, will affect the Trade and Navigation of the said Town of Kingston upon Hit//, and Parts adjacent; great Quantities of Lead, Cheese, Butter, Wool, Iron Manufactures, Com, and other Commodities, the Produce of the Counties of,

Sro/j^ or One Sixth-part of aPeny Sterling, upon Notting, Derby, , Stafford, and

Veneris, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno ij* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

AYERS.

PR

N ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies

every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth-part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint

far-

being now conveyed by the said River, and the River Humber, to the Port of Hull, and from thence to London, and many other Places: And further representing, That the first pretended Design of the Solicitors of this Bill, and which induced some Merchants of the said Town to sign a Petition to this House, was to turn the Navigation said River from its present Course, by

of the

of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought wholly into the Newark Channel; which hath been very into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and lately laid aside, and another Scheme formed, without Liberties thereof. giving Notice thereof to great Numbers of Persons deeply

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the interested in the Trade and Navigation thereof, the said

Ledbury

Ron's.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hayward, Mr. John Martin, Mr.

Rivers of Trent and Humber: And therefore praying. That the House will not pass the said Bill into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -wall. Sir John Barnard, Mr. , Mr. Fox, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Jeremy Davers, Mr. Harris, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Infolrtnt

Debtors.

t let on, Mr. Han. Williams, Mr. Danbury, Mr. Mountagu, Hmtgerford, Mr. Yorkt, Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Lord‘ Strange, Mr. Owen, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr.

Compton, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. , Sir Charles Wyndkam, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Rudge, Sir Edmd. Thomas, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Ord, Mr. Turner, Mr. Danvers, Mr. linfon Earle, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr.

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. , Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Ptlham, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Mr. Phil-

lips, Mr. Archer, Lord Strange, Sir Miles Stapylton,

Sir Francis , Mr. Crooule, Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Murray, Lord Perceval, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. W Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Owen, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Compton, Liddel, Mr. Charles Selwyn, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Mr. Wat fan, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Curzon, Lord Sid. Beau-Geo. Grenville, Mr. Crowlt, Mr Carter, Mr . Ofbaldejion, clMr. Cotton, Mr. Mr. Proby, Mr. Leveson

Mr. Fane, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Revell, Sir G, Mr. Master, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charles Gilmour, Mr. Murray, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Grove, Sir Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Williams,

Jeffries, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Mr Lord Gage, Mr. Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Penton, Mr. Nugent, Sir Jof. Pennington, Lord Darting- Nugent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Powney, Mr. Pleydell, Lord ton, Mr. Coke, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Winford, Mr. Foley Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Boone, Lord Limerick, Lord junior, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Grey, Sir John Hind; and all the Merchants of the House; and all

Cotton, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cotton, Sir John the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Chester, Mr. Packer, Mr. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cholmondeley, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Rash-leigh, Mr. Dillon, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Chester, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Mr. Harley,

Mr.Fellowes, Mr* S hut tlnvorth, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wodehouse,

Mr. Rowney, Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. Carew, Mr Harvey, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Dr. Neiv-

land. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Charles Pel-

ham, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Philips, Sir Wat kin Wms. Wynne,

Sir Bolder Charnocke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Blagrave, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Crew, Lord Inchiquin,

Mr. Fofter, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Den.

Northcoie, Dr. Butler, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Pitt,

Sir Robert Long, Sir PhilipMufgrave, Mr. Grove, Mr.

Bennet, Mr. Thursby; and all the Members who serve for

Chamber; and all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Trctt

Navigation

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgp the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horseshoe-Hoiffe, in the Parish of Stoke-Goldhtgton, in the County of Bucks, and the Town the Counties of Hereford, Wanvick, Gloucester, and Salop: of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Nin the County of to the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. House, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act A Petition of several Aldermen, Merchants, Turjef- to enable Percy Wyndham Esquire, and other the Devisees men, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston cA Henry Lori of Ttawomfand Viscount Tatter, deceased, upon Hull, in behalf of themselves, and several others, to take and use the Surname of Obrien, pursuant to the n Will

GoMinotoa

Roads.

15 Geo. II. 2° April 163

Will of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount Tadcaster, without any Amendment: And also,

Yorke’j The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Mamase this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more ef-Ameki. feftua]ly carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made before, and in consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, with the most Honourable Jemima Marchioness , and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kin"(ton A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-

upon Hull unto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston oor' upon Hull, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, not Freemen, of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Provisions in an Act of Parliament made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the F.mployment and Maintenance of the Poor there: And letting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Corporation thereby constituted, purchased a large Piece of Ground within the said Town, and built thereon a large Hospital or Workhouse, and House of Correction, and have ever since lodged, and kept to Work, great Numbers of the Poor of the said Town in the said Hospital, or Workhouse; and have therein, or otherwise, maintained all the Poor of the said Town under their Care; and that, by another Act of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the said Corporation was authorized to make a further, or additional, Assessment, not exceeding One hundred and Thirty Pounds, by the Year, to be employed for the Purposes in the said Fiift Act mentioned; and that a Bill is now depending in this House, for impowering the said Corporation to raise such further or other Sum, or Sums, as shall be necessary for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Town, to be proportioned, assessed, raised, and levied, by'such Method of Taxation, and subject to, and under such Power and Controul of, the Ma-gistrates of the said Town of Kingston upon , as by the said first-mentioned Act is directed, appointed, and preferred: And representing to the House, That there are great Numbers of Persons inhabiting Kingston upon Hull, who are not Freemen of the said Town, who not only contribute to all Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the Inhabitants, but are also considerably aggrieved with the heavy Burden of paying the Water-Bailiff Dues, which the Petitioners only are subject to, though they are very great Promoters in respect to the Improvement of Trade and Commerce, and the Employment and Support of Numbers of People in the said Town; and that the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town, and the Officers employed by them, and acting under their Authority, in making the Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the Poor under the Care of the said Corporation, and in the Exercise and Execution of the Power vested in them by the said Acts, have, in a partial Manner, distinguished the Petitioners from the Freemen of the said Town, by charging them with anarbitrary personal Payment of acer-tain Weekly Sum, without any regard to the yearly Rent or Value of their respective Houses, greatly exceeding in

feneral, the Assessments laid upon the other Inhabitants, 'reemen of the said Town, which are regulated and ascertained according to the yearly Rent or Value of the Houses and Tenements occupied by them respectively within the said Town; And further representing, That the Petitioners have not, by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, any Right of Appeal, except to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder, of the said Town, who have the Power and Direction of the said Rates and Aflelf-mems under which the Petitioners are aggrieved, as aforesaid; and are therefore without Remedy in the Premises, unless they shall be relieved by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That such Pravision may be made for their Relief in the Premises, either by inserting a pro-Voi. 24.

per Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill now depending for that Purpose, or by such other Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the lteign of her late Majesty Queen A fine, for the more effectual Pravision of the Poor in the said Town, is committed.

A Petition of the Cheesemongers of the City of £0?/* Trent don, in behalf of themselves, ana many others, was pre- Navigation, fented to the House, and read; representing to the House,

That the Bill now depending in this House, for making that Branch of the River 'Trent navigable from the Dividing of the Stream at a Place commonly called the Upper Wear, in the County of Nottingham, to its joining again at a Place called the Crankleys, in the same County, if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be greatly detrimental to the Trade and Interest of the Petitioners, and many others; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Merchants and Traders of Ditto, the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be greatly detrimental to the Trade and Interest of the Petitioners, and many others: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that she Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Mr. Carezu presented to the House, according to Offices Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to and Employ, qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within ment5, the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, w00| carried of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn, that hath for Coastwise. Seven Years last past been put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be carried Coastwise from one Port to another, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and re-landed again; distingu idling each Year, and the several Ports from which such Wool was put on board, and where re-landed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account {hewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of

minster, and to enable the Dean and Chapter of the said Collegiate Church to purchase Three Leasehold Houses, then standing on the North Side of the said Church, and to pull down the fame, in order to Jay open the whole

North

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Pole's, kc. Eftatts.

l64

2° — 30 — g°

A\ 1742.

North Side of the said Church, had been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfeJf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane aHb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Brita, for the Service of the Year 1742, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1740, out of the Supplies for the Year 1742,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read j The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 5* dis

Anno 15° Georgii IId’ Regis, 174a.

Prayers.

f\R D E R ED, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of in the room of

John Shafto Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval, Mr. , Mr.

Edwin, Sk Robert Long, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Compton, Mr. Laroche, L.ord Sidney be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Srr fVH. Pole Baronet, decoded, to make Leases of Part of his Eft ate in the Counties of Devon, Scmand Dorset, for Years determinable on Deaths according to the Iffage of the Country, during the Infancy of Sir John Pole, his only Son, and for lay nig out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance in the said Counties, to be settled when purchased, to the same Utes as the Premises ch viled by the said Will now (land limited, is committed.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Durham

Writ.

at

a ref ‘ft.:

Pole’s, &C, EfUte.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 15* Georgii II'1, Regis, 1742. Praters.

A Bill to indemnify Persons, who have omitted to and Employ-qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within menu, the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Pu pose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

ABI LL for impowering the Trustees named in the House, upon the said Bill.

Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the Counties ot Devon, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j ih«,kc. Somerset, and Dorset, for Years determinable on Deaths, to citabhlh and confirm Articles of Agree t ent relating according to the Usage of the Country, during the lnfancy to the Tythes and certain Glebe Lands within the Parish of Sir John Pole, his only Son, and for laying out the of Leigh, in the County of was read a Second

Money arising thereby in the Purchaseof l^inds of Ir.he- time.

ritance in the said Counties, to be settled, when purchased, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Watkin to the same Uses, as the Premises devised by his said Wrrs. Wynne, Mr A , Mr. Robert Har-Will now stand limited, was read a Second time. ley, Mr. Demon, Sir Nathanael Cutzon, Mr. Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Hume Campbell, Mr Mr. Legge, Mr. Gy 00 on, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Torke, Dr. Sir John Che ’er, Mr. Ca ter, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Berry, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Williams, Saville, Lord Marquis of Darting ton. Sir John Bartng- Mr. Godolphin, Sir William Carew, Mr. Chancellor of ton, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyrer, Sir the Exchequer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. S crope, Mr. Winford, Cordell Firebrace, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Alderm-n Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Butler, Lord Gage, Sir shall, Mr. Phillips, Lord , Mr. Smyth, Sir

Thomas Drury, Mr. Neale, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Fortescue, Harry Northcote, Mr Mr. Hop-

Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Mon/on, Mr. Kent, Mr. ton. Sir William , Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Whichcote, Mr. Vere, Mr. Cope, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Mr. Powell, Lord Dupplin and A\ the Members who

Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties serve for the Counties ot Salop, Stafford, -

of Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and Cornwall: And they are reford, and North Wales: And they are to meet this

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Speaker’s Chamber. Chamber.

Ordered,

2,

the sf. ing L in

15. Geo. II.

5° Apri

165

Derby

Eieilion.

at

d.

rt,

Tnite’i

Water

Engine.

Ordered, That German Pole Esquire, be at Liberty to That his Majesty, upon the 19th of October 1759, de-withdraw Jiis Petition, complaining of an undue Election dared War against and thereupon the

and Return for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Court rigorously prohibited English Goods and Manufac-Derby. tures; which Prohibition, on their Parts, they have en-

Ordered, That the Order for hearing the Matter of the forced under severe Muldts, and even Banishment, lo said Petition at the Bar of this House, be discharged. lately as upon the 28th of November last; and that, upon

- the r 8th of December 1739, this House ordered in a Bill A Bill for vesting, for a certain Term, in JoknTuite, for prohibiting Commerce with Spain; and afterwards an his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Pro- Atft of Parliament was passed in the 13th Year of his perty of a Water-Engine, by him invented, was read Majesty’s Reign, whereby it was enacted, That, after the

First Day of June 1740, no Wines, Fruits, or other Goods, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture,.of any of the Territories of the King of Spain in except Prize-Goods, should, during the present War, be

a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. West, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Earle,

Lord DuppUn, Sir James Grant, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Vyner, imported into Great Britain, or other the Places therein

General Wade, Mr. Harley, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Carew, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. G/anvil/e, Mr. Smith, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Neale, Mr. Knight, Mr. Boone, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooke, Sir John

named, from any Place whatsoever, lave only as to such Goods which should be ad ually imported into or'

Gibraltar, on or before the ift of May 1740, and imported hither 011 or before the 24th of June then following; and that as the said Act of Parliament remained in

Glynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Bar- Force during the whole Session of Parliament, in the 14th

rington, Mr. Tucker, Dr. Butler, Lord Hartington, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ord, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Edmund Mr. Row-

ney, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Buthurfi, Sir William Corbett, M, . Psriarn, Lord Mayor And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Carli tie's Coal-works.

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, several of the Petitioners, and others, upon the Faith and Security of the said Law, as it then flood, have imported and ordered much greater Quantities than yfual of Wines and other Goods, not only from Portugal, the Country which takes off to the largest Value of British Woollen and other Manufactures, but also from sundry other P’aces, some of them not usually traded to for such Wines; intending thereby to supply here the Want of those prohibited Spanish Wines, and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thnrfton, and Mr. other Goods ;and that, in consequenceof a Petition lately Burroughs: presented from a few Merchants, Traders to Spain, de-

Mr. Speaker, firing a particular Liberty to themselves only, to import

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Wines even now from neutral Ports, this House

im power Henry Earl of Car life to make Leases of Coal- hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for such Purposes; mines and Coal-works, lying within his lettled Estates in but that the Petitioners apprehend, that their private Pro-the County of Northumberland, for any Term not exceed- perty will be thereby gredtly affected, and their lawful ing Ninety-nine Years; To which the Lords desire the Trade interrupted, if such Bill should pass into a Law;

Supply.

and that the said Traders to Spain cannot be relieved in the Manner by them proposed, but by a Repeal of Part of the Acts of Navigation, as well as the whole Ad of Prohibition, and, in effect, at the Expence of the Petitioners, who have been carrying on, and in some measur opening a Trade so beneficial to this Kingdom, and consistent with the established Laws thereof: And further al-

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Houfo, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his l<*ging» That Wines are the First Species of Goods

Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him forbidden by the said Act of Prohibition, which the Pe-to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and titioners conceive were therein first enumerated by way of afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Eminence, as they pay, at the time when exported from same were rea l; and are as followeth; viz. Spain, a very high Dufy to the Crown of neatly

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, equal to the prime Cost of the Wines themselves; and That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand that the said Traders avow, that some of them first

Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, to- sent their Orders from hence for their Spanish Wines, lb wards enabling his Majesty to concert proper Measures, very late as upon the 14th of February 1739, which was and form such Alliances, or enter into such Engagements, near Four Months after the Declaration of War, and near with other Powers, as his Majesty shall judge necessary Two Months after this House had ordered in a Bill to pro-for the Support of the House of Aufiria, and restoring liibit Commerce, and was Nine Days after this House had

proceeded so far as to pass a Bill for Prohibition of Commerce; so that such Wines could not have been exported from nor the Duty paid for the same to the King of

__________T____ __________ 0 __ Spain, until long after the Prohibition-Act might, have

Five Pence Halfpenny, fce granted to his Majesty, for been completely passed into a Law; and that as the premaintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the lent Application from the said Traders, came be-.

Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for fore this House but on the 3d of March 1741, at so great the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Can/o, Placentia, Pro- a Length of Time after the Prohibition took Place, vidence, Girbraltar, and Georgia, for the Year 1742. the Petitioners apprehend, the Indulgence desired by the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, said Traders may afford Opportunities for indirect Prac-That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to tices, or at least may encourage such great Numbers of his Majesty, towards the repairing and finishing the Col- like Applications, in respect of Wines, and other

legiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster. as may render it extremely precarious and

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second hazardous for Merchants to carry on their Trade and Corn-time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, merce, according to Law, if liable to be defeated after the Balance of Power in Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-six thousand Six hundred and Sixteen Pounds Six Shillings and

tortation

>panish

Fine*.

agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and sundry cular Traders, and to affect the Petitioners Property in a others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, very high Degree, praying the House, That they may . Vol. 24. U u be

the time they shall have inverted their Effects: And therefore, in regard such Bill tends so greatly to alter the general Laws of the Land, in favour of some few parti-

J m porta tion of S:>anish Winn.

166

5° — 6°

A. 174a.

be heard against the fame, by their Coun/el j and that such Bill may not pats j or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, in such manner as to the House /hail teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to impower Messieurs Nut hail, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanijk Wines, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Coun/el, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Coun/el be admitted to be heard, for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Sc. Catherine The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Church" Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Catherine Coleman, in Fench in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, and for making the said A<fl more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Wav, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House upon Friday Morning

next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee of Laid Tax. the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 174a, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill} and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, except One of them, which was disagreed to, and Two of them, the further Consideration of which was postponed, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further ConGderation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read and are as follow; viz.

P. 4. L. 6, 7. Leave out the Words " that the Lord €c Bi/liop of Chester for the Time being do," and instead thereof in/ert " they shall be at Liberty to."

P. 5. L. 29, 30. Leave out the Words " that the Lord " Bishop of Chester for the Time being do" and in/lead thereof, inlert " they shall be at Liberty to."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Jofiffepresented to the House, according to Order, Sheet-Bridge a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one Road,. made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An A£1 for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to

the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and another Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in-and by the said Act granted, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Petition of the late Mayor, Alder- Colchele men, Assistants, and Common Council, and of the free Burgesses and Inhabitants, of the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to a Committee, to consider and examine the Matter of so much of the said Petition, as relates to the Corporation therein mentioned, for the Maintenance and Care of the Poor of the said Town; and Tcport the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Grey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. , Mr.

Carezo, Sir Wat kin Wtns. Wynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Phillips, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sir John

Hind Cotton, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Winford, Lord Gage, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Mr. Proby, Dr. land, Mr. Fane, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Seville, Mr. Fazakcrley, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Fellowes. Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Alderman HeathcoteSir John St. Aubiv., Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Grove, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Crazvford, Sir Robert Abdy,

Mr. Bramfion, Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Mr. Ord, Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Mr. Mellish, Mr. , Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. WallerMr. Pitt, Mr. Wentworth, Sir James Grant, Lord , Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Mr. Strode, Mr.

Manfel, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Boone, Mr. Watson \ and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Hertford , and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Person , Papers, and Records.

Stwt

Pi

Warren’s Sluice thro’ Stockport Glebe.

MR. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe belonging to the Rectory of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and to use and enjoy the same for conveying Water to Stockport Mills, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 174a, committed.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Re port be adjourned tiUTo-morrow at T welve of the Clod

The other Order of the Day being read j The House resolved itself into a Committee of whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the L touching the Elections of Members to serve for the C monsin Parliament, and toreftrainthe Partiality, and late the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elec

20

i5 Geo. II.

6° — 7* Aprilis.

i6y

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Catherine ,in in the City of

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee. L, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they thereby intended.

had made a progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stowerbridge

Parish.

Warren’s

Sluice

through

Stockport

Glebe.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Kingston

the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more ef- <aP?,n Hull feftual, Two Acts, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth oot’ Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Ordered, That Mr. Lyttletonhave Leave to make a Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correc-Motion, it being after Four of the Clock: tion, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Em-

And he moved the House accordingly; ployment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the

And presented to the House, a Petition of several of other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late the Freeholders in the Town of Stowerbridge and Parish Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of of Oldfwinford, who have a Right of Common in Short- the Poor in the said Town, was committed, That the Heath, and other the Commons belonging to the Free- Committee had considered the Petition, to them referred, holders in the said Town and Parish: of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub-

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That by feribed. Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Bill brought into this House,-for making the Town of on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, Stowerbridge, in the County of Worcester, a separate Pa- not Freemen of the said Town; and that the Committee ~:n~ c~ L " -r, r‘.iri had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughput; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

rish from the Parish of Oldjzvinford, in the said County, and for making a Provision for the Minister of the said new Parish, and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof, the said Short Heath, and other Parts of the said Common, are to be inclosed for the Purposes in the said Bill: And representing to the House, That the same will take from the Petitioners their Freehold in the said Commons, and be very prejudicial to them: And therefore praying, That no Part of the said Common may be inclosed; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then ‘the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, y° die;

Anno 15° Georgii II41 Regis, 1742. Praters,

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe belonging to the Rectory of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and to use and enjoy the same for conveying Water to Stockport Mills, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

St. Catherine Coleman Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Earle, Mr. Speke, and Mr. Bowles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742, was committed:

And the First of the Two Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, containing the Lists of Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, for the several Counties and Places within England and Wales, the further Consideration whereof was postponed, being read a Second time;

Amendments were made to several of the said Lifts.

And the Name of the Right Honourable the Marquis of Carnarvon, Son and Heir apparent to his Grace t he Duke of Chandois, being proposed to be inserted as One of the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution for the City of Bath;

And the Question being put, That his Name be so inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr.

M r. Thomas Gore:

Tel.ers for.heNoc.J^-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Names of several other Persons being; added

Recovery of Small Debts.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Tellers for the Yeas.

s

61.

5

j 1:12.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in- to the said Lift, and to other subsequent Lifts; tituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish 'T'1 ~ r ’ A 1 ‘ ’ J

of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City

of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish, and for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third time.

the

The said Amendment, so amended, was, upon Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other postponed Amendment, containing the like Lifts for the several Shires and Places in Scotland, being read a Second time, was, after several Afnend-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ments thereto, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed be, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the to by the House.

Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, And an Amendment was made by the House to the An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Bill.

Vol. *4. Another

J. 1741.

168

7° — 8* Jprilis.

Another Amendment was proposed lobe made in Fo. 49. L. 2. of the Bill, by inserting after the Words no

Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person practising as " such," the Words " who shall not be seised and pof-a sessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which were taxed or did pay in the same County, Riding, " City, Borough, Town-Corporate, Cinque-Port, or " Place, for which he shall be named a Commissioner, or within the County at large, within which such " City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque-Port, or " Place, for which he shall be named a Commissioner,

Jovis, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 150 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

A

PRAYKRS.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, " doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, for and Buildings, at Park-Place, in the Parish of Si. James, the Value of £. 1O0 per Annum, or more, of his own in the County of Part of the settled Estate

Estate, by virtue of an Act passed in the 14th Year of Charles Duke of; and for settling other Lands

" of his Majesty’s lleign, intituled, An Act for grant- to the same Uses, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords ing an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be desire the Concurrence of this House :* And also,

<c raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 174V." The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the

D ike of Gnfton’i

Estate.

Welt

And the Question being put, That those Words be Sale of Two Closes of Meadow-ground in IVej Harnam, Hfnam Sale

infected, as proposed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tclkr, forrtleNo«,{^F"";"f^- ] 58.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

in the County of Wilts, being the settled Estate of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Earl of Pem-

broke, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arifi-ing by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this-House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the County of Part of the Estate of fames Manuel, late of New Malton, in the fame

of Landi.

Mamirl’i

Ellaie.

Exportation of Wool.

County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Ar-The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tides of Agreement made between the Widow and the

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Juefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Henry Baxter do then attend the said Committee.

Daughters, and Coheirs, of the said James Manuel: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chancourt, and John Cahuac: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Beaufort’s, &c. Nat.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to rSfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Manufacturers of Gold and Silver Wire, Lace, and Thread, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the said Trade, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Petition , and had directed him to report the fame, to-Navy, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Com- gether with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, mittee. to the House: And he read the Report in his Place

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Tranf- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where port Service, for the Year 1741, be referred to the said the Report was read , and is as followeth; viz.

Committee. To prove the Allegations of the Petition, An Act,

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of Viftu- passed in the 9th and 10th Year of the Reign of his late ailing his Majesty’s Land-Forces, sent on the Expedition Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for settling and to America, between the ift Day of January 174#, and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the the 31st Day of December 1741, be referred to the said better making Silver and Gold Thread, and to prevent

Gold Lace, Stc. Manufafluti,

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ditto.

the Abuses of the Wire-drawers, was read -, by which it appeared, That Copper, Brals, and every other inferior Metal than Silver, should be lpun on Thread, Yarn, or Incle, only, and not on Silk, under the Penalty of forfeiting Five Shillings for every Ounce , and that no Gold or Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other W ork made there-they had come to several Resolutions *, which they had of, or any Thread made of Copper, lirafs, or any other directed him to report, when the House will please to inferior Metal or Wire, or Plate ready wrought for cover-receive the same. ing Silk or Thread, shoukl be imported into this King-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow dom, under the Penalty of forfeiting and burning the Morning. same j and to continue in Fotce for Three Years: And

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That also, An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of he was directed by the Committee to move, that they her late Majesty Queen Anne, for continuing and amend-may have Leave to fit again. ing the aforesaid Act, was read , by which it appeared.

That a further Penalty of One hundred Pounds was laid Resolved,'Yhit this House will, upon Monday Morning upon the Importer of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, or other W ork, made thereof, or any Thread made of to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. Copper, Brass, or any inferior Metal , or W ire, or Plate,

ready wrought, for covering of Silk or Thread-, and to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow continue in Force Seven Years.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Then the Agent for tire Petitioners called

17 Mr

15 Geo. II.

8° Aprilis.

16$

Hr

nr/-'

IV-1

:k

Meredith’*

Edam.

Mr. John Fletcher, a Lace-Weaver: Who said. That,

of late Years, great Quantities of Tinsel, Copper, and other base compound Metals, have been brought into England, from Nuremburgh, which has been worked up

into Laces, and other Goods which look (o like Gold and Silver, as to deceive the Traders themselves, to the great Discouragement of the Gold and Silver Manufacturers in that Trade:

That the same is brought over chiefly plated upon Quills, and sold at about Si)f Pence per Ounce, which, when worked into Lace, will fell for Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ounce, and looks as well as Gold Lace of Ten Shillings per Ounce, and will wear as long, and as well, if kept dry.

Mr. Euston Scott, a Gold and Silver Wire-drawer, said.

That he has used foreign Plate, made of bale compound Metals, which work as well as Gold or Silver, and, when worked into Lace, look as well:

That the same is brought from Abroad, and fold for about Five Shillings per Pound; and he knows of several Orders sent for Quantities of these fort of Metals, which are expected in a few Days; One particularly for himself: That the same looks so like the real, that he knows Mr. Sharp, a Trader in Gold and Silver Lace, bought some of it for French Plate, and gave Twenty-five Pounds for it; and upon finding the Fraud, he returned it; and he, the Examinant, afterwards bought it for Fifty Shillings :.

That it may be used in Brocades, and not distinguished, and is often used. in Ribbons and Handkerchiefs, and fold in the Country for real, as he has heard by Complaints from Country-Traders, who have given Seven or Eight Shillings per Ounce, for a Metal which he could have fold for Seven or Eight Pence:

That it is the foreign Plate that looks so like, and deceives, and not the English.

Mr. William Dali, a Gold and Silver Lace-Weaver,

laid. That upon the Decay of the Gold and Silver Trade, he took to working bare compound Metals, that come from Abroad, which work in every respect as well as Gold or Silver, and is net to be distinguished when worked into Lace, &c. and that he has worked Two or Three thousand Ounces to go to India.

Mr. James Smith, a Gold and Silver Lace-Weaver, said, That upon the Decay of the Gold and Silver Trade, he began to work base compound Metals, that come from Abroad, which work as well as Gold or Silver, and look as well:

That the Tinsel is frequently worked in Ribbons, and fold in Town and Country for real; and into Buttons, the Price thereof being fallen from 9 j. and ioj. per Dozen, to 2 s.6 d. and 3 s.

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee, a Report, from the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Lords of the Treasury; by which it appeared to your Committee, That the said Commissioners are of Opinion, that there is room for Frauds to be practised, in exporting Tinsel, Lace, Thread, and Fringe, instead of those of Gold and Silver, and thereby obtain a Bounty, given by Law only upon the latter.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Idee: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Sir John Barnard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Vot.'24.

Act for making Articles of Agreement, entered into by Amos Meredith Esquire, and Johanna his Wife, as well in her own behalf as in behalf of their Seven Children, all Infants, and by Thomas AJbetoii Esquire, in behalf of his Son, an Infant, touching the Partition of the Estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Hol/ord, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, now remaining unfold, obligatory on the said Infants, and rendering the said Partition effectual and binding to all Parties, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Tyburn and granted and given by Two Acts of Parliament, one of Uxbridge, the tuft, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the &c. Road*. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brentford Bridge, over Heath,

through the Parishes of Hanwell, New and

Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the.Title be,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell;

New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending ihis Member* House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, the frmmoned. Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And he being returned;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to.Certain exclude certain Officers from being Members of the officer8 * House of Commons: And that Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Chan- Member*1"4 cellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Cornewall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Call of the Day Three Weeks, the 29th Day of this instant April. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arips attending: this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon this Day Three Weeks.

A Bill for the better Protecting and Securing of the Protection of Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in Times of Trade during War, was read a Second time. ","r*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place;

X x and

VJO

8° — 9 Jp

A. 1742-

Cirencester

Roads.

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Fifty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-Pay to Sea-Officers), for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-eight thousand Six hundred and Forty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of Transports, hired to carry the Forces to America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred Eleven thousand Nine hundred and Seventeen Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuals provided for the Soldiers employed in the Expeditions in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, nt>t exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the service of their Country.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Norborne Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whorh the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reigp of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Gtrencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Gold Lace, Ordered, That it be an Instructioft to the Gentlemen &c* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to Manufacture, t^c Frauds committed by the counterfeiting of

Gold and Silver Lace; that they do insert therein, a Glause or Clauses, for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and foT the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ejection Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-taws. ing ncx^ resolve ifcself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to ftrve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning^-Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned tiR Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 90 Abrilis;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Beaufort’s, &c. Nat.

Gold Lace, &c. Manufacture.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WeAHamam for Sale of Two Closesof Meadow-Ground in West Sale of Harnam, in the County of Wilts, being the settled Estate ,ul9‘ of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chan* court, and John Cahuac, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace; and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Articles of Agreement, entered into by Amos Meredith Esquire, and Johanna his Wife, as wall in her own behalf as in behalf of their Seven Children, ail in- fants, and by Thomas Asheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son, an Infant, touching the Partition of the Estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, now remaining unfold, obli* gatory on the said Infants, and rendering the said Parti*-tion effectual and binding to all Parties, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Catew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to RCCOvery of Order, a Bill for the more cafy Recovery of small Debts: Small Debts. And the fatne was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Meredith’#

Estate.

Ordered, That Lists of the Justices of the Peace for the several Counties and Liberties within England and Wales, and for the City of Westminster, be laid before this House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Gilbert Douglas, a Solicitor for several Bills depending in this House, was, upon Monday last, arrested as he was attending this House;

And the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of May 1678, (in relation to the Allowance of the Privilege of this House, to Mr. John Gardner, Solicitor in the Cause concerning Lyndfey Level, who was arrested as h6 vras coming to attend on the House), being read;

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove, that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was so arrested;

And the House being informed, by several of their Members, that he did that Day attend on the House aa Solicitor for several Bills then depending;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas; and that he be dit-obarggd from his Arrest.

Ordered,

Lift of Justices of Peace.

Privilege,

i7i

Certain Officers excluded being Members.

Select Parish Vestries.

Laws respecting Rogues and Vagabonds,&c.

Ways and Means.

Wotton

Underwood

inclosure.

Lafhwood’s

Name*

Offices id Employments.

rtation

Ipanish

fines.

1

90- — n° Aprilis.

15 Geo. II.

Ordered, That Sir Wat kin William Wynn, Mr. Philips, Mr. Charles Cholmondeley, and the Lord Gage, be added to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the fa’rd respective Parishes, is referred, have Leave to (it, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Leave, be given to bring in a Bill ’to explain and amend an Act, made in the 13th Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing (he feme into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses 6f Correction: And that SirNatkanatlCurzoh, Mr. Carew, Mr. Which tot, Mr. Southwell, arid Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for ti e House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whok Houfo, to confidfer further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resume 1 the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it agiin.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Laund, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wotton Underwood, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Sir Francis Dajkwood presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Da/hwood and William PnjT/e Esquires, and their respective Ittue Male, and uther the Devisees of the Estate of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil to the Will of

the said Dr. King: And (he same was received.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fy-dell, and Mitchell, and Certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called m:

Vol. *4.

And the said Bill Was raid a Second tihie:

And the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thfcmfelveS, and sundry others, Was also read r

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence:

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapyltcn hive Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the County of Ybrki Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Malt on, in the same County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between the Widow and the Daughters, and Coheirs, of the said James Manuel, was read the First trfte.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly4.

And a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Laund, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wotton Underwood, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein-mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Pelham have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A dl for Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, and Buildings, at Path-Place, in the PaMh of St. James, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, and for settling other Lands to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, wa* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell have Leave to make* Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And a Bill to enable John Dcfhwood and William Payne Esquires, and their respective Issue Male, and other the Devilees of the Estate -of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and ufo the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor King, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 120 die;

Anno 13* Georgii IP* Regis, 1741.

Pra yeus.

AN ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Dj

Manuel's

Estate*

Wotton Under* 00 d Inclosure.

Duke of Grafton’s Estate.

Dafliwood’a

Name*

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Preventing Mi (chiefs by* keeping Gunpowder.

Select Parish Vestries.

Correspondence with Admiral Haddock, &c.

172

12° Aprilis. A. 174a.

Ordered, That Leave be given to, bring in a Bill for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near Cities and Towns: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Legh Majier, Sir John Chapman, the Lord Perceval, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Edwin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mellish, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Ellis, Sir JV. Curzon, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. G0/*, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Mr. Brer eton, Mr. Li tier, Mr. Gr<?y, Mr. Saville, Mr. Which-

Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Majier,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of «$/. Martin in the Fields, 67. 5/. James, St. George Hanover-

Square, and 6/. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, is referred.

Mr. Comptroller prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Reaf-Admiral Haddock, April 6, 1739; incloswg

Copy of Inftjuctions for 'Rear-Admiral Haddock, AprilS, 1739.

Translation of £ Letter from the Dey of Algiers to the King, February 23d 1738.

Copy of a Letterjrom Consul Black to the Duke of v. Newcastle, Algiers, March 31, 1738.

Copy of a Petition of John Dalmedo, &c.

Certificate of John Dalmedo, and his Crew, seized at Algiers, being Natives of Minorca.

Petition of several English Subjects, in Slavery at Algiers.

Copy of his Majesty’s Letter to the Dey of Algiers.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Consul Holden, April 6th 1739.

( Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Gibraltar-Bay, May 13th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke oi Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 6th 1739; inclosing

Copy of Instructions to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 6th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke oi Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 6th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 20th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, >/y 3d 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke oi Newcastle, Cape St. Marys, July-jib 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 8th 1739; inclosing

Copy of the Affidavit of Stephen Gries, Master of hi Vierge de Grace de Ciotat, extraded from the French Consul’s Register at Cadiz, July 17th 17395 and

Translation.

..Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 8th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, off Cape St. Marys, July 23d 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke ot Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, July 24th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, September 5th 1739; inclosing

Copy of a Memorial, presented to his Majesty by the French Ambassador, August 30th 1739* and Translation.

Copy of the Affidavit of Stephen Grid*, Master of la Verge de Grace de Ciotat, extracted from the French Consul’s Register at Cadiz, July 17th 17395 and

Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Monfienr Leken Brig* non, Master of the La Conjlance, extracted from the French Consul’s Register at Cadiz, July 26th 1739; and

Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Jacob Duguen, Maftef of the Le Solide, extracted from the Register of tht French Consul at Cadiz, August 4th 1739; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Monsieur de Cambis, September 1739; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, September 3th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset off of Cadiz, August 14th 1739-

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset off of Cadiz, September 6th 1739; inclosing

Copy of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Orders to Captain Clinton.

Copy of Captain Zfonie/’s Declaration concerning the French Ship, visited the 4th of July 1739.

Copy of a Spanish Letter from the French Ship* *7///? 6th 1739; and

Translation.

Copy of a Spanish Letter, intercepted, and received-from the French Master, July 9th 1739; and Translation.

Copy of a-Letter from Consul Cayley to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Cadiz, August 23d 1739.

Copy of Count Roydevtlle's Letter to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 13d 1739; anC*

Translation.

Copy of a Spanish Memorial delivered to, and sent ... from, Count de Roydeville, concerning a Barco-longo, seized with Bricks; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter fron\ the French Consul at Cadiz, to Rear-Admiral Haddock, August 1759; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter-from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Count de Roydeville, Somerset at Sea, August 15th

1739-

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the French Consul at Cadiz, August 16th 1739. Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, September 26th 1739; inclosing

Copy of a Paper, containing the Substance of the Bill of Loading of the Ship St. Joseph.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, November 7th 1739; inclosing

Copy of an Account given by the Captain of a Merchant Ship, of the taking the St. Jago.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, November 7 th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Gibraltar, 4th October 1739-

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke oi Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar-Bay, October 7th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Gibraltar-Bay, October 25th 1739; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Consul Hammond to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Faro, October 19th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Augustus Fitzroy to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Gibraltar, October 25th 1739. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, December 6th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar-Bay, November 18th 1739; inclosing

Copy

15 Geo. II. 12° Aprilis. 173

Copy of the French Consul’s Letter to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Cadiz, the 12th of November 1739, N. S. and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the French Consul at Cadiz, Gibraltar, November, 18th 1739.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, February 12th 1739-40; inclosing Copy of a Letter from Earl JValdegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, January -,4 1744.

Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Amelot to Earl JValdegrave, nth January 1740, N. S. and Translation.

Copy of the Petition of James Montz, a Merchant of Bayonne, to the French King; and Translation.

Certificate of the Ship St. Jago, belonging to Monsieur Montz, a Merchant at Bayonne; and Translation.

Copy of Captain Liffonde's Orders; and Translation.

Copy of the Pass for the Ship St. Jago to go to the Canaries; and

Translation.

Copy of the Ship St. Jago's Sea-Letters; and Translation.

Copy of the Ship St. Jago's Bill of Health; and Translation.

Copy of the Register of the Crew of the Ship St. Jago; and

Translation.

Contents of the Cargo of the Ship St. Jago, bound from Passage to the Canaries, and Translation.

Copy of the Declaration of Captain Lijfonde, Commander of the Ship St. Jago; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Earl JValdegrave, Jan. 22d 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, February 14th 1739-40; inclosing Copy of a Paper of Intelligence, N° I.

Copy of a Paper of Intelligence, N* II.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezvcafile to Rear-Admiral Haddock, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Squadron, at or near Port-Mahon, Feb. 27th 1739-40 5 inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Antwerp, February 44

17

Copy of a Paper of Intelligence.

Extra# of Letters from Figo and Oporto, January 7T and 4t* 1739-4°*

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Jackson to the Duke of Newcastle, Genoa, ,739-40.

Deposition of Captain Luck.

Extra# of a Letter from ConfxAJackforito the Duke of Newcastle, Genoa, February th 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar-Bay, January 13th 1739-40; inclosing

Cargo of the St. Jago; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar-Bay, February i>th 1739-40*; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships, under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock, January 21st 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from Major-General Anfiruther to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Mahon, January 30th 1739-40.

Copy of the Declaration of JVm. Luck.

Extra# of a Spanish Letter, translated and intercepted.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Vol. *4.

Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Gibraltar-Bay, Feb. 9th Correspon-

1739*4° dence with

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear- Haddc*-k, Admual Haddock, March 24th 1739-40. tec.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Sir Chaloner Ogle, March 25th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, Lane after, Gibraltar-Bay, Mar. 4th 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, Gibraltar-Bay, March 7th 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, April 4th 1740; inclosing Copy of Advices from Spain.

Extra# of a Letter from Earl JValdegrave to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, f- 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Sir Chaloner Ogle, April 4th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon-Harbour, March 6th 1739-40.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon-Harbour, March 24, 1739-40; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Consul Goldfworthy to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Leghorn, March -rf 1739-40.

Translation of a Letter from the Secretary at Malta to Lieutenant General Wachtendonck, Malta, Feb.

tt 1739"4°*

Extra# of a Letter to Consul Goldfworthy, Nice,

March 7th 1740, N. S.

Extra# of a Letter to Consul Jackson, at Genoa,

C^iz,^=4* 1739-40.

Copy of the voluntary Confession of the Captain and Scrivan belonging to the Spanish Prize St. Jago; and

Translation.

Particulars of the Cargo on board the St. Jago Prize; and

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, April 18th 1740; inclosing

Advices from Cadiz, N° I. April 5th 1740; and Translation.

Advices from Cadiz, N° 2. April 5th 1740.

Advices from Madrid, N°3. April 4th 1740; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, April 18th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, April 18th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, April 10th 1740; inclosing

Extra# of a Letter from Gibraltar, March 30th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Gibraltar, April 2d 1740.

Extra# of Intelligence from Gibraltar, April 4th 1740-

List of Prisoners taken in a Spanish Privateer.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Ipswich, Mahon-Harbour, April 21st 1740; inclosing

Copy of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, January 21st 1739-40.

Copy of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, April 14th 1740.

Copy of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Orders to Sir Chaloner Ogle, April 15th 1740.

Extra# of sundry Intelligence from Letters found on board a Spanish Xebeck lately taken.

Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock, April 20th 174a Lift of the French Ships of War at Toulon.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Ncmaftlt to Sir Chaloner Ogle, May 24th 1740.

Y y Copy

Correfpen-dence with Admiral Haddock, fcc.

174

12° Aprilis. 1742.

Copy of a Letter from Reae-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, May 7th, 1740; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships at Mahon, and thereabouts.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Sir Chaloner Ogle, May 27th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to the Duke of Newcastle, Augufia at Sea, May 29th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Stone, Augusta, in Gibraltar-Bay, June 17th'1740.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Sir Chaloner Ogle, Julybih 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, August 30th 1740; inclosing

State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, September 15th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, December 18th 1740; inclosing

Ext rad of a Letter from Consul Cayley to the Duke of Newcastle, Faro, October 44 1740.

Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley to the Duke of Newcastle, Faro, — 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Consul Cayley to the Duke of Newcastle, Faro, November t4 i 740.

Extrad s of Letters from Mr. Thompson, December 7th and 17th 1740. N. S.

Copy of a Paper, containing Advices from Spain,

November 44th 1740; and Translation.

Copy of Advices from Barcelona; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon Harbour, November 3d 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon-Harbour, November 8th 1740.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, January 13th 1740-1; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty's Ships, under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock, January the 13th 1740-1.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, February 10th 1740-1; inclosing

Disposition of Ships in and about the Mediterranean.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle (as far as it relates to the Crown of Spain, or the Conduct to be held by the said llear-Ad-miral in respect to that Crown, or the Fleets or Ships thereof, either separately, or in conjunction with the Fleets or Ships of any other Power), Mahon, February 20th 1740-1 *, inclosing

Ext rad of Captain Watson's Journal of Intelligence from the 6th to the 16th of February 1740-1. Copy of Rear-Amiral Haddock's Order to Captain Martin of the Ipswich, January 24th 1740-1.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Lancaster, Mahon-Harbour, March 18th 1740-1; inclosing

State and Condition of Rear-Admiral Haddock's Squadron.

\ Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Rear-Admiral Haddock, May 14th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon-Harbour, April 24th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset, Mahon-Harbour, May 3d 1741-

1 Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 2d 1741.

Copy of a Letter' from Mr. Stone to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Jime id11741; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Sttne to the Command-L - ing-Officer in Minorca, May 14th 1741*

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, June 20th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset at Sea, May 31st 1741; inclosing

Result of a Council of War, May 7 th 1741.

Extract of Intelligence, May 26th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset off Cape St. Vincent, June 7th 1741.5 inclosing

State and Condition of the Ships under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock, June ift 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Couraud to Rear-Admiral Haddock, July 2d 1741; inclosing

Copy of thcSwedish Secretary Y Memorial; and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Somerset off Cape St. Maries, June 19th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to Mr. Stone, August 3d 174J j inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Captan Watson to’Rear-Admiral Haddock, July 29th 1741.

Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley to Rear-Admiral Haddock, Faro, 1741-

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stone to Rear-Admiral Haddock, September 15 th I74r.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock (as far as it relates to the Crown of Spain, or the Conduct to be held by the said Rear-Admiral, in respect to that Crown, or the Fleets or Ships thereof, either separately or in conjunction with the Fleets or Ships of any other Power), November 1 ith 1741; inclosing Lift of the Toulon Squadron.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Commodore Lestock, November 26th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock (as far as it relates to the Crown of Spain, or the Conduct to be held by the said Rear-Admiral, in respect to that Crown, or the Fleets or Ships thereof, either separately or in conjunction with the Fleets or Ships of any other Power), November 26th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, December 3d 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Gibraltar, November 25th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, January jth 1741-2.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Marlborough at Sea off Cape de Gatt, December 9th 1741 1 inclosing

Copy of the Resolution of a Council of War, held on board the Marlborough, December 7 th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Marlborough at Sea off Minorca, December f 5th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, December 26th 1741.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, January 21st 1741-2; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Colonel O'Fare!, January 21st 1741-2.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lieutenant-Governor of Gibraltar, January 21ft

1741-2.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear-Admiral Haddock, January 21st 1741-2; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Colonel O'Far el, January 21st 1741-2.

Copy of a Letter from Rear-Admiral Haddock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon, Feb. ift 1741-2; inclosing State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships and Ve£ fels under the Command of Rear-Admiral Haddock, February ift 1741-2.

And Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The

'742,

°Rear.

*» the in-

to

w

m-

.1.

al

15 Geo. II. i2° Aprilis. 175

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers

of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kingston y\n ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and making upon Hull more efie&tial. Two Acts, one passed in the Ninth and oor* Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses and Houses of Correction in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor in the said Town, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 10. L 12. To leave out " such," and after " Assessment," to leave out " as aforesaid and instead thereof, to insert " to be made in pursuance of the said <c former Acts, or either of them."

L. 14. After " Court," to insert <€ upon <c*ahy Appeal."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one paired in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Crowle do-carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sutton Mr. Hemy Archer presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made of certain Lands in the Pari 111 of Sut -ton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Doctor Crane, Rector of the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing to the said Rector an Equivalent for his Tythes arising in the said Parish of Sutton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Petition of A Petition of William Myddelton Esquire, late High Mr. Myddle- Sheriff of the Shire of Denbigh, was presented to the thar°eHouse, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner was, ® on the 23d Day of February, ordered by this House to the Custody of the Keeper of his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, and did the next Day, in consequence of such Order, surrender himself to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and was immediately carried to the said Gaol, where he has remained in close Confinement ever lincc; whereby his Health has been much impaired; and that such Confinement, longer continued, may be the Means of endangering his Life; and that the Petitioner is extremely sorry, and humbly begs Pardon for having given Offence to this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioner may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said William Myddelton Esquire, committed Prisoner by this House to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate upon Tuesday the 23d Day of February loft, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in Older to his being discharged out of Custody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

lolchester Mr. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the ipoor. Petition of the late Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and 0 Common Council, and of the free Burgesses and inhabi-VoLi 24.

tants, of the Town of Colchester, in the County of EJJext whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committeehad examined the Matter of so much of the said Petition, as relates to the Corporation therein mentioned, for the Maintenance and Careo£ the Poor of the said Town; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Agents for the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee, a Copy of Letters Patent granted by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary dated the ' 27th of July, in the Fifth Year of their Reign, reciting, That a Charter granted by his late Majesty King Charles« the Second, dated the Third of August, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, whereby the Borough of Colchester was incorporated by the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex; and by that Charter it is granted, that there should be within the said Borough, a Mayor, Eleven Aldermen, Eighteen Assistants, Eighteen Common Council, and a Recorder, who should have perpetual Succession:

And also that the Mayor and Recorder for the Time being, and the Alderman who was the last Mayor, and Two other Aldermen, to be chosen annually, should be Justices of the Peace within the said Borough; which Charter was ratified and confirmed by the said Letters Patent granted by their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, bearing Date as above-mentioned.

Then the Agents produced an Act of Parliament, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said Town of Colchester, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; whereby it is Enacted, That the Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, and Forty eight Persons, to be chosen in the manner therein mentioned, shall be Guardians of the Poor of the said Town, and a Body Politick and Corporate for the Government and Maintenance of the said Poor; and that Rates and Assessments shall be made by them for and towards the Support of the feme Poor; which Rates shall be certified to the Mayor and Justices of the Peace of and for the said Town, for the Time being; who are, by the said Act, required to issue out their Warrants to authorize and require the Collect ion of such Rates; and divers other necessary and essential Powers were granted to, and veiled in, the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, and Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, for the Time being, for putting the said Act in Execution: ,

That some original Records, and examined Copies of other Records, were produced; whereby it appears, that Informations were lately brought in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench against Jeremiah Daniel, the last Mayor of that Borough, for usurping that Office; and against him, and also against Matthew Martin Esquire, George Wegg, junior, Esquire, Joseph Duffield, John Blatch, James Boys, John James, Nathanael Lawrence, and Peter Johnson, for their severally usurping the Offices of Aldermen of the said Borough; which Usurpa-tions they severally acknowleged, and disclaimed the said Offices.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Samuel Wall: Who being examined, said, That Mr. Serjeant Price, the late Recorder, and also one of the Aldermen of the said Borough, was dead; and that there is not, nor are at this time, any Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, or Justices of the Peace, of or for the said Borough:

That, for want of such Officers to put the before-mentioned Act of Parliament in Execution, the Poor of the Town have of late been very ill provided for, by reason the Rates made for their Relief cannot be levied; and therefore they are now in great Distress, and must remain so; and unless some speedy Remedy be made by Parliament

ij6 12° Aprilis. A. 1742.

liament, great Calamities must unavoidably attend not tion this Day, after the House hath proceeded upon the

only the Poor, but all the Inhabitants of the said Bo- Orders of the Day.

rough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Ordered, That Mr. Phillips be added to the Gentle- Iawsrefprf

render more effectual an Act made in the Ninth and men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Tenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Wil- to explain and amend an Act made in the 13th Year of bonds, &c. liam the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

County of EJj'ex, for the better employing and maintain- and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing ing the Poor thereof: And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Savil, the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Bramston, and Mr. Sydenham, do amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, prepare, and bring in, the fame. Houses of Correction.

Byroads In- Sir Thomas Drury presented to the House, according to

vention of Order, a Bill for securing to John Byrom, Matter of Arts,

Writing^ Right of publishing, and teaching for Hire, by

himself, or such as he shall depute, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-hand, invented by him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sheet-Bridge A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament,

Roads. one made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in and by the said Act granted; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act: granted; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joliff, Mr. Francis Fane, Colonel Bladen, Mr. P/umer, Mr. Lewis, Mi. Wentworth, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Legge, Mr. Carey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Clutter buck, Brigadier Onslow, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Sir Hum. Howarth, Colonel Ingram, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Buck, Mr. Carter, Mr. Compton, Sir John Crojfe, Colonel Douglas, Mr. Earl, Mr. Fox, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Arfcott, Colonel Beake, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Digby, Mr. Crowle, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Grant, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Henley, Mr. Maule, Lord John Murray, Sir John Rams-den. Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Fere, Lord Perceval, Mr. Femvick, Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Kent, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Locke, Mr. Murray, Mr. Owen, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Goctolphin, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Phillips; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stump-Orofs reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Bill for continuing the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge; another passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the Third passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts; and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean8, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had received a Proposal from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Matter referred to the Committee; and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Election whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain Laws, and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

1

Then the House, according to Order, proceeded to Stump-Crof* take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, Road*, to whom the Bill for continuing the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket-Heath and the Town of Cambridge; another passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the Third passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said two former Acts; and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; was committed: And the said Report was

read*

1C

s

Hi

ft!

A Person reprimanded and discharged.

Westharnam Sale of Lands.

Leigh ythes, &c.

Vite’i

Vater-

agine.

)f

e’s

>rks,

15 Geo. II.

12° — 130 Aprilis.

read, and all the Amendments, made by the Committee to the (’aid Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, except the lad, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

t ' ';

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow " . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-Marti;, 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 150 Georgii IF1 Regis, 174a.

1 \

Prayers.

TX/'ILLIAM Myddelton Esquire was, according to Or- der, brought to"the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Two Closes of Meadow-Ground in West-harnam, in the County of Wilts, being the settled Estate of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winford, Mr. Early Brigadier Onslow, Sir Nat. Curzon, Mr. Williams y Mr. Ord, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Baprift L. Gower, Mr. Hampden, Mr Douglas, Lord Galway, Mr. Smith, Mr. Li(lery Mr. Onslow, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Go dolphin. Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Sir John Chester, Mr. Hilly Lord Harrington, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Speke, Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Curzon, Mr. West, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Middlesex, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

177

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, ' Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr* Whitmore, Mr. John Ord, Lord Limerick, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harry Waller, Colonel Howard, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Hedworth, Lord Strange Mr. Coke, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fa-zakerley. Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Harley, Mr. Douglas, Mr. West, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Carew, Mr Carey, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John Turner, Lord Dupplin, Sir James Grant, Sir John Chester, Sir Robert Long, Lord Perceval, Lord Chetwynd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Turk, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are ro meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, and Buildings, at Park-Place, in the Parish of S/. James, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, and for settling other Lands to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be edmmitted to Colonel Pel-ham, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Pelham, Mr* Thomas Pelham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Legge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vere, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Selwyn junior, Brigadier Cornwallis, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Muflenden, Lord Harry Beauclerk, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Coke, Lord Harting-ton, Mr. Carew, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Winford, Mr. Whichcott, Sir Robert Long, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Strode, Sir Tho. Cave, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Cocks, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Crowle, Sir Miles Stapylton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm Articles of Agreement relating to the Tythes and certain Glebe-Lands within the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Worcester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr* Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling, for a certain Term, in John Tuite, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Water-Engine by him invented, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Henry Earl of Carlisle to make Leases of Coalmines and Coal-works lying within his settled Estates in the County of Northumberland* for any Term not exceeding. Ninety-nine Years, was read a Second time.

Vol. 24.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iptituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the County of York, Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Malt on, in the same County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between the Widow and the Daughters and Co-heirs of the said James Manuel, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton‘ Mr. Pitt, Lord Galway, Colonel Townshend, Sir Thomas Hobby, Mr. Wm. Owen, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Conolly, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Corbet, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Hum. Hoivarth, Sir James Grant, Sir John Glynne, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Whichcott, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Robert Fenwick, Mr. Nicholas Fenwick; Mi*. Lifter, Mr. Shuttleioorlh, Lord Buckley, Mr. Wode-honfe, Mr. Yorke, Lord Carpenter, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Walter, Mr. Winford, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Ord, Mr. Boone, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynne, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sluper, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Fox, Mr; Curzon, Mr. Henry Finch; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Gtradot de Chan-court, and John Cahuac, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed lo Mr. Winford, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Chapman, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Coke, Lord Perceval, Mr. Pro by, Mr. Finch, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Steele, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Carew,

' Z z Lord

Duke of Grafton’s Estate.

Manuel*!

Estate.

Beaufort’l, &c. Nat.

1C

A. 1742.

Lord Carpenter, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Grove, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Hill, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Earle, Dr. Butler, Mr. Strode, Mr. Master, Mr. 1lifter, Mr. Bcptifi L. Gower, Dr. Cotes, Sir John GlynHe, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Harley, Lord Strange, Mr. Curzon, Sir jV. Curzcm, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Owen, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Boone, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Saville, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Wqlter, Mr. Whichcolt, Sir Robert Long< And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stump- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Croft Roads. a(jj0urned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket-Heath and the Town of Cambridge; another passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the Third passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report; and the last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bilk was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

>etlt^on *he subscribing Merchants, in behalf of ° Wine"! 1 themselves, and others, Importers of Wines into the City of Bristol, w3LS presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have imported, and ordered several Quantities of Portugal Wines, under the Acts in Force, to supply the Deficiency of Spanish; which they would not have done, if they had thought they had been on a precarious Foundation; depending, that when any Importation of SpaniJJo Wines should be permitted, it would be general: And representing to the House, That the Petitioners will suffer great Lo*s by the Bill, if passed into a Law, now-depending before this House, for Liberty to Messieurs Nutfiall, Fydell, Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines into this Kingdom; and that if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, there will be a great Reduction in the Price of Portugal Wines; and that a collusive Trade may be carried on, to the great Prejudice of the Manufactures and Navigation of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may not pass, or that the I louse would grant them such Relief, as to the House 1 dhail Icem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Mcifige from the Lords, by Mr, Burroughs and Mr. Sazvyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Warren's The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by bluice thro* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Gldx , C Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through. Part, of the Glebe belonging to the Redlory of Stockport, in the County of Chester^ruHo use and enjoy the fairie for conveying Water to Stockport Mills: And also,

Xirk hi The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Two for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth-part

Scots. of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pintof Ale and Beer,

\vhich shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

Radcliffe’i The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Radcliffe Esquire,

b\ x

lying in the County of Devon, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Radcliffe’i for Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Radcliffe Efllir- Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, in lieu thereof/ was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the Coun-terfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and See. adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for Manuftfture. the better making of Gold and Silver Thread, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Packer, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr.

Blagrave, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Crew, Sir John Crojje,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Arjcot, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Darner, Mr. Walter, Sir Robert Abdy,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Saville, Mr. Berkeley,

Lord Gage, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Winford, Mr. Ashby,

Mr. West, Mr. Hill, Mr. Watson, Lord Guernsey, Mr.

Bligh, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Br ere ton. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Wigley, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir John Barnard,

Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Coke, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner,

Colonel Fiizroy, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Captain Churchill,

Mr. Conway, Lord Barrington, Mr. Blackett, Mr. White,

Mr. Levinz, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Carezv,

Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Bryan Broughton,

Mr. Hen. Ar. Herbert, Mr. Rennet, Mr. Forester, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Delme, Mr. French,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Jolffe, Mr.

Page, Mr. Downing, Mr. Grove, Mr. Steele, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr Garth, Sir Edward Turner,

Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Neal, Sir Miles Stapylton,

Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Torke, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Smelt,

Mr. Gregory, Mr. John Wynne, Mr. Philips, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir John Glynne, Sir Hum. Howarth, S:r James Grant,

Mr. Grant, Sir Charles Gilmour, Lord Charles Hay, Mr.

Oswald, Lord Strange, Mr. Manfel, Mr. Wentworth,

Mr. Pratt; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, ap- Expiring pointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expir- Law*, ing, and to report their Opinion which of them arc fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Resolutions were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, mide in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Fimjlerre, in Ships built in, and belonging to,

Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1730, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And also an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the said Act, until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for extending that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia in America; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved,

GOOgW

15 Geo. II. \'if Aprilis* 179

Resolvecdy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, End of the then next Session of Parliament; is neatex- Ejpinug

That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his piring, and fit to be continued. Laws‘

present Majesty, intituled, An . Ad to explain, amend, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and render more effectual, an Act passed in the First Year That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for pu- Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for nishing such Perf)iis as shall wilfully and malicioiilly pull the Encouragement of the Silk. Manufactures of this down and destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways or Kingdom, and fot taking off several Duties on Merchan-Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parlia- dizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver ment, for making Rivers navigable: And also an Act, Skins, Pepper, Made, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- and for Importation of ail Furs of the Product of the iefty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more ef- British Plantations into this Kingdom; and that the Two fedual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and Corporations of Assurance, on any Suit brought on their

maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages; relating*

Highways or Locks, or ocher Works erected by Ad of to the Encouragement of the Siik Manufactures of this Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchan-Purposes therein mentioned; which laid Acts expired at dizes exported; whidi were to continue in Force for Threc the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Fif- Years, from the ajth Day of March 1722, and from teenth Day of May 1740; are fit to be revived. thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and which said Clauses, were by an Act, made in the That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued* her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the from the Expiraiion thereof, for Three Years, and from better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament

Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for Seven and by another Act, made in the Second Year of his Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef- present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the lion of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Day of Septmher 1734, and from thence Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the First, was further continued for the Term of Seven which by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef- Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued unlion of Parliament; and which by another.Ad, made in til the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from expiring, and fit to be continued, thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Resolved^ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and which by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of That the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near more effectually preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with expiring, and fit to be continued. Stuffs, to be exported; which said Clauses, were by an

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ad, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present That so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Majesty, to continue in Force to the Twenty-ninth Day Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act against of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another more effectual Preventing of Frauds relating to the Cuf- Ad, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his pretoms, as relates to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Mer- sent Majesty, were further continued until the Twenty-chandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or filth Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of . f . Vessel, in order to be landed or.put into any other Ship, the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring,

Vessel, or Boat; and lb much of the said Act as relates and fit to be continued.

to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and so much of the said Act as provides further Remedies That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clan-, Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts be- destine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection yond the Seas; and so much of the said Act as relates to thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the Brf-Ships outward-bound; and so much of the said Act as re- tljh Plantations, 10 such Regulations as other enumerated lates to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen.of Fifty Commodities, of the like Production, are subject: which Tons, or under; and so much of the said Act as con- was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25 th Day of ccrns the Bales or Package in which the Coffee shall be . March 1721, and from thence to the End of the then exported; and so much of the said Act as relates to Rum next Session of Parliament; which Ad, except a Clause imported in Calks or Vessels, not containing Twenty Gal- obliging all Ships or Vessvls to perform Quarantine, by Ions at the least; and lo much of the said Act as relates to an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Certificate Goods entered, in order to be exported /re- Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration there-land; which said several Clauses contained in the Act of, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the aforesaid, were to continue in Force for Three Years, then next Session of Parliament; which Ad, except the from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quaran-and from thence to the End of the then next Session of tine, was by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Parliament, respectively; and by an Act, made in the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued, from 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September continued from the Expiration of the several and respect 1734* and from thence ro the End of the then next Session tive Terms therein mentioned, for the further Term of of Parliament; and which Ad, except the Clause oolig-Five Years, and from thence ro the End of the then next . ing all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine, was by Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act another Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Ma- his present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day jesty, were further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, fit to be continued.

by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

present Majesty, were furthef continued until the Twenty- That the Clause contained in an Act, made in the Ninth ninth Day of September 1742, and from thence to the and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Vot. 24* William

180

130 Apr

A. 1742*

William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause, after the Exportation thereof, was by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Proviso in the said last Act contained, that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the First, Second, Fourth, and Seventh, of the said Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by die House: And that Mr. Henry Archer and Mr. Philips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they <lo consider the several Acts and Clauses, and the Proviso, mentioned in the other Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

vr*y* \ Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported, from

in ems. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with . the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; both which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Proposal, and the Resolution of the Committee, were read; iand are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Humbly propose,

That their present Fund of £. 100,000. per Annum,

payable out of the of the yd. per Barrel, Excise, being continued to them unto the ift August 174$* they are contented, after that time, to accept £. 3. per -Cent, per Annum for their present Stock of £. 1,600,000.

- together with £. 4,000.. per Annum towards their Charges of Management, hitherto paid them, out of the said -Fund; after which Payments there being a Remainder of £. 48,000. per Annum on the said Fund, they are ready \xo advance£. 1,600,000. at such Times as shall be agreed ‘ upon, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, being allowed a Dif-< count at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, for such Money, from the respective Times of its Advance, until the said ift 1Augufi 1743.

And they humbly further propose. That they be continued a Corporation, with the foie Power of Banking -with the said Fund reierved entire to them for the Term ' of 21'Years, from the said ift of August 1743, with all the Grants, Privileges, and Immunities, they now enjoy, 22

by virtue or in pursuance of their Charter, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament, redeemable afterwards by Parliament, on a Year’s Notice, and Re-payment of £. 1,600,000. formerly advanced, and likewise of the £. 1,600,000. now proposed to be advanced, and all Ar* rears of the£. 100,000. per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which shall be owing to them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which they shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to at the time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid; such Funds, for the Redemption whereof, Provision is already made in any Acts of Parliament now in Force, always and only excepted; they continuing a Corporation, with an exclusive Power of Banking, notwithstanding such Notice given, till all the Money due to the Bank, as aforesaid, shall be paid them.

And they humbly hope,- that they shall obtain such further Privileges and Advantages as shall be necessary for their Security, and such as to this Honourable House shall seem reasonable and fit.

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors,

David Le Gross, Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Supply-That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One Million Six hundred thousand Pounds, upon such’Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be accepted.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-Genera), Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr.

Legge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee of pnxron Secresy, That he was directed by the Committee to ac- ordered into quaint the House, that Nicholas Paxton Esquire, Solicitor Custody for of the Treasury, having been examined by the said Com- pot a»^«r-mittee in the most solemn manner, did refuse to answer ing(^c 10ns* to what had been demanded of him by the said Committee.

And the Journal of the House of the 23d Day of Fe* bruary 173?, was read, in relation to Thomas Ledfe, who being then in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being examined, was, upon a Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation was referred, committed, by Order of the House, close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, for prevaricating in his Evidence before the said Committee:

And the Journal of the House of the 19th Day of August 1715; Was also read, in relation to Thomas Harley Esquire, who being then in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was; upon a Report from the Committee of Secresy, committed, by Order of the House, Prisoner to the Prison of the Gatehouse, for having >prevaricated, when he: was examined* ate the said Committee:: ‘ ,

And the Journal of the House of the 9th and 15th Days of June 1715, in relation to tire several Orders of the House, upon several Motions made by the Chairman of the said Committee, was also read:

; A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, That the said Nicholas Paxton having been: examined by the Committee of Secresy in the most solemn; manner, and refusing to answer to what was demanded of him- by the said Committee, be taken into thfe' Custody of ‘the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided. ’

" The Yeas went forth.

rp,f r .1 v C Sir John Hind Cotton, ~ 7

Tellers for the Yeas, } Mf Southwf *97-

Tellers for the Npes, {uffrZ'yn j^ior.* }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative, -j* . -

Ordered,

Dig, Zed

1

t

ifwsiton

A uol. re

CO

C’l

ton

un>

refe

nigl Hoi

C

Con

and T1

irpiov* Rt

menu. ing 1

ing r Houl

omitr with i r ther 1

Pr a

Act for Chancoun Committ and founi had direct out any the Cleric The fai Refofoeu Ordered\

Lords, anc to the fame

An ingre John Tuite, the foie Pro was read the Resolved, be, An Act tioned, in j and Assigns, him invented Ordered, 1 the Lords, ar,

A Bill to i Esquires, and Devi fees of th deceased, to t; cording to the said Doctor Kh Resolved, Th Dafiwood, Mr. Sir Thomas Dri Sir Thomas Cave ville, Mr. W\t:J Lord $/</. Beauc John Glpn, Lor, Wathin Wms. W Vox,. 24.

2,

of

he

r*

il

ti

Exportation of Wool,

Offices and Errplov-ments.

Beaufort’s, &c. Nat.

Tuite*i

Water

Engine.

wood’s

me.

15 Geo. II. 130 — 14* Aprilis.

Ordered, That the said Nicholas Paxton, while in the said Custody, be not allowed the Uleof Pen, Ink, or Papa; and that no Person be permitted to have Accel's unto him, without the Leave of this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurtherof the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Collump-ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lhurfday Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That Henry Baxter do then attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

ReJ'olvedThat this House will, upon \Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14® die Aprilis;

Anno 15* Georgii IF* Regis, 1742,

Pray eh s.

MR. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Beaufort, John Girardot de Chancourt, and John Cahuac, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling, for a certain Term, in John Tuite, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Water-Engine by him invented, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting, for a certain Term therein mentioned, in John Tuite, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of a Water-Engine by him invented.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable John DaJJiwood and William Payne Esquires, and their respective Ilfuc Male, and other the Devisees of the Ellate of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor King, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Dafnwood, Mr. Phillips, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hamond, Dr. Butler, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Grenville., Mr. Wynford, Lord Gage, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Vyner, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Cor new all. Sir John Glynn, Lord Quarendon, Sir Edward Deer ing. Sir Wat kin Wms. Wynne, Mr. Watson, Sir John Hinde Cot-Vox*. 24.

torts Sir Roger Twiffen, Mr. Carew, Mi*. Cotton, Mr.

Foley, Mr. York, Lord Perceval, Mr. Laroche; and all the Members who serve for the County of Worcester, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act toellablish and confirm Articles of Agreement relating to the Tythes and certain Glebe-Lands within the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Worcester, was lead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Wotton Laund, Walles, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Ma- jncjofurT nor and Parish of Wot ton Underwood, in the County of Bucks, and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo.

Grenville, Sir John Barrington, Sir A. Curzon, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Fox, Sir Edmund Thomas, Nix. Winford, Mr.

Ord, Lord Perceval, Lord George Graham, Lord Deer-hurst, Mr. Crowle,v Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robot Long,

Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Cor new all, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savil/e, Mr. Pley dell, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Watson, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. William Pitt, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Bowes, Lord Dupplin, Lord- Mayor of London, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Philip Mitfgrave, Sir John Chefer, Lord John Sacvi/le, Sir Miles Stapylton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Bucks,

Oxford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom Ledbury the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Roads, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing thcle-veral Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read:

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, containing the Names of Persons appointed to be Commissioners for executing the former and preLnt Act, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Names of several of those Persons; viz. John Bridges of the Races, John Bridges of Ledbury, the Reverend Mr. William Barnes of Marcle,

Charles Barrow of Ledbury, Gentleman, Antiphas Church' of Ledbury, John Drew of Ledbury, John Elton of the Horn-house, William Gregory, William Gregory junior, the Reverend Mr. Timothy Geers, Chandois Hookins, Reverend Richard Hollins of Ledbury, Thomas Higgins, of Eastnor, Reverend Richard Jackson of Farrington, Edmund Philips of Put ley, Welwyn Shepkcard]uo\OT, Reverend John Tra hern of Eastnor, Robert Unett of Evejbach, Richard IVal-wyn, Revererfd Mr. Samuel Wickins, Rector of Stoke Edit/e:

And the Question being put, That John Bridges of the Races (land Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

3 A Tellers

18a

Tellers for the Yeas, j

junior:

\ Mr. Owen, JfMr. OJbaldefton.

Linen imported,&c.

Orders respecting Mr. Paxtpn.

Importation of Spanish Wines.

Pole’s, Sec. ElLte.

Tellers for the Noes;

So it passed in the Negative,

Then Questions being severally put, That the Names of each of the other Persons, so proposed to be left out, stand Part of the said Amendment;

Those Questions severally passed in the Negative.

And another Amendment was made to the said Amendment, by adding the reunto the Words " Henry Bendish " Esquire:"

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ao count of the Quantity of Linens imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734* to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christ-mas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1741, inclusive, distinguishing each Year.

The.Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being calfed upon to inform the House, whether the Order of Yesterday, for taking into his Custody Nicholas Paxton Esquire, had been executed, acquainted the House, That the said Order had been executed; and that the said Nicholas Paxton was now in his Custody.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, bring the said Nicholas Paxton, now a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee of Secresy, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

Ordered, That the Wife of the said Nicholas Paxton have Leave to go to the said Nicholas Paxton, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and to remain with him during the time of his being in the said Custody.

Ordered, That the Wife of the said Nicholas Paxton, while (he shall so remain with her Husband, be not allowed the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person have Access to her, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Secresy have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournments of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and A/i7-ckell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines, be further adjourned till Friday the 30th Day of this instant April.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Foie Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dor jet, for Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Usage of the Country, during the Infancy of Sir John Pole, his only Son, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance in the

140 — 15*

} 89.

} 167.

A. 1742,

said Counties, to be settled, when purchased, to the same Uses as the Premisses devised by his said Will now stand limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place \ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Mo* tion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned ^till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Apr ills;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dorset, for Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Usage of the Country, during the Infancy of Swjohn Pole, his only Son, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands of Inheritance in the said Counties, to be settled, when purchased, to the same Uses as the Premisses, deviled by his said Will, now stand limited, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate, during the ^Minority of his Son Sir John Pole.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Ad$ of Parliament, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there; and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provision of the Poor in the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish , and for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended $ without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over

Hanzve/l

Pole’s. Sec. Estate.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Kingston upon Hull Poor.

St. Catherine Coleman Church*

Tyburn and Uxbridge, See. Roads.

1 H.

742.

t*1e same stand

uCb (l>' hey had f|,e Re. H> with

1 Mo.

Mhe

ipon

the

in-

w

15 Geo. II. 150 A 183

Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western. Road in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Stump-Cross An ingr°fikd Bill for continuing the Powers granted Roads. by Three Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge; another passed in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s f Fegn, fer repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the Third paflTed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, one for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenyns do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, in the room of Sir Charles Embury Baronet, deceased.

Ledbury An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road*. granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third time: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Ad more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tlieii Concurrence.

Colchester Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, Hospiralsand a Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Ninth Poor* and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hof-pitals and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Pi ifoners now confined for Debt Pstiiion. in the Castle, or Gaol, of the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

lirencester. An »ngr0^ Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads, granted by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Town's End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third me.

Resolved, T\\aX. the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Vol. 24.

an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reigd of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cirencester Towns End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Nor borne Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to Or- Certain Offi-der, a Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Mem- *ersexcluded bers of the House of Commons: And the Line was re- b^8 Mcm-ceived; and read the First time.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-Ufhcrof the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Royal Assent his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. w B»H9-

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1742:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horjeshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to the Horse-shoe House:

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and for building a Bridge at Padbury, and making it a County Bridge:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hamvell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in the said County:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Parishionen of the Church of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish; and for making the said Act more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Seals, or One Sixth-part of a Penny Sterling, upon every 6Vo/r Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirk ildy, and Liberties thereof:

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

i&4

15° — 26° Aprilis* 1742.

King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Corredbon, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, foj the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, and the other passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual Provider) of the Poor in the said Town:

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Executin') certain Articles of Agreement made before, and in consideration of, the Marriage of the Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, with the most Honourable Jemima Marclii-oncfs Grey; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An ‘\d to enable George Warren Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, to make a Sluice, or Tunnel, through Part of the Glebe belonging to the Rectory of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and to use and enjoy the iame for conveying Water to Stockport Mills:

An Act for making Articles of Agreement entered into by Amos Meredith Esquire, and Johanna his Wife, as well in her own behalfas in behalf of their Seven Children, all Infants, and by Thomas Asheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son, an Infant, touching the Partition of the Estate of Robert Cholmondeley, late of Holford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, deceased, now remaining unfold, obligatory on the said Infants, and rendering the said Partition effectual and binding to all Parties:

An Act to establiffi and confirm Articles of Agreement relating to the Tythes and certain Glebe-Lands within the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Worcester:

An Act to enable Piercy Wyndham Esquire, and other the Devisees of Henry Earl of Thomond and Viscount Tadcaster, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Obrien, pursuant to the Will of the said Earl of Thomond and Viscount Tad caster:

An Act for enabling William Morden Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Harbord, pursuant to the Delire of Harbord Harbord Esquire, deceased.

An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Arthur late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act for naturalizing Daniil Beaufort, John Girar-dot de Chancourt, and John Cahuac.

Certain Offi- Then the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being cers excluded Members of the House of Commons, was opened by

bdng Men.- Mr speaker.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Sevennight.

Mr. Paxton The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee of committed Secrdy, That he was directed by the Committee to ac-to ewgate. (juajnt House, thar Mr. Nicholas Paxton, Solicitor of the Treasury, having been brought before the said Committee, and being required to answer to what had been before demanded of him by the said Committee, did again refuie to answer thereunto.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Nicholas Paxton, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, having persevered in refusing to answer to what was demanded of him by the said Committee, be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [$*; . }

Tellers forth, Noes,<£ o(fmbr- j 128.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Nicholas Paxton, while so a Prisoner, be not allowed the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person be permitted to have Accels to him. Without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Wife of the said Nicholas Paxton have Leave to go with the said Nicholas Paxton to the said Prison, and to remain with him during the time of his being in the said Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Wife, while she shall so remain with her Husband, be not allowed the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person have Access to her, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Keeper of his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate do, from time to time, bring the said Nicholas Paxton, when he shall be a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee of Secresy, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this Houfo, Colony rf /hewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Georgia. Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to his Papers re- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to giveDirec- fp^ing tions, that there may be laid before this House, a Copy jj,a and*' of the humble Petition and Representation of the Coun- Georgia, cil and Assembly of his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina to his Majesty, dated the 26th of July 1740, upon the then State of the said Province.

Resolved, That an humble Address be preferred to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a Copy of the last Memorial of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Eieaion night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Laws. House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to retrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Offers and night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Employ-House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have ments* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, the 26th Day of this instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Luiue,26° die;

0

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

QRDE RED, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

revived.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sut- indohre ton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Dr. Crane, Rector of the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds of the said Parish, and for securing to the said Rector an. Equivalent for his Tythes arising in the said Parish of Sutton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer Mr. Carew, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. , Sir James Grant, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Legh Master, Mr.

ford.

*74*.

, as P

'ot^esaid

®eof his

0 remain :n> Ink, r» with.

>nol of >o the

lined,

quire

rrant

use, of G^i he

"fe;

- S0Bt3^s

lisaaad

Georgs.

i-5 Geo. II. Aprilis. 185

/or Lord Perceval, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Fane, Mr. PVeft, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Packer, Mr. Bance, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gra«/, Mr. Lifter, Lord «S/V. aBeauclerk, Sir Bruce, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange,

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. IVhichcoie, Mr. Hay, Sir 7o//« Croft\ Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Earle, Dr.Butler, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Boone*, and all the Members who serve for thfc Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Cambridge, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Plvmpton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wrk. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Richard Edgecumbe Esquire, now LordEdge-cumbe, called up to the House of Peers.

Answer to The Lord Sidney Beauclerk reported to the House,

Addrefi. That their Addresses of Thursday the 15th Day of this instant April (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Petition, Representation, and Memorial, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House), had-been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Boone., Mr. Phillips, Mf. Turner, Sir John Crofj'e,

Mr. Bonce, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Master, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Vyner, Lord Perceval, Mr. Proby, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Gore, Mr. Packer,

Mr'. Cornewall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed BfH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Radcliffe’# for Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Radciiffe Estate. Esquire, Jying in the County of Devon-, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Ut’es, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Strange,

Mr. Phillips, Lord Perceval, Sir Thomas Dury, Mr.

Plumer, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr Boone,

Mr. More, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir fames Grant, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Nugent, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Frankland, Mr. York, Lord Sidney Beauclerk,

Mr. Masters, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Selwyn. Sir John Turner,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Packer, Sir John Glynn, Mr. IVinford,

Mr. Strickland, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Whichcote; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, So-merfet, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colony of The House being informed, that Mr. Verelft, Secre-Georgiu. tary to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in:; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by the Trustees for cfitablishing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tables to be perused by the Members of the House.

Earlof An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CtrlingforcTs for vetting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-. Ertate. fartn Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, aj)d elsewhere, in the Kingdom of Ireland* late the Estate of Francis Earl of Carlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. J^afoche, Lord Barrymore, Lord Inchequin, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Lifter, Sir Wat kin Wins. Wynne, Mr. Richard Lifter, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir, John Glynn, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Carew, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Shutileworth; Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir James Grant 1 Mr. Harvey, Mr. James ShuttJeworth, Lqrd Strange, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. MeUish, Mr. French, Earl Granard, Lord Quarretidon, Lord Gage, Colpnel Elliot, Colonel Douglas, General Wade, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. plumer, Me. Fonnereau, Syrjof Penningtont Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Carter, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Manfell, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Moor, Mr. Gybbon> Lord Baltimore, Mr. Ingram, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Shirley\ Sir Robert Long, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Archer, Sir George Downing, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Walker, Mr. Earle, Mr, Grout, Ssvjohn Chester, Mr. Walpole, Mr* Campbell

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Peterboro* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ,

the Electing of a Citizen to serve in -this prtffent Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the room of the Right Honourable William Earl Fitzwi’liam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Fitzwilliam, Baron of Milton, in the County of Northampton, called up to the House of Peers,

The House being informed. That the Committee to scle<5> PaHth whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Vestries, several Pari (lies of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St.

James, St. George Hanover Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parities, was referred, had adjourned from Tuesday the 13th Day of this Instant April, to that Day Three t Weeks.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, notwithstanding the said Adjournment.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty’s Command, Charge of presented to the House, Estimate of the Charge of One Ctfrtail1 Regi-Regiment of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and menls*

Four Regiments of Foot, transferred from the Irish to the English Establishment, for the Year 1742.

And the Title of the said Estimate1 was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

You. 14.

3

186 26° — 27 A^.1742.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Four Regiments of Foot, transferred from the Irijk to the English Establishment, for the Year 1742.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, for 36$ Day3. For *44 Days.

Major-General Ligonier’s Regiment of Horse, confiding of Six Troops, of One Captain* One Lieutenant, One Cornet,.One Quarter-Matter, One Trumpeter, Two Corporals, and 39 private Men in each Troop, Field and Staff Officers included Colonel Bland's Regiment of Dragoons, confiding of Six Troops, of One Captain, One Lieutenant, One Cornet, One Quarter-Matter, One Serjeant, Twq Corporals, One Drummer, One Hautboy, and 39 private Dragoons in each Troop, Field and Staff Officers included Another Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by Brigadier ^General Hamilton, of the like Numbers - 291 291 2S0 ' 582 3,260 £ s. d. 20,707 13 4 14.703 8 4 14.703 8 4 C * d-13,842 18 s 9.829 2 8 9.829 2 8

Colonel Bligh's Regiment of Foot, confiding of Ten Companies, of One Captain, one Lieutenant, One Ensign, Three Serjeants, Three Corporals, Two Drummers, and 70 private Men in each Company, Field and Staff Officers included -Brigadier-General Bragg's, the same -Colonel Johnson's, the same -Brigadier-General Ponfonbys, the same - si5 8<5 8*5 815 15,2*7 9 2 14.217 9 2 15.217 9 2 15.217 9 2 10.172 15 4 10,17a 15 4 10.172 15 4 10,17a 15 4

Total - 4,122 110,984 6 8

Which, for 244 Days, commencing the 25th ofl April 1742, to the 24th of December following, > inclusive, amounts to - - - J

- - - - - £ 74,192 5 4

War-Office, the 26th of April 1742.

Will, Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

. The other Order of the Day being read;

Election The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Laws. whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain

and amend the Laws touching the Elc&ions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; -and that he was by the Committee directed to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 70 die Apr tits;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

A BILL for securing to John Byrom, Matter of Arts, Byrom's the foie Right of publishing, and teaching for Hire, [nve",'on by himself, or such as he shall depute, fora certain Term writing!D of Years, the Art and Method of Short-Hand, invented by him, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Strange, Mr. Carew, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West,

Mr. Leathes, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Edwin, Mr. Kent, Mr. Steele, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr.

Grant, Sir Thomas "Cave, Mr. Coke, Mr. Hen. Bathurst,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cope, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Hayward, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Ord, Mr.

George Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Denton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fere, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Clutter buck. Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr! Kynaston, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Winford. Lord Mayor of London, Alderman Heathcote, Dr. Butler, Sir John Barnard, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Lord Perceval, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Earle,

Mr.. Blagrave, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Bowes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colonel Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Biii frotp the Lords, intituled, An Act for J?UrCOf Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, Eftaw.* and Buildings, at Park-Place, in the Pari lb of St. James, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of

i 5 Geo. II.

of Charles Duke of Grafton, and for settling other Lands to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Comfnittee had d;rt<5led him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

WtftHar- Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom nam sale of the ingrossed Bill Lom the Lords, intituled, An Act for Landi. the Sale of jTwo Closes of Meadow-Ground in West-Harnam, in the County of Wilts, being the settled Estate of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke, and his Heirs; and f>r laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned hud given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Public Ac 7°!* Fujhout presented to the House, according to

counts of the Order, a Bill for taking, examining, and dating the pub-Kingiiom. lie Accounts of the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dafliwood's Sir Francis Dashwood reported from the Committee,

Name. ' to whom the Bill to enable John Dashwood and William Payne Esquires, and their respective Issue Male, and other the Devi fees of the Estate of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor Kingy was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had dirtdled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Protection of Resolved, That this House will, upon Thtirfday Se-

Trade vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole during War. House, upon the Bill for the better protecting and fe-curing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in Times of War.

Office* and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Employments night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 150 Georgii lldl Regis, 1742. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to aLfication. enable James Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord James Cavendish, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himselt for the VOL. 24.

187

Enjoyment of the said Office: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WestHar-for the Sale of Two Closes of Meadow-Ground in nam Sal* of West-Harnam, in the County of Wilts, being the settled Dads. Estate of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to Manuel's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield\ in the County of York, Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Malt on, in the same County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between the Widow and the Daughters and Coheirs of the said James Manuel, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to this Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 11. L. 36. After w every," insert " other.’’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Colrhefter Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Hospitalsand King William the Iild, intituled, An Act for erecting poor* Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Effix, for the better employing and maintaining the Pour thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Mr Saville, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. P ley dell’, Mr^_

Fellowes, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Leve/on Gower, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Smith, Dr. Butler, Dr. Newland, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fane, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Grant, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Joliffe, Sir Aiiles Stapylton, Mr. Wynne, Major Holmes, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Lechmere, Lord Strange, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Dr ax. Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Wilkinson, Sir John Chester, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Strode,

Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Carter, Sir John Glynn,

General St. Clair; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Essex; and all the Gentlemen of the Long-Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply*, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Four Regiments of Foot, transferred from the Irijft to the Englishi Establishment, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself intQthe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

27* — 28° Aprilis.

188

z8* — 29° Aprilis.

A. 1742'

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways The Order of the Day being read,'for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolveitself into the said Committee.

Certain Offi- A Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Mem-

cers excluded hers of the House of Commons, was, according to Order, being Mem- & SeCQnd tjme

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself; into a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

EJe&ion

Laws.

The other Order of the Day being read Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 Aprilis;

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Castles, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Doivne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for railing (after the Death of the said Viscount), the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, his Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bligh, Mr. IVinford, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr French, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. Carew, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lifter, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Perceval, Mr. Gray, Mr. Saville, Mr. West, Lord Gage, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Page, Mr. Grove, Mr. Steele, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Levinz, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Rennet, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hooper, Lord Gvernfey, Dr. Butler, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Brown, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Martin, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Boone, Mr. Rowney, Lord Strange, Mr. Wright, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Lawn, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wotton-Underwood, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties ton-cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tore-port to the House; and he read the Report in his, Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Commirtee so the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Lord

Blundell*!

Estate.

Wotton-

Underwood

ladoiure.

Prayers.

Duke of \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grahoi/s for Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground,

ate- Messuages, and Buildings, at Park-Place, in the Parish of St. James, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton; and for settling other Lands to the same Uses, in lieu thereof: was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Earl of Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Ciriifle’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to im-Coal- Work*. power Henry Earl of Car life, to make Leases of Coal-Mines and Coal-Works, lying within his settled Estates, in the County of Northumberland, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, Panting according to Order, a Bill for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of G^n^wder. Gunpowder in or near Cities and Towns: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manuel’s for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Estate. in Great Driffield, in the County of York, Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Malton, in the feme County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Widow and the Daughters and Coheirs of the said James Manuel,' was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Dashwood and tVII- Dafliwood’. liam Payne Esquires, and their respective Issue Male, and Nam«. other the Devisees of the Estate of John King, Doctor

15 Geo. IL 29°

in Divinity, deceased, to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of tho Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor King; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John Dashyvood and William Payne Esquires, and their respective issue Male, and other the Devisees of the Estate of John King, Doctor in Divinity* deceased,. to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Di region of the Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor King.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Dashwood do carry the Bill* to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. i

Importation A Petition of the several subscribing Merchants,.

of Spanish Traders, and Importers of Wines, into the antient Town Wines. and port Qf Southampton, in behalf of themselves and* the re ft of the Dealers in Wine, in Great Britain, prese rred to the Ho use, and read; alleging, That as the Legislature, soon after the Commencement of the present War with Spain, thought fit, by Act of Parliament, to prohibit, during the said War, the Importation into Great Britain of Wines, and other Goods, of the Product of any of the Territories of the King of Spain, in Europe, after certain Times by the said Act prescribed, the Petitioners, upon Presumprion of the Continuance of the said Act, and upon Expectation that other Wines would he wanted to supply the Place of Spanish Win§s, have already imported, and have song finee given Qrdfra, for the shipping of much larger Quantities of White ifyr-tugal Wines than usual; anc} that (as the Petitioners foresee if the Bill, now expending in this House, for Mef-; sieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be great Sufferers by the Markets being Applied with the said Spanish Wines, and their own Portugal Wines left on their Hands unfold), the Petitioners, conceive it will be a great. Hardship upon them, and all other fair Traders in Portugal Wines, a great Discouragement to that valuable Branch of Trade, the Trade tp Portugal, and a great Prejudice to the Navigation of this Kingdom; but that it will be an Advantage to the particular Persons only who own those Wines, which are designed by the said Act to bq imported; and who, for Reasons unknown to the Petitioners, have neglected to make Application for such Liberty of Importation for almost Two Years, and thereby made room for many Frauds and Impositions, which they apprehend cannot be sufficiently guarded against; and thatjthp said Act having been ordered into this House, near Six Months before it became in Force, the Petitioners conceive there can be no room for any Merchants to plead Surprize in point of Time, as to the giving, or forbearing,:Orders for importing Spanish Goods: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration* and that the said Bill, calculated for the Benefit of a few Persons only, and tending, as the Petitioners believe, to the Prejudice of all other Traders in Wines, in these Kingdoms, may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Linen A Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of tanufactures. London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Manufactures of Linens have of late Years been greatly improved, and coofiderably increased, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, whereby the Prices of all Sorts of Linens have been greatly reduced, and great Numbers of Poor have been employed*, which Manufactures cannot be further extended without the Aid of the Legislature: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. Vpj.. 24.

Aprilis* 189

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cop-sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refdlved, That this House will, upon fuefddy Morning next* resolve itfolf' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mariiifadurdrs and principal Dealers

In Linen within the Burgh of Perth, North Britain, in ®*anu behalf of themselves* and many others* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Lirieri is the ’ staple Manufacture.of f4orth Britain, whereby great Numbers of his Majesty's Sbbjeds are, and many more' might; be, employed and (ubfifted: That by the Progress already made in this Manufacture, considerable Sums have been prevented from being sent to Foreign Parts’: ;That by properly encouraging thereof, much larger Sums might be annually fa ved to the Nation; the Pbor, in Read of being burthensome, or obliged to go to Other Countries for Bread, might be rendered useful at Home* the Consumpt of the Produce 6f our Lands, and df Woollens, and other Manufactures, chiefly supplied froth South Bri-( tain, would greatly increase, in a Way that no Foreign Nation could Idifappbintiis of, and a confidefable Addition would be ftiade to the publick Revenues: That the Inhabitants of the Foreign Linen Countries have greatly the Advantage of his Majesty’s Subjects, by having been long in Possession of these Manufactures, by the Chqap-ness of* FlaX, and by all their Materials for Whiteiung* being Dutyfree; through which, and by allowing the Duties on Foreign Linen, to a Trifle, to be drawn back at Exportation’, even to our Colonies, Foreigners have had the foie or principal Benefit of pur Plantations irt this great Article, and the British and Irijk are in a great Measure cut off from this their only and natural Market Abroad: That by difeontmuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen, carried tp our American Settlements, the prefenc great Spiritfof prompting this Manufadurq would be preserved, and enlarged; and as the Increase of oqr Home Manufadutes has, within these Ten or Twelve Years, reduced the Price of Foreign Linens from Ten to Fifteen per Cent. there i^gdod Ground to believe, that, with this Encouragementy such further Improvements may be made as that his: Majesty’s Subjects, in a few Years, would be cheaper fopplied than at present \ and that there would be little or no Occasion for importing Foreign Linen: That it is not to be expected the British and Irish will ever ardently and! effectually apply themselves to the extending this Manufacture till they are frffured of a Market, and put on a better Footing than Foreigners:

And therefore praying the House to take the Pretpife* into Consideration, and to give such Encouragement to this Staple as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-ffderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others. Dealer^ in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord to enable James Cavtndish Esquire, commonly called Lord Cavendish#i James Cavendijli, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according tp Oi^ef* Alton a Bill for dividing and inclosing, setting out and allof- Cantlow ting, certain common Fields and Inclosures within the l&dofiu*. Manor and Parish of Aston Cant low, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time*

3 C The

190

19* — 30° Jprilis.

A> 174a.

Wool carried The House being informed, That Mr. John Player, Coastwise. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this House, of the Second Day of this instant April, with an Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn, that hath for Seven Years last past been put on board any Ships or Vessels, to be carried Coast-wife from one Port to another, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and re-landed again; distinguishing each Year, and the several Ports from which such Wool and Yarn were put on board, and where re-landed; viz, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1741.

£nd then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inha* bitants, of the Town of Customptpn9 in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Supply. Mr. Francis Faney according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whoqn it was re-, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llesolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Bejolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not. exceeding Seventy-four thousand One hundred and Ninety-two Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One Regiment of Horse, Two Regiments of Dragoons, and Four Regiments of Foot, transferred from the Irish to the British Establishment, for the Year 1742.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telien for the Yeas, J l8°-

; * No«,g'r. } *.

‘ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Enqvriry in Earl of Or-ford’i Conduit.

r. The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secreijfr acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to inform ihe House, That the Committee, in the Course of their Enquiry, find themselves under a Necessity to examine, in the most solemn Manner, several Members of this House; viz. Charles Hanbury Williams, Peter Barrel, and John Briftow9 Esquires:

And the said Members (landing up in their Places, severally informed the House, that they were willing at any time to attend the Committee, and to be examined in the most solemn Manner.

Call of the House.

Leave of Absence.

Importation of Wool.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of CuUomptony in the County of Devon, whose

Names are thefcUrtto subscribed, and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejirlvedy That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Customptony in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Verier is y 30° die Apr ills;

Anno i j0 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Manufacturers and principal Linen Dealers in Linen within the Town of Montrofey in Maimfadura behalf of thtmselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the Bbrough of Aberbrothock% in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen withitf the Town of Brechin, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers . in Linen within the Town of Bervie, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the City of GlasgoWy in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alledging, That Linen is the Staple Manufacture of North Britain; whereby great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects are, and many more might be, employed and subsisted: That, by the Progress already made in this Manufacture, coftsiderable Sums have been prevented from being sent to Foreign Parts i ! That, by properly encouraging thereof, much larger Sums might be annually laved to the Nation; the Poor, instead of being burthensome, or obliged to go to other Countries for Bread, might be rendered useful at home; the Consumpt of the Produce of Lands, and of Woollens and other Manufactures, with which the Petitioners are chiefly supplied from South Britain, would greatly increase, in a Way that no Foreign Nation could disappoint us of, and a considerable Addition would be made to the publick Revenues; and that the Inhabitants of the Foreign Linen Countries have greatly the Advantage of his Majesty’s Subjects, by having been long in Possession of these Manufactures, by the Cheapness of Flax, and by all their Materials for Whitening being Dutyfree; through which, and by allowing the Duties on Foreign Linen, to a Trifle, to be drawn back at Exportation, even to our Colonies, Foreigners have had the foie or principal Benefit of our Plantations in this great Article, and the British and Irish are in a great measure cut off from this their only and natural Market Abroad; and that, by discontinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen carried to our American Settlements, the present great Spirit for promoting this Manufacture would be preserved and enlarged; and that as ttfe Increase of our Home Manufactures has, within these Ten or Twelve Years, reduced the Price of Foreign Linens from Ten to.

Fifteen

V

1$ Geo. It

Jo* Apritis.

Fifteen per Cent, there is Ground to believe, that* And then the Messengejs withdrew, with this Encouragement, such further Improve-1

ments may be made, as that his Majesty’s Subjects An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act at Home and Abroad, in a few Years, would be for veiling the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, cheaper supplied than at present; and that there in the County of Leicester± in Trustees* to be sold, and would be little or no Occasion for importing Foreign for applying the % Money arising by such Sale for dif-Linen: That it is not to be expected, the British charging the Incumbrances affecting his festate in the and Irish will ever ardently and effectually apply County of Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of themselves to the extending this Manufacture, till the Leicestershire Estate, and to the same Uses, was read they are assured of a Market, and put on a better the First time.

Footing than Foreigners: And therefore praying Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the House to take the Premises into their Consider-

ation, and to give such Encouragement to this Ordered, That the Petition of Ralph Barrow and Ed-

Staple as to the House shall seem meeti ward Barrow, of dforthwich, in the County of Chester,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be which was presented to this House upon the 15th Day referred to the Confederation of the Committee of of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider referred to; the Consideration oTa Committee: And that of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manu- Fast contained in the said Petition: fast uses of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Fane, Mr*

in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Plumptre, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gild art. Lord Dupplin,

Linens in the said Kingdoms. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Advocate of

Scotland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Neal, Mr. Digby, Mr. Clutter-Wotttm Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming buck, Mr. Ord, Sir James Grant, Sir Edmund Isham,

Underwood the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Turner, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Charles Jodofurcv mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Mordaunty Mr. Philips,. Mr. Carew, Mr. Gray, Mr. \ common Fields, Lawn, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, Saville, Mu Wodekoufe,'Mr, Grenville, Mr. West, Mr. within the Manor and Parish of Wotton Underwood, in Lyttelton, Mr. Brei-eton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Lord the County of Bucks, and For the making effectual certain Perceval, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Yorke, 'Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Exchanges therein mentioned, was committed, be now Winford, Sir John Glynne, Sir John Barrington, Lord read. Deerhurst; and all the Members who serve for the

And the said Order being read accordingly; Counties of Chester, Laticafler, and Worcester: And they

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, iii the said Report: And the Residue of the Amendments, the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally for Persons, Papers, and Records, read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, A Petition of Thomas Sharp, of London, Lacemari* agreed to by the House. was presented to the House, and read representing to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the House, That although the Scope of the Bill brought

ingrossedi .---.V into this House, to prevent the Frauds committed by the

' Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and

Montague: for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread, as it

Mr. Speaker, now stands, seems to be calculated for the Benefit of the

Buck's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gold and Silver Trade in general; yet there are several Estate. confirming certain Estates in the County of Hertford, Matters therein contained, which, as the Petitioner api-heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck Baronet, de- prehends, will not only be prejudicial to his Majesty’s

ceased, to the Trustees of Fulke Greville Esquire, during Revenue, but also greatly detrimental to the Interest of

his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, difeh^rged the.Petitioner, and a great Number of other hi* M£-from the Equity of Redemption, which the infant, Son jesty’s trading Subjects: And therefore praying, That he , and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, may have Leave to be heard against such Parts of the said and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due there- Bill, in such manner as to the House fhalhfeem meet, on; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

Harveys The Lords have passed a: Bill, intituled, An Act for committed: And that the Petitioner, if he shall think

fcfcue. vesting the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, in fit, be heard, by himself, before the said Committee, ac-

the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for cording to the Prayer of the said Petition, applying the Money arising by such Sale for discharging Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-the Incumbrances affecting his Estate in the County of mittee, That they do admit such of the Petitioners for Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of the Leicester- the said Bill, as shall think fit, to be heard, by them-shire Estate, and to the same UfeS: To which the Lords selves, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, against the said Petition.

Knightly's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of certain Estates of Valentine Knightly Esquire, in An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

the County of Northampton; and for settling another to impower Henry Earl of Carlisle to make Leases of Coal-

Estate in the same County to the same Uses, in lieu there- mines, and Coal-works, lying within his settled Estates in 'of: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this the County of Northumberland, for any Term not ex-House: And also, ceeding Ninety-nine Years, was rfcad the Third time.

Bentley’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Bequest for confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees of Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the

Charitable the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley, Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth-part of Fichet's to the fame, without any Amendment.

Field, in the County of Middlesex, to the surviving Af-

signees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to against William Hammond, late of Change-Alley, London, whom the Bill for making the Town of Stowerbridge, Goldsmith and Banker, deceased: To which the Lords in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the desire the Concurrence of this House. Parish of Oldjwinford\ in the said County; and for

Vol. 24. making

Harvey'i

Estate.

Remitting Duty on Salt damaged.

Geld Lacl;

See.

Manufacture*

fcirl of Oarlille’s Coal-works*

Stowerbridge

Farish.

L»OOQ LC

V

192

30° Apr

A. 1742

Stowerbridge making a Provision for the Minister of the said new FariA. Parish and for settling the Right of Prefontation to the Church thereof; was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Town of Stowerbridge, and Parish of Oldfwin-ford, and also the Petition of several of the Freeholders in the said Town and Parish, who have a Right of Common in Short-Heath, and other the Commons belonging to the Freeholders in the said Town and Parish (which Petitions were severally referred to the said Committee); arid had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel* and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the 6id Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Ordinary, the Patron of the Rectory of the Parish-Church of Oldfivinford, the Rector of the said Parish-Church, and rart of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Town of Stowerbridge, had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved, That so much of the Statute of Merton, as impowers the Lords of Manors to approve Part of their Wastes against their Tenants, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion being made. That the said Report do lie upon the Table

It was thereupon moved, That the same be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next:

And the Question being put. That the said Report do lie upon the Table

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telia, for the Yeas{m'. g'TgwvM s.} '34'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ditto. A Petition of several Freeholders, having a Right of Common in, over, and upon, a certain Common, called Short-Heath, and its Appurtenances, in the Township of Stowerbridge, and of other Freeholders having Right of Common in other common or waste Land in the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the County of Worcester^'vCo its Appurtenances, and also of several Inhabitants of the said Town of Stowerbridge and Parish of Oldjwinford, was presented to the House, and read* representing to the House, That the Petitioners have considered the Bill now depending before this House, for making the Town of Stowerbridge, in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the said County and for making a Provision for the Minister of the said new Parish and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof; and the several Clauses of which the same con-fists, with the Amendments from whence only the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, if the same should pass into a Law, all the Petitioners, the Freeholders, will be deprived of their Rights of Common and as well they, as the Petitioners, the Inhabitants, will thereby likewise be burthened with several Rates and Payments, which at present they are not liable to; and that all the Petitioners,

I as well as others, will sustain these and other great In* juries, if this Bill shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration: And

that ^he Petitioners, if they shall think fit, be then heard* by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the feme time in favour of the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Stevens, Agent for, and in behalf Misappli-of, the People of Georgia in America, was presented to the cation of House, and read representing to the House, That by Money in virtue of Letters Patent, bearing Date the Ninth Day of Georgia, 1 June 1752, a large Tract of waste Land, bounded to the Northward on the River Sevannah, and by the Province of South Carolina, and to the Southward on the River Alatamaha, was granted to certain Persons incorporated by the Name of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, for the Purposes and Intentions therein mentioned and that, in pursuance thereof, large Sums of Money have been granted by Parliament, several private Donations and Contributions have been made, and Numbers of Gentlemen have adventured on their own Expence, while many industrious poor Persons were font over by the Trustees, to improve and cultivate the Colony on their Scheme* and that the Failure of this Scheme, which has been found to be utterly impracticable, has been properly represented, from time to time, to the Trustees, and necessary Alterations recommended and petitioned for, near Seven Years; and through a Refufel of these Alterations, and Mifepplication of the publick Money, great Delays in discharging the Debts due from the Trustees to the People, and many Abuses in the Civil Power, the Colony is so greatly reduced, both in the Number and Condition of its Inhabitants, as to be incapable of fulfilling his Majesty’s most gracious Designs in establishing it, unlefe such present Red refs be found for the injured People, and such Means procured for their Encouragement, as may concur with the natural Fertility of the Soil, the commodious Situation of the Province, and its excellent Harbours for Trade, to answer the generous Purposes of an effectual Establishment:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolvcdx That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to Papers their Addresses to his Majesty, Copy of the humble Petition and Representation of the Council and Assembly linaand^ of the Province of South Carolina to his Majesty, July a 6, Georgia.

1740: And also,

Copy of the Memorial of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, to his Majesty.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies arc bound up with the other Papers

of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being Tead accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read

The

*741.

".khiiffc

:Jto the o? hat

to the >vince River rated lIony ions

arge

era!

eir

?re

1C

is

15 GeO. II. 30° Aprilis. — 30 Mail. 193

Inaportatioa The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun-Wine. upon the Bill to impower Messieurs Nut hall, Fydell, and Mitchelland certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard:

And the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition for the said Bill was referred, was read:

And the Counsel for the Bill having examined several Witnesses;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Bill examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Knightly’s And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for Sale of certain Estates of Valentine Knightly Esquire, in the County of Northampton, and for settling another Estate in the same County, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 die Maii;

Anno 15* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1741. Prayers.

Buck's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. /V for confirming certain Estates in the County of

Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck Baro-

net, deceased, to the Trustees of Fulke Greville Esquire, during his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, discharged from the Equity of Redemption, which the infant Son and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Foreign The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from

Linens im- the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

J£rtcrdtejnd He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

p0r House the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs

to several Orders of this House, of the 14th Day of April last, with an Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all Foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported from England to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; dif tinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie

Vol. a*.

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Radcliffe’* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Rddcliffe Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Morice, Mr. White, and Mr. Earl of Car-Lamb, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed lingford’s Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Estate‘ Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Francis Earl of Carling* ford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers Linen Main Linen within the Burgh of Sterling, in North Britain, nufatturen. in behalf of themselves, and many others; And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Counsellors of the Burgh of Queensferrie: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Members of Council, and other principal Dealers in Linen within the Bur ghof Dunfermline, in behalf of themselves, and many others:

And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the City of Inverkeithin, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the Town of Dyfert, in behoof of themselves. and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the Burgh of Bruntisland, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the Town of Kirkaldie, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Council, and principal Dealers in Linen within the Town of Renfrew, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers in Linen within the Borough of Dundee\ in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally prefenced to the House, and read; setting forth the Increase of the Linen Manufacture in North Britain, and the publick Benefit arising the reby; and alleging. That the same may be further improved, by discontinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give such Encouragement to this Staple as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

The Lord Perceval, from the Committee to whom Select Parish the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Pa- Vestries. rishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St, Anne, St. James%

3 D St, George

t

i94

IV. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report relating to the said Parishes of St. Martin and St. Anne; which they had directed him to make to the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1742.

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of the Petition of Thomas Stevens, (who (tiles himsell Agent for the People of Georgia) to his Majesty, dated March the Twenty-sixth, 1742, with the Answer of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, thereto, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

3* — 40 Mail.

Importation; APetition of the Merchants, whoseNamesaresubscribed, °^Wwes^ ImPorters of Wines into the Port of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the House having, so long ago as the Month of December 1739, ordered in a Bill to prohibit Commerce with Spain, which received the Royal Afient on the 29th of April 1740, the Petitioners, at high Freights and Insurances, have imported* and given Orders for, considerable Quantities of Portugal and other Wines, in Confidence that, during the present War, no Spanish Wine could be imported after the 24th June 1740, the Time limited for that Purpose: That a Bill being now depending in the House to enable Messieurs Nut hall, Fydell, and others, to import, from neutral Ports, certain Quantities of Spanish Wines, the Petitioners apprehend, that, if it should pals into a Law, there will be a great Reduction in the Price of white Wines imported from Portugal, and of late from Madeira, Sicily, and other Places, and a collusive Trade may be carried on, to the great Prejudice of the Naviga-. tion and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the Loss of the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners.may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Uolford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Brooke’s , The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to pre-unacy* vent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ledbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

Cirencester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roadt. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roadsiigading from Cirencester Town’s End to St. John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Brooke’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Lunacy, prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from alien-_ ing or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of Car- Ordered, That Mr. Ellis be added to the Committee,

UngfortTa to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate, Act for vesting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere, in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Francis Earl of Carlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Pur-, poses therein mentioned; is committed.

Colony of Evolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Georgia, 24

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ek&ion Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the awl’ Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Eieftions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receiver the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Stowerbridge Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom parife* the Bill for making the Town of Stowerbridge, in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of Oldfwinford, in the said County; and for making a Provision for the Minister of the said new Parish; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof; was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon ThurJ-day next, at Twelve of tlA Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {T; ^y/tdfo: } ' °9-

Tellers for the Noes, Carew. } 27

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *QtJ Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MartiSj 40 die Mali;

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Manufacturers and principal Linen Ma-Dealers in Linen within the City of Aberdeen, in be- nufa&urcs. half of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, the Benefit that does and will arise to the Nation by the Improvement of the Linen Manufacture, which is one of the chief Manufactures of North Britain: And alleging. That difeon-tinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen carried to our American Settlements, will be a proper Encouragement of the said Manufacture: And therefore: praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and

give

GOOgfe

'742.

?ive ft. livens, !a) to his the 'tony of ouse,

1to his of his

nto a *f the U Slec* irlia-the

ey

i-

t,

i i

Stotrir,

hi

15 Geo. II. 40 195

give such Encouragement to tljis valuable Branch of Ma- Nath. Curzon, Dr. Butler, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edmund nufaclures as to the House shall seem meet. . Isham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gray* Mr.. Grove, ^Ir./.G?-,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- «o//y, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Plumpire,. Mr. Lambe, Mr. sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom Bankes, Mr. Finch, Mr. Grant, iSJlr.Pryfc* Mr. Yorke, it, is referred to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Sir John Peachy, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr* Denton, Merchants of the City of London, and others. Dealers in Mr. Manfell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. /Vo£y, Mr. Tange, \ the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Mr. Page, Mr. Craigie, Mr. Dundas, Sir J,acob BouA Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers verie, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ship pen, Mr. Charlton, 'Mr/, of Linens in the said Kingdoms. . Fenwick, Brigadier Onslow, Mr French, Mr.

worth, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Cavey Lord Barrington^ Alton A Bill for dividing and inclosing, setting out, and allot- Mr. Cope, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Steele, ting, certain common Fields and Inclosures within the Mr. Bristow, Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Robert Williams nc ure. jvianor and Parish of Aston Cantlow, in the County of Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gwynne, Lord Strange, Sir' Roger

Wirwick, was read a Second time. Burgoyne, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Tempest, Lord Perce-r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Sir val, Mr. Levinz; and all the Members who serve for thej James Grant, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Powney, Mr. Shuttle- Counties of Leicester, Surrey, and Dorset: And they are’, worth, Mr. Coke, Nit. Pitt, Mr. Grant, Mr. Abercrom- to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in thct bie, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Mr. White, Speaker’s Chamber. f,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Price,. Sir Robert Abdy, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Lambe, Dr. Butler, Sir Edmund confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees of Isham, Lord Barrington, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hervey, the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Saville, Mr. Wigley, Lord; Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth-part of Fitchews. Chetwynd, Mr. Fouriereauj Mr. Young \ and all the Mem- Field, in the County of Middlesex, to the surviving Aifig-bers who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Sussex, and nees under the Commission - f bankruptcy awarded against the Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet this After- William Hammond, late of Change-Alley, London, Gold-noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. smith and Banker, deceased, was read the Fir’ft time..'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.*

Debtor* A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors imprisoned

Petition, in the County-Gaol of Salop, was presented to the House, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying for Sale of certain Estates of Valentine Knightly Esquire, ‘Belief. in the County of Northampton, and for lettling another

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Estate in the same County, to the same Uses, in lieu

thereof, was read a Second time.

Earl of Mr. Larouche reported from' the Committee, to whom Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Carlingior/* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir James

£lute* veiling all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee- Grant, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Robert Fenwick, Mr,

farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the Nugent, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Carew,

several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and else- Mr. Pratt, Sir Edmund Ifliam, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Yorke,

where in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Sir John Rufliout, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. James Grenr Francis Earl of Carlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be ville, Mr. William Leveson Gower, Mr. tlanbury Williams, fold for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Coke, Lord Perceval, Lord therein mentioned; was committed, That the Commit- Harry Powlet, Mr. Cope, Mr. Winford, Mr. Hooper, tee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Wigley, Lord of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland Vere Bertie, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Rowney, Sir Charles Wynd-

before any private Bill relating to Estates there be-brought ham. Lard Dupplin, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. South-

in, had been complied with; and that the Committee well, Mr. Proby, Ms. Walter, Mr. Phillips, Sir Ed~

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ward Deering; and all the Members who serve for the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Counties of Northampton and Bucks: And they are to meet

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the this Afternoon at Ewe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Committee; and that the Committee had gpne through Chamber, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

they had directed him to report to the House; and he An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the corn-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered mon Fields, Lawn, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds,

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: within the Manor and Parish of Wot ton Underwood, in

Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual cer-

viz. tain Exchanges therein mentioned; was read the Third

Pr. 5. L. 3. Leave out <c Viscount." time.

L. 22. Leave out u Dowager.’* Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

L. 23. After " other," insert " annual." be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common

Pr. 13. L. 37. After " claim," insert "or could or Fields, Lawn, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within

" might have had claimed or been intitled." the Manorand Parish of Wotlon Underwood, in the County

L. 38. Leave out " hereby veiled." of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges

The said Amendments being severally read a Second therein mentioned, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville do carry the Bill agreed to by the House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Harvey’* An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. for veiling the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Radcliffe Esquire, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, and lying in the County of Devon, and for laying out the Mo-for applying the Money arising by such Sale for discharg- niesariling from such Sale in the Purchase ot other Lands ing the Incumbrances affecting his Estate in the County in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled of Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of the Lei- to the same Ufts, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time. cestershire Estate, and to the same Uses, was read the Se- Resolved, That the Bill do pass. cond time. Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew% Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Sir James Grant, Sir John AJlley, Mr, Walter, Sir to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 24. The

Bentley* Bequest lor Charitable Uses.

Knightly’*

Estate.

Wotton

Underwood

Inclosure.

Radcliffe's Jilt ate.

4° Mail.

A. 174a.

SelcA Parish. Vestries*

The Lord Perceval, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred, the Matter of which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, relating to the said Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields and St. Anne; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, to avoid that Confusion which mud have arisen in a blended Enquiry, as well as to distinguisti those Parishes in which the greatest Errors might be found, from such as might deserve less Censure, determined to consider the Allegations of the Petitioners with respect to each Parish distinctly: Under which Determination of the Committee, the Agents for the Petitioners readily acquiesced; observingonly, that as the several Parishes had united in one Complaint, they did not take upon them to prove the full Allegations of that Complaint separately in each Parish, but in all the Parishes taken^together, which were named in the Petition.

The Committee then proceeded upon the Parish of St. Martin: And Mr, Shute and Mr. Adder ley, Agents for the Petitioners in that Parish, first undertook to prove, that the Vestry assessed and levied the Watch Rate; in Support of which Allegation, they produced the Watch Rate of the Year 1740, signed by several of the Vestry, whose Hands were proved by Mr. Middleton Collector, and Mr. William Godfrey Vestry-Clerk of the said Parish.

The latter of whom being examined concerning the Method of making the Rates, said, that heuiually made out the Rate from that of the former Year, leaving Blanks for the Sums to be charged upon the respective Inhabitants; which Blanks are afterwards filled up by the Vestry: That these Rates were always cast up before the Justices signed them; and that no Alterations were made in them after they are so signed; which was in about a Week after the Rate has been made, as aforesaid.

Whereupon the Agents for the Petitioners produced the Watch Rate for Drury-Lane and Long-Acre Ward, of 1741; in which Books, not a Angle Page was added together; from whence the Managers presumed the Rates may have been left open in former Years, till the Collection was ended.

To this Head, the Petitioners likewise produced the Book of Vestry Orders for the said Parish; wherein it appeared, that a Committee of Vestry was appointed September 21ft, 1725 (a), to examine the Poors Rate, and to make it more equitable, and to rectify it; and that it was there resolved, That Twelve Pence in the Pound must be raised for the Relief of the Poor in that Parish for the Year ensuing: And your Committee desiring to be informed, whether the Practice had been the same in latter times, an Order of Vestry was produced from the same Book, dated April the 7th, 1740 /^,resolv4ng the Rate ior the Poor should be at Eight Pence in the Pound: And it appeared further, that, on the 23d of the same Month (c), the said Resolution was read; and, upon further Consideration, was repealed by the Vestry, and by them increased to Ten Pence.

The Committee then calling for the Rates for the Poor, which were made in consequence of these Orders of the Vefty, it appeared, that the said Rates were entered as if made in a legal Manner, being said to be assessed by the Rector, Churchwardens, and some of the antifent Inhabitants, and signed by Two Justices, according to the Form prescribed by the Act of the 43d of Elizabeth. And,

Mr. William Godfrey, the Vestry Clerk, being called in, was required to inform the Committee, whether a public Notice was always given to the proper Officers and Inha-

(a) Appendix N° 1. (b) Appendix N° a. (c) Ibid.

Nf 3.

bitants to meet for the Making of the Poor’s Rate, as the Law requires i he said, That such Notice was constantly given. Being asked, Whether the Inhabitants did attend by virtue of that Summons ? he laid. They did. But being further questioned, Whether, by Inhabitants, he meant the Inhabitants at large, or only such Inhabitants as were of the feled Vestry? he acknowledged, they were only such as were Members of the Vestry; and that no others attended, as he remembers, except in the Year 1740, when the Disputesat Law arose between the Parish and the Vestry. Being then asked. Why the other Inhabitants did not attend ? he answered, Because the Vestry, being a select Vestry, thought they only were intended by the Word Inhabitants.

He confessed, the Vestry proposed and settled the Poor’s Rate, before it was offered to the Justices to sign. And being asked, If this Rate, when once settled by the Vestry, was ever, in any Instance, altered afterwards by the Juf-rices ? he said, Never, except in one Instance, and that was in the Year 1740, after the Parish had contested their Rights at Law with the Vestry.

Mr. Miller, a Justice of the Peace, being examined, informed the Committee, That he had been frequently at the Vestry, when they made the Poor’s Rate; and he was the only Justice of the Peace present.

Mr. Fabrie being examined, as to the levying the said Rates, said, That he was distrained, by an Order of the select Vestry, for Non-payment of the Watch Rate: That about September or October 1 740, being summoned to attend the Vestry upon this Account, he demanded. Whether they fat there as a Vestry, or as a Petty Sessions ? they answered. As a Vestry. He then complained of the Rate; and they told him, they would distrain him, if he did not pay. He said, that it was an illegal Rate, because there were many Erafements in it, many were over-rated, many under-rated, and many not rated at all. The Vestry then told him. If he would swear that he had been over-rated, they (the Vestry) would reduce him: But he told them, they could not legally alter the Rate, after it had been signed by the Justices. He therefore refused to swear. But that while he was with the Vestry, many other Persons offered their Complaints, and were sworn in his Presence s and that thereupon the Vestry ordered they should be reduced; and that he saw the Vestry-Clerk at that time alter the Rate, in pursuance of the said Orders of the Vestry.

Mr. Phillips, a Grocer, being examined, said. That upon looking into the Rate, observing himself rated more than he ought to have been, he complained, and was told, he should appeal to the Vestry; which he did: That Mr. Turner, the Laceman, and a Vestry-man, treated him at first in an over-bearing Manner; but, after some Discourse, he, the said Turner, ordered the Vestry-Clerk to alter the Rate in his favour; which he did; and he was accordingly reduced from £. 40. to £. 35; and that only one Justice of the Peace (Mr. Frazier) was present at this Meeting of the Vestry.

Mr. Thomas Middleton, the Collector, being examined as to the Method of levying the Watch Rates, acknowledged, that when Persons complained of being over-rated, the Vestry verbally gave him Leave (going with the Churchwarden or the Vestry-Clerk, the former of whom he looks upon as the Umpire of the Vestry) to collect less than the Rate, after it was signed by the Justices; but that he has no written Order for that Purpose. And being asked, what the Abatement might generally be? he said. That, as to the Watch Rate in particular, it amounted to about £. 1,400 per Annum; but that he collect ed not above £. 1,000. Being the ndefired to inform the Committee, in what manner he made those Abatements ? he laid, He did it by a Mark upon a blue Leaf, which was kept in the Book for that Purpose. And being further questioned, to whom he gave in his Accounts, and from whom he received his Acquittal ? he said, He delivered them to the Vestry-Clerk, who cast them up for him; and that he looks upon the Vestry-Clerk’9 Approbation to be his Acquittal: That he is never questioned further: That the

Vestry

!74i.

as the s did attend

Hut be. Wants, he "habitants they were d that no the Year he Parish Kr Inha-

Poor’s . And vh%

ejuf-) that their

ned, y at was

iid

he

at

t-

7

15 Geo. IL 4° mail. fyff

Vestry know he coiled* in this mditfur, and that he takes less than the Rate: That they never found fault with him for so doing, nor make any farther Inquiry of him; and

are fat-isfied with the Account in hisoWn Hand-writing: That the Accounts, after they are east up for him by the Vestry Clerk, are laid before the Vestry* and he knows nothing of what |>afies afterwards.

Mr. Godfrey, being again called, was examined* as to the making and levying of Rates, and confdTed, that the Vestry did reduce particular Persons in the Rate,; upon the bare Memorandum of the-Collector on the Blue Leaf t He said, first. That the Justices made a Memorandum likewise, that the Persons so reduced were over-rated; but acknowledged afterwards, that though Two or Three Justices were sometimes present, yet this Business was sometimes transeded only in the Presence of One Justicee of the Peace; and, at last, confefied, That once within these Twelve Months, it had been done by the Vestry, without any One Justice, but said; he Could not recoiled ’ any other Instance.

Where\jpori‘ the Petitioners produced an Order of Vestry, which they called an Order of Petty Sessions, when only One Justice of Peace Waspresent.

Mr. Miiler informed the Committee, as to the levying of the Rates, That, in foroe Cafes*-the Justices have ifeducdd

the Rate upon the Oath of the Party, and in fotne, upon the Credit of the Party, without an Oath: That the Vestry give Notice to the Justices, and Order them to attend when there is to be a Day of Appeal; but that the Vestry attend likewise,- and the Business is done in a Vestry, and the Justices give aSundiontoit, but they are meer Cypl>ers and that the Vestry govern and manage all thote Matters: That there are generally Eight or TeriVeftrymen prefen t, and sometimes Two Justices, sometimes One, and sometimes none at all; and that the Vestry do what they will in every thing.

Beinrgafked, Whether the power of abating legally lay in the Justices or in the Vestry ? He answered, That if the Justices give their Opinion, it just signifies nothing: That if they attempt to controul the Vestry, they overpower and brow beat ’em: And in One Instance, where be desired to look into their Management, Mr. Turner the Laeeman, then in ihe Chair of the Vestry, told him, That if he went on in that manner, he would get him turned out of the Commission of the Peace: Being then questioned as to the Power of the Vestries to relieve upon Oath, after the Rate was legally signed ? He laid, it was the common Custom of a feled Vestry, and he did not care to contend with them in any thing.

Your Committee observed many Erafemenrsin the Rate both in the Sums and in the Names, frequently no less than Three or Four in one Page, particularly in the First Rate to the Watch, for the Year 1736, Fo. 14, where William Meeks, George Errington, a Coach-maker, and Vestry man, and Mary Oltphant, were entered upon an Erafement: In the same Book, and in the same Rate, Fo. 2, Entries of the Names of James Gascoigne and Joseph Crejfwell in like manner: In the same Book, Fo. 4, an Erafement both in the Rate and Money Column, in Fo. 11, Two Erafements; and in Fo. 10, no less than Five in the Money Column only.

Mr. Godfrey, Vestry Clerk, being examined to this Particular, and the Book of the Watch Rate for Spurt-Alley Ward, 1740, being produced, and an Instance shewn of a Name erased in Fo. 8; he answered. That it was erased because it was reported by the Collector to be an empty House; ^fid that there were sometimes Three or Four Tenants in it in One Year, which created Confusion: The Second Rate of the W;atch for the same Year being produced, and a Name appearing to be altered, Fo. 69, he said. He could not tell by whom that Name was altered: Being asked, Whether he had any Authority to make any Alterations after the Rate was signed by the Vestry ? He answered, only to alter Blots; and endeavoured to convince the Committee, that these Erafements

VOL. 24.

were only oh Account of Blots, df/bti Account of Mif-takes in copying from the former Rates* which he reded before the Rates were signed by the Vestry.

Mr. Miller informed the Committee* That the Rate ought to be fair, without Erafement* when the Justkcs sign it; but that he has never taken much Notice of the Rates, or of Erafements in the Books* before he signed them 5 for that, Seven or Eight Vestrymen make the Rate* and then it is brought to the Justices; and be apprehends it a Matter of Course to sign it; but that once* upon the Book being brought to him far Payment* he observed many Erafements, which he believed to have been made after the Justices had confirmed the Rate; upon which he complained; but was answered* That it had been done by the Vestry; and he was told by the Collector, that after the Justices had signed* the Vestry made the Erafements.

Thomas Middletony the Collector* befog further eft- mined as to an Erafement in the first Wafcch Rate 1738* 'Over-t against the Name of Doctor Ptar.ce, the Re&or, in which he was reduced* answered, That it was altered by Order of the Vestry, after the Rate was signed j and that ' he was reduced again ill the next Half Year, byvan Erafement likewise; because he claimed to be totally excused* but that* upon the late Uneasiness in the Parish on Account of the Conduct of the Vestries, he has since {that Time been raised again.

Dr. Pearce, Vicar of St. Martin's, being examined, said. That he had paid the Watch Rate from the Time of the Commencement of the Ad* which was in the Year 1736: That he was first rated at £40. and that his House was worth as much, but that it was altered afterwards from 40 to £.30. He acknowledged, that this was done without a regular Complaint, the Collector only taking of him at the Rate of £.30. per Annum t That the Gentlemen of the Vestry thought this reasonable, because it was a new Tax; and that his Predecessors had been usually excused all other Parish Taxes, because they never demanded the Burial Fees for the Poor, which Burials might amount to 700 in each Year: He cannot answet by whom his Rate was reduced; but that since that Time, he has consented to be rated at £.40. per Annum.

The Agents conceiving, that they had sufficiently proved, that the Vestry assessed and levied the Watch Rate; and that they assessed that of the Poor, desired that the Acts of Parliament might be read relating to both.

And it appeared by the Watch Ad 1736, That the Vestry, and Two Justices of the Peace of the City and Liberty of Westminster> are impowered to make and confirm the Rate.

Whereupon, the Agents for the Petitioners observed, that the Justices could not controul the Vestry in this Matter.

And that the Vestry taking upon them to make Erased ments, and to alter the Rate after it was signed by the Justices, was in Eflfed the same thing, and the same in its Consequences to the Inhabitants, as if the Justices were not at all concerned in it; so that they humbly apprehend it to be a meerEvafion of the Law.

As to the Poor’s Rate, That the Law requires by the 43d of Eliz. that this Rate shall be made and assessed by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Consent of Two Justices of the Peace; they therefore conceived, the Vestry, in making the said Rate, have acted contrary to Law; and they took Notice further, from the Evidence that had been given to this Head, That the Forms observed in the Words prefixed to the Rates, were an Imposition on the Publick; for that the Vestry did in Fad appear to make the Rates, though they were, in some Cafes, signed by the Justices, in the manner that the Law directs.

Lastly, That the Assumption of these Powers, contrary to Law, by the Vestry, was of fatal Consequence to the Parish; for that they were thereby obliged to engage in 3 E expend v*

Tarish expedfivfc Sukskt-Law, to defend their Rights; in which, 174°*' Folio-2;.- And in this Page the Total of the Ar-

Ye9ties.- they contended under the greatest Disadvantage, since rears, as cast aip in that Book, was *- .3 .4

the Vestry defended themselves with the Parish Money: But being cast Upi Article by Article, the

And, to maintain this Allegation, they produced an Or- Money -paid short of the Assessment, was no £. </.

der of Vestry, dated the 27th of December1740/^), when mord than - - . - - - — 19 —

the Inhabitants having appealed against the Rate for the v‘ . i; —

Watch, " That all Charges at Law, in Defence, of the Yet this Arrear was Carried into the Leidger,

" Vestry, should be paid out of the Watch Rate-; And according to the false Total, as cast up in the " that Mr. Clarke, Mr. Lloyd, and Mr. Solicitor Strange, Book. and allowed in the Parish Account j lb " should be retained as Counsel in their behalf." that there was a Sum in this Page, not brought

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to to Account, of - . C- - - - — 44

prove, That the Vestry audit the Accounts of the In the same Book, Folio 3, die Total of Arrear in the

Parish. Rate- Book-for that Page* and thence carried into the

And they produced several Books of Accounts, audited Leidger/. was . -...n:,- - I 6 8

by the Vestry, and, among others, the Poor’s Account ,.Bufc*.ttpoln eastirtg up.this ^age,-Article by

of 1734, and 1735} also of the Year 1738, audited in Aftidley the Money paid ftiort of the AssessT-1740; allb an Order in the Vestry Minutes, the 29th of ment, appeared to be nb-mor^jthan - - — 17 10

March fora Committee to audit the Accounts; 7- . r:..... — - ——

as likewise a Report made from the Committee to the So that the.Surri, not brought so Account'

Vestry, on February the^th, in the same Year (f), con- in this Page, amounted to - - — 8 j.o

cerning the Application of the Poor’s Money to the Irishe km^.BoQk, Folio4, the Total of Arrear,. as cast

Church Account; which was then allowed. , up-ftt-the. Bottom of the Page, and carried forward to the

William Godfrey, the Vestry Clerk, being then called general Account ofr the^arish, was - - 3.10 9

in, was directed to inform the Committee in what man- But the-Page bsmgicaft pp,. Article by Ar-

ner the Watch Accounts were audited by the Vestry: He tide*-she Money 1 paid. djiort,. appeared to be

laid, That the Vestry receive the Books of Accounts, no more than ,r..-. - - - 3 3 9

which he or his Clerk cast up, and then lay them before ,; 1 r,. — -- 1 -»

the Vestry: And being asked, whether he apprehended it So that the Sum, not brought to Account was his Duty to cast up every Page before he presents it in this Page, is. r . - 7 —

to the Vestry? He laid, he conceives it is: That the In the same Book, Folio , the Total of the Arrear, as Vestry look upon the Account, call up Two or Three cast up at the Bottom of the Page, and carped forward

Pages, and take the rest for granted: That he reckons the to the general Account. of the Parish, was - 1 .3. 4

: Abatements and Arrears in One Account of Arrears; and - . But.this Page.bfifogcaft up, Article by Ar-

‘ that the Vestry never examine whether he does, or not i tide* the Money jf»i4:short, appeared to be — 18 4

- Being asked, whether he compares the Accounts of the , . j.> -t:

Collector, with the general Account delivered to the Vef- So that the Sum, not brought to Account

try ? He /aid, lie does: Being a/ked, whether the Vestry in this Page, is ;. jr - — 5 —

"ever reprimanded the Coiledor for taking left than the In the fame.Book} Folio:7,the Total of Arrear, as cast Sums afle/Ted ? He said. That they often had. Hundreds up at the Bottom of ,the Page, and carried thence to the

' of times; for he abates without any Order of Sessions, and general Account, was. - -- - - - 3 10

sometimes without Order of Vestry; but let him (the But this Page befog, cast up. Article by

Vestry Clerk) complain ever so often of the Collector's Article, i th? Money paid short, appeared to Proceedings, it would not signify; for he was accustomed be no more ithafti - , - , - - - t 11 6

to account under the Burgesses Court, before the Watch ). :- —

Act passed, where it was a discretionary Rate; and he So that the Sum not brought to Account

got into such a Way, that he cannot get out of it: Being in this. Page, is . , - - - — 18

a/ked, if the Vestry had not Power to remove him ? He Though the- whole Assessment in the Page amounted laid, they had; but that they never offered to remove to no more than.- - - - - 5 *3 —

him: And in Folio 21, of the same Book, the Total of Ar-

That the Collector excused himself always, by saying, rear, as cast up. at the Bottom of the Page, and carried

That the Inhabitants paid left Rents than they were to the general Account, was - - - 2 13 8

rated at; but that neither he (the Vestry Clerk), nor the But this Page being cast up, Article by

' Vestry, inquired after it any further; and that he was Article, Jtb$ Money paid short appeared to

never made to account by the Vestry: And being a/ked, be no more than' - - - -188

whether, if this be the Manner of accounting, the Collec- , ——

for might not receive the Whole, and account for less ? So that the Sum not brought to Account He acknowledged, that he might. in this Page, amounted to - - -15 —

The Agents for the Petitioners then produced the First

Rate to the Watch 1736, Fo. 14. The Total of the In this Page, it appeared to the Committee, that, out Collection, as cast up in the Book, was £.2. if. 6d. of the whole Sum assessed, which was but Three Pounds

But upon calling up the Sums, Article by Article, the and Four Pence, the Sum paid to the Parish was no more

Total appeared to the Committee to be £.2. 1 is.6 d.than Six Shillings and Eight Pence; and that of the Re- So that the Totals, as cast up by the Vestry Books, ap- mainder £.1, 8r. 8 was abated after the Rate was

- peared to be deficient. 1 or. in this Page: Upon which, signed, and without any legal Warrant, and 1. 5 the Committee called for the Leidger Book of the Parish, received, and never accounted for.

in which the Totals of each Page are entered; and the The Committee having observed Instances of the same Sum there entered appeared to be £.2. is. 6d. Whence Nature, almost in every Page, which they examined in

- it was apparent, that in the Account of this One Page this Account, ordered William , the Vestry Clerk,

- alone, there was a Sum of Ten Shillings received.more . to be cabled so: And being a/ked, in what manner the

than was accounted for to the Parish. < , Accounts were audited by the Vestry ? He said, That he

The Agents for the Petitioners then produced the Se-. and his Clerk having cast up the Books, they are laid

cond Rate to the Watch for Spurr-AUcy'Waxd, for the Year. before the Vestry That he apprehends it to be his Duty

(d) Append. N°4., (c) Append. N° 5. {f) Ibid.'N6 6.

to cast up every Page before he lays the Account before them; and that he compares the different Accounts with the grand Account, which he delivers to them; But be-

ing

15 Geo. II. 4® Mau.

ing ^jewn the Books of the Year 1740, he acknowledged that lie had not compared that Book*

Being asked, whether he reckons the Abatements and Arrear in One Article of Arrears? He answered, That he always does: Being aflted further, if the Vestry examine him whether he accounts in that manner ? He said i that they do.

Being questioned, whether the Vestry take it as a fuffiA eient Answer, that he, or his Clerk, having compared the Books? He said, they do; and that the Vestry take Twd or Three Hours to call up Two or Three Pages, and take the rest for granted, leaving him to examine the Remainder: The Watch Book being then produced, and an Instance being shewn where the Arrears were returned, greater than in Fast they appeared to be: He said. That be believed, the Collector received the Money after the Account for the Year was closed: And being asked, Whether Monies so received, after the Account was closed, were ever accounted for to the Panlb, He said, that they never were.

Being further asked, whether the Collector’s Accburifs were made up according to the Leidger ? He said, they were: Whereupon the Leidger was produced; and it appeared to the Committee, that the Collector had accounted short to the Parish 18r. in that Instance: To which he said. That the Fact was evident, but that it probably would never have been discovered if this Inquiry bad not been made.

Your Committee not having met the Day following; upon their next Meeting, the said William Godfrey desired to be examined again to this Particular, endeavouring to account for these Deficiencies before-mentioned, by an Article in the Watch Leidger, ending May 174r, of £.14. 13J. ud.which, he said, was Money collected upon the old Rate, between the 26th of July and the aothof August 1741: And being asked for the Particulars; he said, the Collector had them: Whereupon the Agents for the Petitionersobfewed, that, in the last Day’s Examination, he, Wiliam Godfr, had declared, the after Collections were never accounted for.

The laid William Godfreybeing further questioned,

why the Arrears were carried into the Leidger different from the Arrears in the Books from which they are taken, he gave no Answer, but that his Clerk was to blame: And Being then asked, whether he was not paid for making up these Accounts, whether it was not his Duty to do it, and whether he was not accountable for the Errors of his Clerk? He answered, that he was paid, and that it was his Duty to do it; but that he cannot attend to every thing: Being further asked, whether it was not-his Duty to cast up the Sums? He acknowledged that it was: Being then questioned, whither he had done it Five times. Four times. Thrice, Twice, or Once, since he had been Vestry-Clerk ? He confessed, that he could not take upon him to lay, that he had done it once.

Being then desired to inform the Committee, whether any of the Particulars of the gross Accounts are laid before the Vestry, be said, That he could not tell, but that he believed they may be laid before them by the Collector: Being then required to acquaint the Committee, how this Matter passed in the Vestry, he said, That he laid before them the Totals of the Account, and all the Vouchers: That Two Vestrymen usually examine the Receipts, and cast up here and there a Page: That he is present with his Vouchers, in a Bundle ready to produce as they are called for: But being particularly asked, whether the Vouchers for the Receipts were produced in the Year 1741, the Year in which the Committee then inquired ? he acknowledged, that nothing was then produced but the gross Account.

And being then required to say, strictly, whether the Vertries do not take his Account without examining into it at all ? He at last owned, that he could not say but that they might have taken it without Examination, except in One Inllance.

The Agents for the Ptiitioners then produced an Or-Voe. 24.

derof Veftiy, of the 27^ of juty 174.1 fgjt wtfferflri ft SeleAParish appeared. That the Vestry audited the Account of Vestrie*

Middlitbn, Collector for the Watdv Rate, ending May *74 i;.and audited the 27th df- July following; and-'rhit they ordered the said Golledor to pay the Balance to' Mr.

Thomas Siddal. - 1;

The Committee theft observed, That' the? Surrt of £. 14. 15 s: 1 i d. which was an Article ih ’this Account, and Which William Godfrey the Vestry-GlerlCfhad produced* to obviate the Objection made>j> h* hefore^mentioned, "to- the Collector’s Account, and which, he endeavoured to persuade the Committee to fake* as Monies in Arreir, cftllefted after the Account had been made u£>, between the 27th of July and the aothof August following, was either a Milrepresentation -of the said Willialn Godfrey, or an-'AttitfU inserted after the' Books had been audited; since the Books were audited tfntf confirmed upon the same 27th Day of July 1741 jfo.thatnO.Sum received after that Day, of between that Dap dfid the-laid 20th of August, could, unless fraudulently, find Admit.

Iron into that Account, which wits finally closetf before the Receipt thereof.: ‘ - I ’

The Agents for the Petitioners herd rested their1 Evidence, with regard to'-that Part of- thfcir Charge relating to the auditing the Parish Accounts by the select Vestry, concluding,-as to this Head, with the following Observations: ' !1 ’ riT.-T-/ - <-j

lft, That the Pdfilh Accounts are kept, and audited, in so Iftofe and negligent -a manner, that the Parish was

d-dpoled to thd Danger of being defrauded of great Sums through the Means thereof.: -

idly. That the Vestrfes being not only impothrefed by the Watch Act, made in 1736, to ‘audit the Watch Account, but required by the said Act to examine the said Account, had either not acted in pursuance of the Law, if they had neglected to examine (which it was proved they bail done, in many Instances, by the Evidence of William Godfrey), or that, if they had examined the said Accounts, they had been guilty of a gretft Breach of Trust in doing it with so little Care.

3<dly, That the said Vestry, in auditing the Accourits of the Overseers of the Poor, had acted contrary to Law; the Act of the 43d £/<fc. exptessly requiring this to be done by Two Justices of the Peace.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to make good their next Allegation, That the Vestry assessed the Rates unequally and partially; and iri this they said they confined themselves chiefly to the Rate for the Watch.

And as to this Point, to save the Time of the Committee, they referred to the Evidence which had been already given, under the Head of aflelfing and levying in the same of Dr. Pearce, Vicar of St. Martin’s, who had been reduced from £. 40. to £.30. per Annum, and who had affirmed, that his Predecessors, the Vicars of the said Parish, had been excused the Payment of all Rates; which the Petitioners apprehended to be warranted by no Law what foe ver.;

They then produced the Watch Rate 1739, Fo. 21, whereby it appeared, that George Perkins, a Vestryman, was reduced from £. 250. to £. 150. per Annum.

They offered next, the Book of the Second Rate to the Watch, for Spur-Alley Ward 1739, Fo. 58, by which it appeared, that George Middleton, a Vestryman, was rated in the Year 1739, at £. 128. in the Year 1740, at 140.

and that he was reduced in the Year 1741, to 100. and the Petitioners observed, that in the Year 1739, the Parish not being then rated at the Rack-Rent, and complaining of the Rates, the Rates were raised to the Rack-Rent in the Year 1740, when the said George Middleton was advanced, as before observed; but that the Parish, in the Year 1741, pursuing their Disputes no further, and being then quieted, though the Rate continued at the Rack-

(g)Appendix N* 7.

Rent

Sdc&Ptrifli

Vestries.

300 4® Mail. r74J-

Sent for thfe whole Parish, this George Middleton was then reduced.

The Agents For the Petitioners then Offered to the Inspection of the Committee, the Leidgers for the Watch Rate for the Years 1739 and 1740, to prove the Partiality of the Vestry in assessing themselves:

And the Committee found, that the gross Assessment for the Watch Rate in this Parish, in the Year .1740, amounted to - jC* x»39° lSSt

And that of the Year 1739, to - 1,167 13 2

So that the Assessment was encreased, in the Year 1740 - - - tzi 19 n

Which was an Encrease of the Rate upon the Inhabitants at large, of 4th yearly.

The Committee then proceeded to examine, whether ^the Members of the Vestries were encreased in the same Proportion; and, in order to save Time, they took the Jfcate'of One Half Year, beginning 1740, and examined the iUtes of Eleven of the Vestrymen, as they happened'tooccur; which/artiounted to - 665 ——

And they likewise examined the Rates of* the 'feme Eleven Vestrymen, for the Half Year, ending 1739, which amount-cdto - - - 629 — —

So that the Assessment was increased /14pon the Members of the Veftiy no more

an ^’nearly; viz - - - 36-----

By which it appeared to the Committee, that the Parish at large were increased in their Rates in a much feqger Proportion than the Members of the Vestry, at this Period of Time.

And the Petitioners concluded this Head of Evidence, with an Observation upon the Quantum of the Watch Rate, which they apprehended to be much greater than the Occasions of the Service did demand; in Proof where-of, they produced the Collections from the Year 173$, to the Year 1740, ihclusive, which amounted, at a Medium, to £. 945. per Anmm% and which was sufficient to ’suppQit the Expence; they likewise produced Proof that , the Debt of the Parish, on this Account, in the Year

1739, amounted to the Sum of jf. 98. 171. 7 d.

From whence they inferred, that the Sum necessary

to bvj ui(ed upon the Watch Account, for the Year 1740, amounted to the Sum of - - - 1,043 17 7

And thqy then produced the Assessment for the Year

1740, which amounted to - - - 1,390 13 1

So that the Parish was assessed in the Year 1740, a

Sum of £ 346. 1.5 j. 6d. more than, attheEnd of the Year 1719, appeared sufficient to defray the Watch Expence of that Year.

The Agents also produced the Watch Leidger, by which it appeared, that, notwithstanding the extraordinary Assessment for the Year 1740; in that Year, was received, and accounted for, including Arrears of former Years, no more than - 987 18 3

That the Disbursements of that Year west . - . - - - 900 15 8

And consequently that the Surplus was 87 2 7

Which, from a Collection, though so greatly short of the Assessment, left a Balance to discharge the Debt of the Watch Account; so that, as they conceived, this extraordinary Assessment wasabfolutely unnecessary, and laid the whole Expence of that Year upon those Inhabitants who could be prevailed upon to pay it, whilst others, thinking it illegal, refused such Payment, be-. cause a less Assessment by -fth had formerly answered all Charges of this Account.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to prove the illegal Application of Parish Monies by the Vestries.

And they observed to the Committee, That this Particular seemed already in good measure proved by (eve-ral strong lostances under the last Head, where they had 18

shewn so many Sums carried false to the Parish Account, and so much more received upon the Rates that was accounted for.

And that it was likewise proved, by that Order of Vestry, dated the 27th December 1740, 44 that all Charges " at Law, in Defence of the Vestry, should be paid out 4< of the Watch Rate," (h) which they apprehended tp: be an Application of the Parish Money, as illegal as it was dangerous to the Liberties and Properties of the Ea-t rishoners.

But for further proof;

They laid before the Committee, the Churchwarden* Account for the Year 1726, in which Book, Fo. 70; and 71, there appeared Two Entries of Interest-Money* arising from £. 230. of the Parish Money, in South-Sea Annuities, the First of which Entries was of £.2. 17 s. o <L for One Quarter’s Interest; upon the Sum aforesaid, due at Michaelmas 1723.

The Second Entry confided of a Sum of £.11. 10/. said to be received in full for One Year’s Interest upon the feme Security, due at Lady-day last.

Your Committee found no Date to this Entry, norwas the Year so much as specified; so that it was impossible to ascertain the Time exactly; but it was evident from the Book, that the Lady-day mentioned in this Entry, was either in the Year 1725 or 1726: And in one same it appeared, that there was an Interest of One Year and a Half; and in the other Cafe, an Interest of Two Years and a Half, upon this Sum, which had not been accounted for to the Parish.

The Agents for the Petitioners then produced a R.er port, dated February 4th 1725* from the Auditors of the Accounts of Mr. John Walker, Churchwarden, for the Year 1724: That they had audited, examined, and found the same to be just, save only that, (by an Order of Vestry, 24th February 172412(1 past, for impowering €i the borrowing of ^.750. for paying for building the 4< Workhouse, lately erected in this Parish, and towards "buying Necessaries for the fame). Part thereof had been applied to the Church Account, and therefore they had not signed the said Accoun*s, but desired the Leave of this Board so to do." Whereupon, the Vefi* try made the following Order: 44 That this Board apprehending that the Money so applied to the Church Account was through Inadvertency, it was therefore or- dered, that the said Auditors be impowered to figa the said Accounts." (i)

Another Entry, dated the 23d December 1741, was then read; which is as follows; viz. (k)

44 Mr. Churchwarden fucker acquainting the Vestry, that he had received of Mr. Thomas Siddaly Treasurer, of: the Money arising on the Watch Rates within this Pa-f rish, the Sum of £. 87. 16 s. 3^ df\hc Remainder of the 1 Sum of £. 141. 12x. id. being the necessary Charges c and Expences of passing the Act of Parliament, made 1 for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within this Parish, and heretofore advanced out of the Church-Money, by Mr. Peter Joumard Churchwarden :t of this Parish, for the Year 1735; and that William !4 Bannister, Churchwarden for the Year last past, had ad-rc vanced divers Sums of his own proper Money, for 14 the Service of this Parish, during the Course of this Year, agreed and ordered. That the said Mr. Tucker 4< do pay to the said Mr. William Bannister the Sum of u £. 60. on Account, and take a Receipt for the fame,

4< This Vestry being informed, That Benjamin Mqr- tin, a Collector of the Duties on Houses and Win- dows, within this Parish, had received divers Sums of Money in Suffolk-Street Ward, on the Rate made for *4 raising those Duties, and was dead; and that notwith-cc (landing Distress had been made on the Goods and Effe&she died possessed of, the Sum of£. 36. 8 s. 6 d. 44 so by him received, yet remaining unpaid to the General-

(h) Appendix, N° 4. ft) Appendix, N* 6.

(kj Ibid.N° 8.

" Receivers

i c Geo. II. 4Z\M»h:± aoi

*# Receivers of that Duty; and that the same is required, by the Act of Parliament for granting those Duties,: to be made good in this Parish. *' 1

cc Agreed and Ordered, That Mh Churchwarden tc Tucker be, and he is hereby, desired to pay the said ""Sum of £. 36. 8i. 6 d. and to take a proper Receipt* " from the Receivers General for tfaeMame."

Whereupon the Petitioners observed, That as they ap- prehended the Vestry had made an illegal Application of the Parish Money, by confirming the Accounts of Tho- mas Walker, the Churchwarden in 1724, who had diverted the Money arising from the Poor’s Account to that of the Church: That they had acted in' the same Manner, in advancing out of the Poor’s Money, in 1735, the Sum of £. 142. 12 s. 10 d. for the Expenses of procuring the Act for the Watch 5 and that the Application of £.36. 8 s. 6 cl. out -of the Account of the Churchwarden, to artfwer Insolvencies of a Coliedor of the Window Tax, was likewise contrary to Law.

And they observed, That this Method, bdidetf many other Inconveniencies, kept the Parish always ignorant, whether the Sums raised upon them for each Rate were necessary or not; since, under this Pretence of applying the Money, arising from each Rate, to Purposes distinct from the Rate, the Inhabitants never could be certain whether they werejuftly taxed br not: That they were-exposed thereby to many Expences, at the Caprice of the Vestry, in which they were never consulted, and which they were unable to prevent, and subject to suffer by great Misapplications, and partial Diflipations, of the Money of the Parish.

And to shew that this was not a bare Sorfnife, but an Evil which they really suffered under;:

They produced the Books of the Churchwardens for the Year 1726, under the Article of Money disbursed cn Account of the Poor, which contained the following Articles:

Fo. 5o. October 20. For a Dinner j and £. s. cl. Breakfast to the Ringers at the Consecration of the Church - - - - -18 — 10

26. For a Dinner and Expences at a Visitation - - - ia 3 —

Fo. j 1. June 22. Expences making a Scavenger’s Rate - - - 510 8

Fo. July 29. Expences on the Ringers, as by an Order of Vestry, whereby the Churchwardens are impowered to treat the Ringers in such Manner as they shall see proper - - - 5 m 8

D* for a Dinner for the Beadles - - 16 —

To the Duke of Somerset's Park-keeper for a Present of Venison - . - 3 3 —

To Expences, by Order of Vestry, on a Dinner upon the Gentlemen who wrere

Judges of the Organ - - ‘; J 126

D6 Chusing Churchwardens - 2 19 6

Ibid. Fo. 77. Expencesatmak’ing the Half-year’s Rate for the Poor, 2d October 1726 - 6 11 6

Fo. 79. D° for making another Half-year’s Rate for the Poor, April 20th - 10 IJ 6

The Committee being desirous to see the Conduct-of the Vestries, in this respedi in some later Account, called for that of the Year 1739, audited the 17th of April 1740; in which they observed the following Articles:

£. s. d:

To the Duke of Sonterjel's Park-keeper - 212,6

Tofa Visitation Dinner 13 6 —

The Poor’s Account and Church Account of 1733, 1734, and 1735, as audited and attowed by the Vestry, was then laid before the Committee; and, under the Head of the Benefadion for binding out Apprentices, who are called Sir Charles Cotter ell's PenfiOiUrS, your Committee observed a very extraordinary Entry; Viz.

To of the Parish of bound to £. s. d.

#} the Sumof - - - - 3 3 —

Vol. 24.

1

Aud in a Repetiii6h!o£the.f*a»P^tti4fi> L-with (Blanks, another Swrn.of 3 3 ri e

Tiw.Agents far. the Petitionersitheh) prodded Kir.,

Turner the Churchwarden’s Account of Sacra mept; Wine*, for tihc;Yerir 17a6y which amounted jtp^.

Aakkthe Committe^beiftg surprised at; so large a $un>» expends for that FUrpofb, called t fos the Vgpchfir^ of that Accotint; by whkh it appeared# of)y thft feerali Quart rities'^of Wine; were charged in, single Bottles antfj Pints, and in a Maoher. whisk ieeitied not to be for tjv*j Service oLthe Church, but chat abpve One-third of th&> Wine charged was Sack, Hbcfy white Wine, or. other. Liquors, which, as . -they apprehended, were never, jafed in the Celebraicion of; that (solemn Ceremony. tJ s Your Committee, wilting rather to conceive tjkis fa have been a single Instance, than a constant Practice;: called for an Account of a Part of the Year 1717, ending June 24^ which amounted tp£. 10, 7 and, upon>

Sigh toft he Vouchers, it appeared, that more than.HaJf; of that Sum, viz. x>.d< was charged for §ack,

white Wine, Oranges, Sugar, Butter, and Glass Bottles

The Committee likewise observed the Article of $he Ringers dn jcbe Churchwarden’s Account, which appeared: to them extravagant mo less being expended upon \ flsis Head alone, between-the Years 1726 and'1738, tha^f £.304. 13 s. which amounts to more than £. 25.

Annum. ’ . - ri

The neat Particular, under this Head, observed by. your, Committee,. Was an Article in the same Bpok, poi{

51, 1726, For Fees and Gifts on receiving his Majesty V Bounty of £..1,506, for fumifiling an Organ, which; is ‘ set down in one gross; Sum of£.ir8. 1.3 s. 5, but no^ Vouchers or Particulars of this Account appeared to your Committee. I v

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to shew the great Prices which the Vestry allow to Tradesmen who serve the Parishj and are Members of the; Vestry. i t And they accordingly produced the Account of Glaziers Work done by Mr. Corner% a. Yeftryman, in the Year 1736.

They then called in,

Mr. Charles Cairne, One of the King’s Gl^ziqrs, to give his Opinion to the Committee upon the Articles therein mentioned.

An Article was then read, for pinning several larg^ and several small Windows of the Church, in which the large were charged at is. $d. each, and the small at u.

With regard to this Charge, Mr. Cairne informed the Committee, That is. 6 d. was a very sufficient Price for the iargfe Windows, and 9 d. for the small.

Another Article wis then read, confiding of Squares of Glass set in Lead for the same Use, whi*h were chafged at 6d. each: To which Mr. Cairne being examined, said, That the King was charged 3d. and no more, for the same Species.

There was Likewise an Article for pinning of Twenty Cafcments, which Were charged at 1 s. each in the Church Account; and Mr. Cairne informed the Committee*

That his Majesty was charged no more than 6 d. for the ftme Work.

The Petitioners then produced the Churchwardens Book for the Year 1738, allowed and signed by the Vef7 try, and Twd Justices, Samuel Grey and Colonel Burton; in which Account the Committee observed an Article, dated the 26th of Aprils in that Year, for 48 Yards of Velvet, for Two Palis, 27 i. per Yard: And

Mr. John Andrews, Undertaker, being called in, and questioned what Quantity of Velvet was necessary to make Two Palls, he said. The best and Jargest Pall contained 20 Yards, and the Price of the Velvet was 22/. per Yard; and that, the CQmrpon Pall contained but 16 Yards, at 18 Shillings.

The Sarcenet, in the same Account, for lining the same Palls, being charged at 4.J. 6 d. per Yard, Mr.

3 F Andrews

Select Parish Vestries.

202

Mail

A. 1742.

12

" 5

Andrews was asked as to the tifual Price of Sarcenet, and he informed the Committee, That he never gives more than 2 s. 6d. for that Use; and that there is no Sarcenet of the Value of 4s. Sd. per Yard.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to shew the extravagant Increase of Expence to the Parish in the Article of Candles for the Watch, and the Difference in this Account, when an Inhabitant at large furnished the Candles, and*tohen they were furnished by a Member of the Vestry: And they premised. That the Number of the Watch were not increased during the time of which they proposed tb speak.

The Books of the Watch Account being then produced, it appeared, that, in the Year 1736, the Parish was served by one Killingworth, and amounted to no more than 250 Dozen, which cost 62. 10. ioj*.

In the Beginning of the Year 1737, the said Killingworth furnished 49 Dozen, Value - -

But one Fibart, a Vestryman, being introduced into the Business soon after, fur- ' riished, in the Remainder of that Year, a further Quantity of 312 Doz. 4 lb. Value 80 11 10 Which amounts in the Whole to 371 Dozen Value - - - - 92 12 3

So that, upon the Adrttiffion of a Vestryman into this Business, though but in a Part of the Year, the Quantity of Candles charged to the Parish was 121 Dozen and Pounds more than before, and the Expence increased £.32. \s 4f</.,; — ' #

The same Vibart likewise furnished Gandies in the Years 1738, 1739, and 1740; in which Years, the Charge was as follows:

In 1738 — 348 Doz. - Value 89 17 2

1739 — 343 Doz. - - Value 104 13

; 1740 — 338 Doz. 7 lb. Value 123 3 4!

Whereupon the Petitioners observed, That the Nights were not longer in the Years 1738, 1739, and 1740, than in the Year 1736; with which they concluded this Head of Evidence.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to the Article in the Petition relating to the Secreting of Accounts from the Parishioners.

But, as to this Head, they said, That they should not give the Committee much Trouble, the Fast being notorious in the general, and claimed from the Nature of a select Vestry: That they should therefore confine themselves to the Watch Books only; which, by Act of Parliament, they apprehended themselves to be intitled to fee.

And then the Act for regulating the Nightly Watch in this Parish being read, it appeared, that the Parishioners are intitled by that Law to see the Totalsof all Accounts relating to the Watch, whenever they shall so require.

Mr. Fabrie being then called in, and examined, said. That, in the Year 1740, thinking himself aggrieved in the Watch Rate, he applied to the Vestry to see the* Rates, and determined to try the Matter at Law; but being no Vestryman, the Vestry several times refused him the Books, only they produced a Leidgcr, which contained the bare Totals of the Sum collected, which could give no Information; and he was told, this was all he had a Right to fee: That he only asked to look at the Books, and was refused: That he appealed to the Justices at the Quarter-Sessions: That they construed the Law in a different Sense, and gave him an Order to fee all the Books of that Account; but even after this, the Clerk, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, (huffied him off for some time.: That, after some Interval, they sent to him to let him know, that he might have a Sight of the Books an Hour in a Day: That they allowed him this Liberty the First Day to make Extracts; but Bannifier, the Churchwarden, attending, hindered hinji the next Day, and said. The Justices had no Power to make such an Order; yet at length he was allowed a Copy of them, for which he paid Four Guineas.

Mr. Henry Williams% being examined to the same Particular, said. That, before the Appeal to the Quarter-S^f-(ions in October 1740, he demanded a Sight of the Watch Books, and attended Godfrey, the Vestry^Clerk, two or three times, but could not obtain the Perusal of any of them: TJiat, after the Orderof the Quarter-Sessions before-mentioned, with a View to delay, they interrupted them in their Search, and allowed them but Two Hours in a Day: That Mr. Bannifler, the Churchwarden, interrupted them, and (but up the Books, notwithstanding the Order; and though they attempted no other Use of t hem than to make Extracts; and at last, when they procured the Copies, it was but a few Days before the Trial.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to prove, That the Vestry chose Officers of Profit and Tru t, impose burthensome Offices on some, and excuse others for pecuniary Considerations.

And they produced the Minutes of the Vestry of the 9th of December 1726; by which it appeared, that the Parish-Clerk was nominated by the Vicar Dr. Pearcf, and approved by the Vestry (I).

Another of the 7th or March 1726; by which Mr. Theophilus Cole was appointed joint Organjft with Mr. Weldon (m).

And a-Third, of the 23d of April 1740, when the; Vestry chose William Godfrey to be Vestry-Clerk (n).

And they were ready to have proceeded farther, to other Officers in the Parish; but the Committee thought 7 this sufficient to this Point.

To prove that the Vestry elect Churchwardens, they produced the Vestry Book, containing an Order of Vestry, dated April 7 th 1726; by which Mr. Turner and Mr. House were nominated Churchwardens (o)-9 and another Order of the 1 ith of the same Month, by which they were confirmed and chosen (pj.

Mr. Fabrie \yas then examined, and said. That he attended last Rafter Monday, in order to the Elect ion of Churchwardens; but that he was shut out of the Vestry by the Vestrymen; as were also aoo more of the Parishioners at large:

That the Parishioners, conceiving it to be the Right of the Inhabitants at large to choose Churchwardens, tried the Matter at Law in the King’s Bench 5 but that they lost their Cause, as they apprehend, by wrong Management, not being full enough in their Evidence to prove, that the Vestry of St. Martin's was not a Vestry by Prescription; so that the Custom was allowed to (land against the Inhabitants.

The Petitioners then produced a Minute of Vestry of the 22d of April 1736 (q)\ which is in the following1 Words:

" Mr. James Freeman isnomiriated to be senior Churchwarden of this Parish for the present Year.

<c This Board then proceeded to the Nomination of " a junior Churchwarden, to serve with the said Mr. " James Freeman for this present Year; and Mr. George K Errington was nominated to serve with the said Mr. c< James Freeman.

" Mr. Abel Aldridge acquainted this Board, That Mr. <c George Errington desired the Favour of this Vestry " to be excused from serving the said Office, on his pay-cc ingaFineof £.20, for the Use of the Poor of the said " Parish; and that the Vestry would accept the fame; " It is therefore Ordered, That the said Mr. George Errington be excused from serving the said Office, on his " paying the saisi Fine of £.20, for the Use aforesaid.

Cc I h VP RrvO r-rA tUan ilta -

This Board then proceeded to the Nomination of a <c junior Churchwarden, to serve in the room of Mr. " George Errington; and Mr. James Hay was nominated " Churchwarden for the present Year.

" Mr. Walter Turner acquainted this Board, That' u Mr. James Hay desired the Favour of being excused " from serving the said Office of Churchwarden, upon €t his paying a Fine of £. 20, for the Use of the Poor of

(I) Append. N° 9. () Ibid. N® la.

(m) Ibid. N° 10. (pj Ibid. N® 13.

f»;*Ibid.N*ii. (q) Ibid. N® 14.

this

GoO^k

15 Geo. II.

Maii.

203

this Parish; and that this Board would be pleased to " accept the fame: It is therefore Ordered, That Mr.

44 James Hay be excused from serving the said Office, on u his paying the said Fine of £ 20. to the Use aforesaid.

" This Board then proceeded to the Nomination of a " Churchwarden, in the room of the said James Hay;

" and Mr. Daniel Bell was nominated Churchwarden for " this present Year.

Mr. William Leefon acquainted this Board, That Mr.

" Daniel Bell desired the Favour of being excused from €t serving the said Office of Churchwarden, upon his pay-" ing a Fine of 20. for the Use of the Poor of this " Parish; and that this Board would be pleased to ac-," cept the same: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Mr. Daniel Bell be excused from serving the said " Office, on his paying the said Fine of £. 20. for the Use aforesaid....

" This Board then proceeded to the Nomination of a " Churchwarden, to serve in the room of the said Mr.

" Daniel Bell; and Mr. Benjamin Cox was nominated Churchwarden for this present Year.

" Mil. Churchwarden Freeman&cquunted this Board,

" That Mr. Benjamin Cox desired the Favour of being " excused from serving the Office of Churchwarden, on " his paying a Fine of£, 20. for, the Use of the Poor of " this Parish,; and that this Board would be pleased to " accept the fame: <: .

" It is therefore Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Cox be <c excused from serving the said Office,- on his paying " the said Fine, for the Use aforesaid.

" This Board again proceeded to the Nomination of " a Churchwarden, in the room of the said Mr. Benjamin 4* Cox; and Mr. Robert Watson was nominated, and chosen. Churchwarden for this present Year, and ac- cepted the same accordingly.*

; Whereupon the Agents observed. That however they might be refbained from complaining, that the Vestry took upon them to eted; Church wardens contrary to the Law Ot the Land, and the Usage in most other Parts of the Nation; by the late Determination in the Court of King’s Bench in favour of the Vestry; yet, that no Law did warrant the Exercise of a Power in that Body to excuse Persons regularly nominated to that Office, or to receive Money in lieu of that Service; and that they had, in this one Year, and in regard to this Office only, excused Four Persons, and received no less than £. 80. for that Favour, as they term it: That as to the just Application of the Money so raised, they allowed it to have been applied for the Use for which it was said to be received; but that there was a very heavy Hate constantly levied for the Poor of the Parish, notwithstanding the Receipt of these Sums; and chat they conceived, that this Rate was the only legal Provision for the Poor. They observed likewise, that this Power opened a Field to great Partiality and Injustice, and enabled the Vestry for ever to excuse their Friends, and to lay the whole Burthen of Parish Duties upon such Persons as were obnoxious to them.

They then proceeded to prove, that the Vestry likewise elected the Overseers of the Poor.

And an Order of Vestry, of the same Date with the last, was read (r) \ by which several Persons were summoned to take upon them the Office of Overseers of the Poor:

As likewise another Order to the same Effect, dated 3 April 1729 (s)\ which was followed by One of the 7th of the same Month, in these Words: " That if " any Person be desirous to pay a Fine to be excused " that Office, that the Churchwardens do likewise in this " Cafe, as in the former, take the Money for the Use of " the Poor (t)."

Mr. Miller being examined to this Matter of the Election of Overseers of the Poor, informed the Committee,

That the Justices know nothing of the Election, till the Warrants are, out of Form, brought to them to sign: That, in the last Year, 1741, upon the Disputes in the Parish, he broke through this Practice, and conformed to the Act of Parliament of the 43d of Elizabeth; but that, before that time, the Vestry chose such Overseers as would dance after the Pipe of the Vestrymen.

Mr. Fabric confirmed this Account of Mr. Miller, and said, That the Vestry continued to ad in this illegal Manner till March 1741; when the Parish having commenced a Suit at Law against the Vestry; out of Ap« prehension, that they should be questioned for this, as well as other Branches of their Conduct, they came into a regular Method, as to the Election of Overseers.

The Agents for the Petitioners then came to.that Article of the Petition, in which it was asserted,

That the Vestries in general managed all Affairs of the Parish.

And a* to this Head, they.observed\ That it was a notorious Truth, which had been fully proved by the Evidence already produced to the Committee, that it was riot advanced so much by way of Charge against the Vestry (since it was the natural Constitution of all feted Vestries), as to observe aFad, which, corifidering the Manner of their Management, was a great Misfortune to the Petitioners.'

They then'proceeded to shew the Constitution of the Vestry, and the Right upon which it was founded; which, they observed, would serve not only for the Parish of 1St. Martin, but also for the Parishes of St. Anne, St.

(r) Append. N° 14. N* 16.

Vol. 24.

CO Ibid. N° 15.

OJ Ibid.

James, and St. George Hanover-Square , they being formerly Members of, and not many Years since erected into distinct Parishes out of St. Martin's, by different Acts of Parliament; which all preferi be, that they should be governed by the Example of their Mother Parish.

Mr. Fabric being examined to this Particular, informed the Committee, That, upon the late Disputes at Law, in which he was concerned, he had Occasion to examine the Constitution of the Vestries, and found several antient Entries, which differed in Practice, but in the general seemed to imply, that the Parish had been governed by a feted Number of the Inhabitants from the Time of Queen Elizabeth: That, in the Time of the great Rebellion, the Constitution seemed to have been altered; but that soon after the Restoration, viz. in 1662, Twenty-three of the Inhabitants applied to the Bishop o»f London for a Faculty to constitute a feted Vestry: Whereupon, an Instrument was granted, appointing 52 Inhabitants to be a feted Vestry, with the Minister and Churchwardens; and Ten*to be a Quorum: That this Quorum being found too large, the major Part of the Vestry applied, by Certificate, a Second time to the Bishop of Londw, in 1673, who granted another Instrument, reducing the Quorum to the Number of 7.

And these Two Instruments being produced to the Committee;

William Godfrey, the Vestry-Clerk, was called in; and being questioned, WhetfTer the Vestry acted under these Faculties ? he said. That he has known the Vestry Nine Years; and that they conformed to the Bishop’s FacuL ties before-mentioned.

Being then asked. Whether the Vestry consisted of 52? he said, That 52 was their Number when complete; but that they may, and do, neglect to fill up Vacancies as long as they please; and that they fill up themselves, and choose their Successors.

Whereupon the Agents for the Petitioners took Nor tice, that they thought themselves, in Decency, obliged to avoid any Reflections, which might naturally result from the Institution of the feied Vestry, as it had been explained to the Committee; for though they should have thought themselves at Liberty to have offered Reasons to prove, that the Bishop of London had no Power to ered a Constitution of such a kind, as being contrary to the common Law of the Land, which avows no Parish Government of such a Nature; and though it was confessed, that the Vestry acted under that Constitution of the Bishop,

and

Mali.

A. 174a.

SdeA Parish and conformed themselves thereto; yet that, as Judgment Vestries. jjacj been lately given in the King’s Bench, That this feieft Vestry a<sted by a prescriptive Title, they should be careful to say nothing that might seem to clash with that Determination of the Court: But they begged Leave to observe, that they were deprived thereby of all Hope of Relief from the Courts of Justice against this exclusive and excessive Authority, void of all Controul, and privately conducted and veiled in a few, who perpetuated their Govdfnnient by an arbitrary Election of the Members of their own Body among themselves; and that they were therefore reduced to the Necessity of this Application to the Legislature, from whose Wifoom and Justice alone they hoped Relief.

And here they ciofed what they thought fit to offer with regard to the Parish of St. Martin.

The Committee then proceeded upon the Parish of St. Anne: And

Mr. Burgess Mbckmahd/Mr. Hooptr, Agents for the said Parish; acquainted the Committee, That, in order io save Time, as far as the Nature of the Inquiry would admit, they should not enter so largely into the Proof as theywere prepared for do; arid should therefore offer only what might: j be necessary to shew, that the Complaints of this Parish were of the same Nature with those of the Parish of St. Martin-, and that they flood under the same Form of! Government; by which they were consequently liable to the same Abuses.

They then proceeded tofoew, that the Vestry assess and levy the Rates in the Parish of St. Anne, as follows:

And produced th* Poor’s Rate made for King-street Division, horn Lady-day 1737, to Mithaelmas the same Year; which appeared to be made and signed only by the Vestry and Churchwardens: And

Mr: jByron, Vestry-Clerk of St. Anne's, being examined to this He&d, said, as to the Maimer of making thisRate, That itis done in a Vestry: Thata Vestry-man.generally didlates wiiat he‘writes; That the Veftnr generally direct themselves by a former Rate: but raise or reduce it as they think fit., Being then asked, Whether the Overseets are present ? he said. He believes they are; but they are never defited to sign it;: and that the Overseers never object to the Rate as made by the Vestry.

And being.further questioned. Whether it would avail, if they should object ? he said, He. would be very frank, That the Vestry over-rule;: .; ' -

That, to explain himself the better, the Vestrymen and Churchwiftlem seem all to act as Overseers; and that he does not Remember one Instance, in which the Vestry did not over-rule. 1

And being asked, If, when the Justices sign this Rate, they are not alwaysYucK Justices as are Members of the Vestry? he acknowledged. That he did not then remember one Instance, where any other Justices, but’such as were Vestrymen, had been concerned in it.

Mr* Holden Boaker being then examined, said, He was Overseer of the Poor in the Year 1739: That he was summoned to be present at the Making of the First Rate that Year, in June: That the Vestry made the Rate: That they never asked his Assistante; nor, as they were Vestrymen, could he presume to offer his Opinion; but that the Overseers were ordered to fit at a Distance, upon aCheft, while the Vestry made the Rate; and that he had nothing more to do in it than to sign it some Days after: That, as to the Second Rate for the same Year, he Was summoned as before; and that, having collected One Half-year, he found many over-rated: That he hnd his Colleague both complained of this; and he instanced particularly Mr. PolbiU, who paid but £. 55. Rent and was rated at 60. pet Annum ybut that the Vestry paid no Regard to what they laid, and stili rated them higher -than they.ought to be rated: That he knew the Rate to have been unequal ;.but was obliged to sign it; for otherwise, by his Office, he must hkve paid the Poor out of his own Pocket* That they were treated in the same overheating Manner: That they were seated on the Chest, *9

and not admitted to the Table with the Vestrymen, whb carried every thing with a very high Hand, and overruled them.

Mr. Middleton, Overseer in the Year 1735, said. That he was summoned to be present at making tht Poor’s Rate for that Year: That the Vestry made the Rite: That he waited behind their Chairs, and knew nothing what they were about; and that he never knew the Vestry suffer any of the Overseers to fit with them ripon this Occasion; but that, in one Instance, they reduced a Person who was over-rated, upon a Memorandum he had made on the blue Leaf.

Mr. Twist, Overseer for the Year 1737, said, That thfe Vestry made the Rate, and he was not at all concerned iti it: That the Overseers never fit with them; nor do the Vestry think them worthy to be confix)ted: That, in the Second Half-year, he took upon him to cotnpl in, That several were rated to the Tull, wfien others were not, and some over-rated, which Re proved by their Receipts for Rent; but that, nevertheless, they would not reduck the Rate in behalf of these Persons, and seemed notate think it worth their while to pay any regard to what hfcTaiti.

Whereupon the Agents observed, That thisTreatriietft of fthe Overseers was contrary to the Act: of Parliament of the* 43d oCElizi; which prescribei, IThat the Poof’s Rate shall be made by the Churchwardensind the Oves-seers of the Poor, and no other Persons. > -

They then proceeded to prove, That the Vestry audit the Accounts of the Parish:

And the Minutes of the Vestry, November ad, 172a,

(a) , being read, it appeared, That the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor, for the Year 1721, were then audited and paid by the Vestry, and the Balance ordered to be paid over:

Also another Minute of Vestry, December 14th, 1722

(b) , where the Scavenger’s Accounts appeared to be audited by them in the same Manner:

likewise another of the 13th of December 1733 (c), when the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor were audited and confirmed by the Vestry:

And a Fourth, of the 3d of January 1737 (d), where the Accounts of the Surveyor were audited and confirmed by the same Authority.

Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, acknowledged, That the Vestry did audit and examine Accounts; but said. That they were signed by Two Justices of the Peace.

And being asked, Whether they were signed by any Justices but such as were Members of the Vestry ? he said, He then remembered a Cale^ when they were ligrted by Mr. Young, who is a Justice of the Peace and a Vestryman, but was not a Vestry man at that time.

He was further questioned, In what Manner these Accounts were examined ? To which he answered, That the Accounts'are made up at his (the Vestry-Clerk’s) House, and then carried to the Vestry: That they call up the Pages, deduct the Arrears, and make the Totals.

And being asked, Whether the Vestry took great Care in the Examination of the Accounts ? he answered, That they examined very regularly, and with great Exactness.

Mr. Twist, the Overseer in 1737, being again called in, informed the Committee, That when he collected less than the Rates, the Vestry did not put down what he abated, nor took any Notice of it.

Mr. Byron owned. That there is no regular Account of such Arrears, which are looked upon as Deficiencies.

After which, the Agents for the Petitioners produced the Watch Account for the Year 1736; in which there appeared a Balance in the Collector’s Account, in favour of the Parish, of £. 282. iu. 5 d.

And the Committee inquiring. To what Account that Balance was carried? it appeared, that it was not Carried to the Collector’s Account till Three Years after* 1739.

in

fa) Append, N° 19.

N*i7. (d) ibid.

(b) Ibid. N° 18. N* 20.

(c) Ibid.

Mr.

>?4i.

y^k

and over.

HThit iV. le Rare; nothing new the

ni upon

educed

omhe

at the led in i the uhe That and for the rtk

it

it

15 Geo. II.,

4* Man.

20S

Mr. Byron being questioned, How the Vestry could have regularly and exa£Hy examined the Collector’s Accounts Tor the Year. 1737 an^ ‘73^> w^en so great a Sum remained so long, not brought over to the said Col-le&or’s Account f he acknowledged, That it was not regularly carried over to the ColJe&or’s Account; but that, nevertheless, he had given Credit for it to the Parish* in the general Account between him (the Vestry-Clerk) and the Parish; and as all the Money that the Collector receives, is paid into his Hands, whatever Monies remain due to the Parish, in every Year, in the Collector’s Account, he (Mr. Byron) gives the Parish Credit for it in the following Year.

Whereupon the Committee examined the said Vestry-Clerk’s Accounts with the Parish, from the 23d of May 1736, to the 3d of May 1741; and the Balances appeared as follow; viz. £. s. d.

% f 1737 ----- 282 11 j

J 1738 *55 9 4*

1739 - - - - *«7 6 6f

*740 176 15 4*

£> I 1741 - - " 177 16

But though the Balances remaining in the Hands of the Vestry-Clerk, appear in each of the said Years to have flood as above, the Committee observed. That, as he is obliged to advance each Year about the Sum of £. 80. to the Beadles and Watchmen, between the 3d of May and the 20th of August following, for the Service of the Year ensuing; there is seldom more in his Hands at one time than the Sum of £. 100.

And the Committee observed further, That although the Balance of £.282. 11/. 5 d. was not carried to any Account regularly, as it ought to have been; yet Mr. Byron having fairly given Credit for it to the Parish, it does not appear, that this Neglect arose from any Design to defraud ihe Parish.

Hereupon the Petitioners took Notice, That though this Money was fairly accounted for, yet it was not possible, that the Vestry could have examined these Accounts, as they ought to have done, having suffered so great an Irregularity in the Collector’s Account.

The Agents for the Petitioners then closed their Evidence upon this Head, and left it to the Committee to make what further Inferences they thought proper.

They then proceeded to prove the Inequality and Partiality of the Rates thus made by the Vestry.

Mr. Clarke, Collector of the Rector's Rate for the Year 1740, said, that the Vestry make this Rate: That they affeifed the Parish in that Year at £. 193. is. 6d. for this Service; and that he collected as far as £. 138. 14 j-. 8id.: That he apprehended no more than £.ico. should be raised for this Use; and therefore would not proceed to raise more: That the Balance of this Rate, above £.100. was always, before his time, paid to the Vestry; but that he, conceiving the y had no Right to it, and willing to have the Matter exposed, has never paid his Balance.

Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, acknowledged the Vestry always raised £.30. or £. 40. above the £. 100. to which the Minister was intitled by this Rate.

Upon which, the Agents produced the Act of Parliament of the First of James ad, for ereefting a Parish Church in St. Anne's; by which it appeared, that no more than £.100. should be raised upon the Parish for (he Use of the Rector.

They then observed to the Committee, That the Vestry had acted contrary to Law, in railing a Sum of Money for this Rate so much exceeding what they had Power to raise by Act of Parliament.

They then proceeded to shew, That the Vestry rated themselves with great Partiality.

And they produced the Books, and dther Evidence, to prove, That Mr. Charlewood, Tenant to Mr. Cut fibers, a Vestryman, paid £. 65. per Annum Rent for his House, which, though since greatly improved, is rated only at £. 40. per Annum:

That the House of Mr. Wright, formerly a Vestry n , VoL. 24.

man, and tented by Mrs. Campbell at £. 66. per Atmm, sdeft Parish paid, when he was a Vestryman, and lived in it, but at Vtftrief. the Rate of £. 35. per Annum; but, uponhis leaving the Parish, it was rated at £.45.

That another House, of Mr. Wright's, rented by onfe’

Smith at £. 50. per Ammm% is rated only at £. 36.

Mr. White, Agent for Justice Meai‘d, a Vestry than, being examined, said, That Mrs; Searle rents a House of the said Mr. Meard, for which {lie pays £. 150. pet Annum; but that t he House is rated only at £. rob.

Mr. Pearce, a Tenant of Mr. Dickens, a Baker, add Churchwarden and Vestryman, for the Time being, pays a Rent of £. 50. per Annum, but the House is only rated ' atjf. 40 j and that Mr. Allen, a Vestryman, his Neighbour, is only rated at £. 30; but his House is not indeed quite so good.

Mr. Clarke, late Collector of the Redfcor’s Rate, being examined, said. That he had informed the Vestry, that Mr. Dashwood, in Soho-Square, was over-rated, and desired that he might be abated to his just Proportion; but that he was answered, That Mr. Dashwood was a Gentleman, and could afford to pay; and besides, that he served no Offices.

Mr. Haines, Master of the Standard Tavern in Leicester Fields, informed the Committee, That being charged at £.40. per Annum, which was his full Rent; and com- . plaining that this was unjust, because many others, were under-rated, the Vestry answered him, That he should not be relieved: That his House was cheap rented; and that might content him.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, by the Poor’s.

Rate 1739, That the Lady Monoux, renting a House of £. jo. per Annum, is rated at the full.

Mr. Clare said, That he was rated for his House at.

£. 70. and then at £. 65. per Annum: That he thought himself aggrieved, and complained to the Vestry: He told them, that Mr. Glanville lived in it before, and was rated only at £. 60. j but he could get no other Answer, but that he rnuft submit to it, and aftift the Parish 1 for’ that they were low in Cash.

Mr. Lough, a Tenant to Sir George Walters, in St.

Anne's, said, That he paid Sir George £. 50. per Annum Rent for his House, which was rated only at £. 36; and that Sir George Walters is a Vestryman.

The Agents for the Petitioners then called in

Mr, Middleton, Overseer of the Poor in 1735; who said, That, while he served that Office, he attended Justice Meard, a Vestryman. several times to receive Money for the Taxes of his own and several of his Tenants Houses; but that he paid nothing ar all that Year; and the Books discovered, that he had not paid for several Years; and heinftanced particularly Two of his Houses, one in the upper and the other in the lower Division, for which he had never paid any Assessment to the Poor, from the Year 1734; and that having several Houses, his Method was, to fhuffie from one House to another of different Rent; so that they never knew how to charge him.

He likewise informed the Committee, That he rents his House at £.3$. per Annum, and the last Year was rated at £. 5. per Annum more than the Rent, though the House is much worse than when his Father had it, who paid but £. 30. per Annum for it:

That, after a Cqmplaint, he has lately been reduced to a Rate according to the full Rent: And being asked,

What passed at the Time of this Complaint ? he said,

That being at the Vestry upon this Account, and pressing for Redreis, Mr. Justice Smith would give no Answer but that Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, told the Iuitice, that he believed he could account for the Reason why Mr. Middleton's Father paid less than his Son; For, said he, Mr. Middleton's Father had served all the Offices, and had the Friendship of the Vestry; which was the Reason that he was under-rated; and added, That, his (Mr. Byron's) Father-in-Law, while a Vestryman, was rated at a Trifle; but when he died, he (Mr. Byron) nebcin® then j G Vestry-

Sek&Parish

Varies.

20 6

4'Mmi.

A.

i?4»'

Vestry-Clerk, the House wascoqfiderably raised: He.said, That this Discoursehappened not much aboveaMonth ago.

Mr. John Clark then produced an Instance of a House -in Swan Tavern Passage, belonging to Mr. Cuthbert, a. Vestryman, which was not inserted in the Rates.

Mr. White, Agent for justice Meard, a Vestryman, acknowledged. That he lives in a House belonging to the said Justice Meard, which is not rated at > and that Three more Houses belonging to the said justice, in the Parish of St. Anne, are excused all Parish Taxes whatso- k

ever.

Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, confessed also, That his the Parish.

Returned to Mr. Gibson convicted -to Mr. Hicks convicted -to Mr. White convicted -to Mr. Rose convicted Given away by Mr. Ingram, a Vestry-man’s Desire -

They then shewed, That the Act of Parliament directs the Application of this Money; viz. That of the Penalty (which is usually £. io. for each Offence) half should go to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of

5 5 5 5

- 5

own House was not rated.

He like wife owned. That Dr. Felling, Rector of the said Parish, paid nothing to any of the Parish Rates; which was directly contrary to the Act of the 43d of Elizabeth, with relation to the Poor.

The Agents for the Petitioners proceeded next to prove the illegal Application of the Parish Money by the Vestry of St. Anne's.

And they produced a Minute of Vestry, November 2d,

1722 fa), where the Balance of the Account of the Overseers of the Poor was ordered to be paid to the Churchwarden:

Another, December 14th, 1722 (b), ordering the Balance of the Scavenger’s Account to be paid into the same Hands:

A Third Minute, of the 13th of December 1733 (c), ordering the Balance of the Poor’s Account to be paid to the.Churchwarden, deducing £.3. 14s. 4d. fora Treat:

And a Fourth, of the 3d of January 1737 or* dering the Balance of the Surveyor’s Account to be paid to the Churchwarden and Surveyor of the Highways jointly.

And Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, being examined, acknowledged, that the Surplusses of all the Parish Taxes were carried to the Church Account.

The Committee then inspected the Account of Sir George Walter; a Vestry man, and Treasurer of the Church of St. Anne:

By which it appeared, that this Method had been pur-fiied ever since the Year 1722; and that there was a Sum in his Hands in Money, Bonds, and South Sea Annuities, amounting to about £.1,200.which he holds in Trust for the Parish; but that he gives no Security for the faithful ' Execution of his Trust.

Whereupon the Petitioners observed, That this Application of all Surplusses to the Church Account was illegal; for that the Surplusses of every Rate should be kept distinct, and carried on to the same Account, in Ease of the next Year’s Rate: That this Practice was a Contrivance to ease the Church Rate, and to provide a Fund for such Expences, with regard to the Church, as the Parish might not readily acquiesce under, and might not think necessary, if they were particularly rated for such Purposes: That it likewise prevented the Parishioners from judging whether they were rated more than the Service required, or not, and left too great a Power in the Vestry: That, the raising so much more upon particular Rates than was necessary, was very dangerous to the Parish; for that by this means the Parish washable to great Losses by the Deficiencies of Collectors; of which there was an Instance in the Year 1739, when Sanchey, then Churchwarden, died insolvent, with the Sum of £. 129. 8 s. 2\d. which the Parish wholly loft.

They then produced the Churchwarden’s Account for the Year 1737, Folio 38; and, under the Head of Receipts and Disbursements, an Account of the Conviction-money for Retail of spirituous Liquors, it appeared, That, out of a Sum of £.65 received, £. 63. 3 s. 6 d. was entered as given away; and, among others, the following Articles were read:

From whence they inferred. That there were Misapplications of the Parish Money directly contrary to Law, doubly defending Censure, as they defrauded the Poor, and tended to frustrate the Intention of the Legislature, by reftpring the Sums forfeited to the Offenders.

The Agents for the Petitioners then.proceeded, in the next Place, to support the Allegation, That the Vestries secreted the Parish Accounts:

But they said, That this being a Fast of Notoriety, and spoken sufficiently to, by the Agents of St. Martin's, they should trouble the Committee butwithOne Instance to that Particular: And

Mr. Jpmes Serjeant beipg examined, informed the . Committee, That, about the iftof August 1739, thinking himself aggrieved by the Watch Rate, he deGred to see the Books of that Rate; but that the Vestry would not allow him to fee any one Book; and that Mr. Allen, a Vestryman, told him. That he should fee none # till he was a Vestryman himself.

Upon which, the Agents observed, That the Act of Parliament for the Watch, Ordains, That the Inhabitants . may inspect the Watch Accounts, whenever they shall forequire.

They then proceeded to prove, That the Vestry chose Officers of Profit and Trust, and impose burthensome Offices on some, and excuse others for pecuniary Cqpsiderations.

The Minutes of the Vestry being produced, there appeared Two Orders of Summons to a certain Number of Inhabitants to take upon them the Office of Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Scavengers, upon the 25th (a) and 29th (b) of March 1725; and the: Vestry proceeded accordingly to elect the said Officers.: Another Minute of the Vestry* dated the 26 of April 1736, (a) was then read; wherein it appeared, That, after previous Summons as before, the Vestry proceeded to/ Election; and the Persons chosen by them were ordered to be appointed by his Majesty’s Justices, of the Peace, and to be published in the Church*

Again, it appeared, That, on the nth of April 1737* (b) the Vestry proceeded in like Manner to the Election of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor; and the Persons lo chosen were ordered accordingly to be appointed Overseers by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Edward Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, being again examined, Whether the Vestry summon any other of the Inhabitants to assistat these Elect ions? he laid. They do not; for the Vestry look upon themselves as the Re-’ presentatives of the Inhabitants.

Whereupon the Agents observed, That, by the Common Law of the Land, the Churchwardens are to be chosen by the Inhabitants at large: That the Overseers of the Poor are to be appointed by the Justices alone, by the' Act of Parliament of the 43d of Elizabeth; and that the Act of the 30th of Charles the Second, by which this Parish was crested, prescribed. That the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Scavengers, shall be, for the First time, chosen by the Vicar and the Vestry; but that their Successors ever after shall: be appointed according to the former Laws; so that this Proceeding of the Vestry is contrary to Law: And they took Occasion to observe fur-

(u) Appendix, NM7.

(b) Ibid. N° 18. (e) Ibid. N* 19.

(a) Appendix, N* -a 1. (bj Ibid. N* 22. (a) Ibid.N* a?.

(bj Ibid. N® 24.

ther

15 Geo. II.

4°Maii.

So-r

ther, to what a Point of Power the Vestry is arrived, when they presume not only to dispense'with the Laws of the Land, but to command his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace to execute and enforce their Orders.

And as to the exdufing some from serving burthensome Offices for pecuniary Considerations;

Mr. Byron, the Vestry-Clerk, confessed. That the Vestry did take Fines to excuse many from serving the Parish Offices; and being questioned, Whether these Fines were fixed and certain, or at the Pleasure of the Vestry ? he acknowledged, that they were not always equal.

As to- the Article in the Petition, That the Vestry manage in general all the Affairs of the Parish

The said to this Head* what the Agents for St. Martin's had before observed; and that the whole Course of the Evidence sufficiently proved the Charge.

The Petitioners then proceeded, inth*e last Place,’to shew the Constitution of the select Vestry in the Parish of St. Anne And they produced an Act of Parliament of the 30th of Charles the Second, by which, the Parish of St. Anne was taken out of the Parish of St. Martin, and made a "distinct Parish:

And also another Act of the First of James the Second, for building a Church in the said Parish; by which Act,

‘ the Bishop of London of that Time, was impowered, within Thirty Days, to appoint, by Iostrument, 30 Persons to be Supervisors till the Church should be built, and, after that, to be Vestrymen, as in other Parishes, and not otherwise; to continue Vestrymen during Life, or Abode in the Parish, unless difpiaced by the Bishop of London for Misdemeanors, and all Vacancies to be supplied by Election; under which general Words,’ Viz. as in other Parishes, and hot otherwise," the Vestry of this Parish have thought themselves intitled to adopt all 'such Habits and Customs as can tend to the Support of their Power, which has no Contrqul but that of their own Discretion, being perpetuated by their Institution *.for Life, and the Choice of their Successors; from whom,

therefore, it can never be expected, that the Government of the Parish should be more juitly conducted hereafter than at present.

N‘l.

APPENDIX.

N* 1.

At a Vestry held in St. Marlin's Vestry Room, September 21ft, 172 c.

Present,

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr. IVm. Grimes,

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Henry Hay dock.

Mr. Philip Davis, Mr. IVm. Bentley.

Mr. John Sazvcer, 7 ,

Mr. Abel Aldridge, {Churchwardens.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of a House in this Parish, for the lodging and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, be summoned to meet Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Vestry Room, to examine the Books for the Poor’s Rate, in order to rectify the Rents, and make the same more equitable for the next Half-year’s Rate.

Ordered, That the Overseers be summoned to he then attending with the Poor’s Books, in order to be assisting in rectifying the Rents for the Poor’s Rate; and th3t the Beadles be summoned to attend at Th ee of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Vestry Room.

This Board taking into their Consideration a Rate to be made for the Relief of the Poor, for the Second Half-year of this present Year, agreed, that 1 %.d. in the Pound must be raisedfor the said Half-year.

Vol. 24.

;V . ► r

St. Martin in Vie Fields; Rafter Monday, April 7 th

At a Vestry held in the Vestry Room of the said Panfb, this 7th Day of April 1740.

Present, t ' f

George Errington, Esquire, Mr. Ben. Cox,

Mr. Abel Aldridge, Mr* John Cross,

Me. Daniel Belly ' j Mr, John Carpenter,

Mr. Benjamin Goodifdn, ' Mr. Charles Haman%

Mr. William Leefon, ----- Mr. Robert Watfen, --

Mr. Peter Joumard,

Mr. Thomas Siddall,

Mr. Henry hay dock.

Churchwardens.

Sdeft Ptrish :T VefWei.

Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Walter Turnert Mr. Christopher Hdrris,

Mr. Wirt, Harty Mr. Wm. Batmifter,

This Board taking into Consideration a Rate to be* made for the Relief of the Poor of this Parish, , for t$s present Half-year, is of , Opinion, that a Rate of W. in the Pound will be proper to be made on all and every the Inhabitants of this Parish; and that the several Houses be rat^d at the full Rent and Value thereof; and that the Gentlemen, of the Vestry be desired to attend, and be assisting in the several Wards, wherein they dwell, in making the said Rate. r<

; '.;r .,

St. Martin in the Fields, April 23d, 1740.

At a Vestry held for the said Parish;in the.Veftty Room thereof, this 23d Day of April 1740. . , fc ]f Prefenr,

The Reverend Mr. Dean?

Pearcey. Vicar,

Mr. John Sawcer, xvii. janH L>arpenjerr l i .*

Mr Christopher Harris, Mr. Walter Turner. 0 ill

Mr. John Jones,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Benjamin Cox,

Mr. Wm. Haines,

Mr. Wm. Nind,

Mr. Charles Haman,

Mr. Henry Hay dock,

Mr. John Kirk,

Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Peter Joumard,

Mr. John Malloroy,

Mr. Collet Maw hood,

Mr. Wm. Hart,

Mr. Wm. Batmifter,

Mr. Moses Tucker, Churchwarden elect.

The Orders of the last Vestry were read. Article by Article, and confirmed; except that Part of an Order concerning the making a Rate of 8d. in the Pound for the Relief of the Poor of this Parish, for tins present Half-year, and the Assessing of the several Houses at the full Rent or Value thereof; which, so far as relates thereto, is hereby repealed: And it is agreed by this Vestry, That a Rate of 10d. in the Pound will be proper to be made for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the several Houses within this Parish be rated only at -frths of the full Rent or Value thereof.

N*4.

The Parish of St. Martin in the Fields. At 3 Vestry held for the said Parish in the Vestry Room thereof, on Saturday the 27th Day of December 1740, about the Nightly Watch and Beadles.

Present,

Jjohn Huggins, Esquire,

Mr . John Carpenter, 'C; Mr. Walter Turner, .0 . Mr. Johu Ci'ofs,

Geo. Errington, Esquire, Wm. Jones, Esquire, --t Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. Lancelot Vibart,' Mr. Thomas Siddall,

Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Wm. Atkinson,

Mr. James Hay,

Mr. Galfridus Mann,

Mr. Andrew Drummond,

? Churchwardens,.

Vtftritf*

08

4® Man,

Present,-

Tltf Reverend Mr. Dew 1 Mr Wm Lur

Pearce Vicar, J v

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Thomas SiddaU,

Mr. Daniel Bell, Mr. Lancelot Ft hart,

Mr. Robert Watson, Philip Craig Esquire,

Mr. Abel Aldridge, Collet Mayo hood,

John Huggins Esquire,: The Honourable Edward Mr. John Jones, . Southwell Esquire,

Mr. John Carpenter, Mr. Peter Joumrd.

] Churchwarden*.

Mojtf Tftfker, J

N* 5.

At a Vestry bcld in St. Ma Vestry Room in St. Martin's Lane on Eq/ler Monday, March the 29th, 1725. Presenti

flenry Southouse, Esquire, Mr. Wm. Bentley,

Mr. John Bell Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. John Hall, Mr. John Robinson,

Mr. Wm. Grimes, Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Thomqs Head, Mr. Thdmas Millington,

Sir John Colebatch Knight, Mr. John Crefwell,

>Mr. Henry Wttrcopp^ ‘ Mr. Gj/ey Harris;

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr. Henry Hay dock.

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr.John Walker, 7 e

Mr. John Sawcer, J Churchwardens.

Ordered, That the Re->rr c , ur verend Dr. Zachary PearceJ*"? *"/' Ef(lulre*

Mr: John Hall, Mr. John' Bell,

Mr. -Thomas Head\ Mr. Wm. Grimes,

Mr. Henry Wtifcopp, Sir John Colebatch Knight, Mr. Philip Davis, Millart Esquire,

Mr. Wm, Bentley, Mr. Rainge,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Thomas Millington, Mr. W». Leefon,

Mr. Gilef Harris, Mr. JfeAa Crefwell,

Mr. /7<?»ry Hay dock,

and the Two Churchwardens, and any other Gentlemen of the Vestry that please? be appointed Auditors of the Churchwarden* apd Overseers Accounts bf last Year.

1742.

but deCred the

N* 6.

At a Meeting of the Vestry in St. Martins Vestry Room, February the 4th, 1725.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Zachary

Pearce, Vi tar jMr* Head,

Sir Ghrifiopker Defiouverie Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Knight, Mr. Pauncefote Green,

Robert Mann Esquire, Mr. Collet Maw hood,

Mr, Wm. Lrtefm, Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. John Hall. Mr. John Robinpn,

Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Bell, Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr. Roger AJkew, Mr. Robert Burton,

Mr. Henry Warcopp, Mr. ffeury Haydock,

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Thomas Millington,

Mr. John Crefwelf,

£:SS5, 1

The Auditors appointed to audit the Accounts of Mr. John Walker Churchwarden for the Year 1724 last past, reported to this Board, That they had audited the fame, and examined the several Vouchers relating thereto, and found the same just j faveonly, that, by an Order of Vestry, of the 24th of February, in the Year 1724 last past, for impowering the Borrowing of £,750. for paying for building the Workhouse lately erected in this Parish, and towards buying Necessaries for the fame, Part thereof had been applied to the Church Account j and that therefore '1 to

they had not signed the said Accounts,

Leave of this Board so to do.

This Board apprehending, that the Money so applied to the Church Account, was through Inadvertency it is therefore ordered. That the said Auditors be impow^ ered to sign the said Accounts.

N°7.

St. Martin in the Fields.

At a Vestry held in the Vestry Room in and for the said Parish, on Monday the 27th Day of July, in the Year of our Lord 1741.

Present,

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Benjamin Cox, Mr. Lancelot Fibart,

Mr. Peter Joumard, Mr. Wm. leefon,

Mr. Thomas Siddall, Mr. John Carpenter.

Mr. John Kirk,

M’iwtwZt

The Account of Thomas Middleton, Collector of the Two Half-yearly Rates for the Nightly Watch and Beadles of this Parish, for the Year ending on the 3d Day of May last past, being made up, and delivered to this Vestry, and a-Balance appearing to be due thereon from the said Accountant, of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; it is ordered by this Vestry, That the said Thomas Middleton do pay over the said Balance into the Hands of Mr. Thomas Siddall; and that the said Account, as well as the Account of all Monies received and paid in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, be fairly entered in the Book kept for that Purpose, on or before the loth Day of August next.

Nf 8.

St. Martin in the Fields, December* 23d, 1741;

At a Vestry held this Day in the Vestry Room in and for the said Parish.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Dean

Pearce Vicar,

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Benjamin Cox,

Mr. Geo. Erring ton, Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Thomas Siddall, Mr. Robert Watson,

Mr. Wm. Leefon, Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Benjamin Goodifon, . Mr. Geo. Cure.

Mr. Moses Tucker,

Mr. Wm. Wood,

John Huggins Esquire,

Churchwardens.

N* 9.

At a Vestry held in St. Martins Vestry Room, December 9th, 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Pearce ft.K,

Vicar, jMr. James Rainge,

Henry Southouse Esquire, Mr. James Buftar,

Francis Burton Esquire, Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. John Walker, Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. Thomas Millington,

Mr. Andrew Drummond, Mr. Edward Bulpen,

Mr. Thomas Boucher, Mr. Henry Haydock,

John Huggins Esquire, Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr. Roger AJiew, Ms. Wm. Leefon,:

Mr. Philip Davis, Robert Mann Esquire,

Mr. John Bell, Sir John Colebatch Knight,

Mr. David Kilmaine, Mr. Edmund Aubery,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. John Hall,

Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Richard Downes, Mr. Henry Perkins,

Samuel Grey, Esquire, Mr. Robert Burton. ’

Mr. Walter Turner, 7

Mr. Wm. House, j Churchwardens,

The

GOOgl

1742.

iefired the

f° applied encyj k " impotw

?idtk cor the e Year

15 Geo. II.

Mali.

209

The Reverend Dr. Pearce having nominated and presented John Horseley, Batchelor of Arts, to be Parish-Clerk, in the Room of Joseph Elliotfon, Master of Arts, deceased; this Board does unanimously approve thereof: And thereupon, the said Dr. Zachary Pearce has pronounced the said John Horseley to be Parish-Clerk, and to enjoy all Fees, Perquisites, and Profits, belonging to that Place.

N# 10.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room, March the 7 th 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Zachary\KK,

Pearce Vicar jMr‘

S1KnigffM'r DeJb0UWrie)Mr. James

Sir John Colebatch Knight, Mr. Roger Afkewe,

John Huggins Esquire,

Henry Southhouse Esquire, Richard Miller Esquire Mr. Collet Maw hood,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. Janies Buffar,

Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr. John Belly

Mr. Walter Turnery Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert, Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr. John Walkery Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr. David Kilmainey Mr. John Crefwelly Mr. Henry Warcoppy

Churchwardens.

This Board proceeded to the Election or Choice of an Organist, to be joint-Organist with Mr. John Weldon, now Organist to this Parish; and Mr. Theophilus Cole was chosen Joint-Organist with the said Mr. John Weldon.

Ordered and Agreed, That the said Mr. John Weldon and Mj . Theophilus Cole do alternately play this Parish-Organ.

Ordered and Agreed\ That, from Lady-day next, Mr. John Weldon have Twenty Guineas yearly, for hh Salary, for playing this Parish Organ; and also, that, from the aforesaid Time, Mr. Theophilus Cole have Twenty Pounds yearly, for his Salary, for playing the said Organ.

N° 11.

St. Martin in the Fields, April the 23'd 1740. At a Vestry, held for the said Parish, in the Vestry Room thereof, this 23d Day of April 1740.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Dean?.- , v

Pearce Vicar, pd* H®p» Esquire,

Mr. John Sawcer, Mr. John Carpenter,

Mr. Chrjftopher Harris, Mr. John Jones,

Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr. Benjamin Cox,

Mr. Wm. Haines,

Mr. Wm. Nindy Mr. Charles Hay many Mr. Henry Hay dock, Mr. John Kirky Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Peter Joumardy Mr. John Malloroy, Mr. Collet Mawhood,

Mr. Walter Turnery Mr. Jo fin Crofs, George Errington Esquire, William Jones Esquire, Mr. Henry Warcoppy Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. Lancelot Vibarty Mr. Thomas Siddally Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Wm. Atkinfony Mr. James Hay,

Mr. Galfridus Manny Mr. Andrew Drummondy Mr. Wm. Harty,) nu,

Mr. Wm. Banmjler,j Churchwardens.

Mr. Moses Tucker, Churchwarden Eletft.

. N° 12.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room, on Maundy Thtirfday, April the 7th 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Dean)., rir,

Pearce Vicar, {Mr.

Henry Southouse Esquire,

Select Parish Vestriei.

Upon reading the humble Petition of John Godfrey, praying this Honourable Vestry would be pleased to elect and chuse him to be Clerk of the Vestry of this Parish, in the Room and Place of Wm. Head, who resigned: And the Question being thereupon put, the said John Godfrey was unanimously elected and chosen Clerk of the Vestry of this Parish, in the Room and Place of the said William Head; and is hereby ordered to give his Attendance thereon accordingly; and that he have and enjoy the like Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, as the said

William Head had, and enjoyed....

VOL. 24.

Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr. John Bell,

Mr. Thomas Heady Mr. John Hally Mr. Wm. Grimes,

Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr, Giles Harris,

Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. John Sawcer, Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr. Philip Davisy Mr. Roger Askew,

Mr. Henry Haydocky Mr. John Crefwelly Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. David Kilmainey Mr. Pauncefote Green,

Churchwardens.

This Board unanimously requested Mr. Walter Turner, One of the Gentlemen of this Board, to accept of the Office of Churchwarden, in the Room and Place of Mr, Abel Aldridge: And he was pleased to accept the same accordingly.

Then this Board proceeded to the Nomination of a Churchwarden, to servewith the said Mr. Walter Turner, for this present Year; and Mr. William House was nominated Churchwarden, to serve with the said Mr. Walter Turner.

N° 13.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Monday, April the Present,

Vestry Room, on Easter nth 1726.

The Reverend Dr. Pea

Vicar, j

Henry Southouse Esquire, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Head, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Leefon, Mr.

Mr. David Kilmaine, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Grimes, Mr.

Mr. John Bell, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Boucher, Mr.

Mr. Philip Davis, Mr,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr.

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr.

Mr. John Sawcer,

Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Walter Turner and Mr. William House are hereby chosen and confirmed Churchwardens.

Collet Mawhood, James Buffar,

Walter Turner, Henry Warcopp, John Robinson, Pauncefote Green, Roger Ashewe,

John Halt,

Charles Hayman, Henry Hay dock. Thomas Millington,

| Churchwardens.

N* 14.

St. Martin in the Fields. At a Vestry, held for the said Parish, in the Vestry Room, on Maundy Thursday, April 22d 1736.

Prelent,

Tp«!";v?, Dr' "*}"' *» *.

Mr. Waite* Turner, Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Philip Davis, Mr. John Shockley, Mr. John Carpenter, Mr. John Sawcer, Mr. John Kirk,

Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Charles Hayman,

Mr. Roger Askew,

Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. James Tickner,

Mr. Thomas Toung,

Mr. Wm. Haines,

Mr. Christopher Harris,

Zf,z%zi

The Names of divers Persons were this Day read at this Board, as Persons fitly qualified for serving the Office of Overseers of the P or of this Parish, for this present Year: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Persons be duly summoned to appear at this Board, on Mlrday next, at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, to take upon them the said Office.

3 H At

4* Mail

A. 1742

210

N* 15.

StleS Parish a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room, on Veftne*. Mounday Thursday, April the 3d 1729.

Present,

TViSTrend Ptarte Henry Mr. Pauncefote Green,

Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr. Andrew Drummond,

Wm. Gore Esquire> Francis Burton Esquire, Robert Mann Esquire, Samuel Grey Esquire, Mr. Collet Mawhood> Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. John Robtnfon,

Mr. John Walker,

Mr. Charles Hayman, Mr. Gw. Gilbert,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Alexander Small,

Mr. Charles Corner, Mr. Impey,

Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Henry Haydock, Mr. £<?//;

Mr. Sawcer,

Mr. yWn Crefwell, Mr. Aldridge,

Mr. jRcyer AJkew, Mr. y?w£J Rainge, Mr. Buffar,

Mr. Edward Bulpen,

Churchwardens*

The Names of divers Per Pons were this Day read to this Board, as fit and able Persons, qualified for serving the Office of Overseers of the Poor of this Parish, for this present Year: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Persons be duly summoned to appear at this Board, on Monday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, to take upon them the said Office.

N# 16.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room on Easter Monday, April the 7 th 1729.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Pearce 7 *, Tir , -Vicar 5Mr- Wm* Leefon>

Mr. Roger AJkew,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. John Bell,

Samuel Grey Esquire, Wm. Gore Esquire, Mr. Walter Turner,. Mr. Henry Haydock, Mr. Thomas Boucher, Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Charles Corner, Mr. Elijah Impey,

Mr. John Walker,

Mr. John Sawcer,

Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. Charles Hayman,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr. James Rainge,

Mr. Thomas Millington,

Churchwardens.

N* 18.

At a Meeting in the Vestry, December 14th 1722. Present,

Dr. John Telling, Mr. Wm. Fame,

Captain Charles Madock, Mr. Wm. Green,

Mr. Wm. Baker, Mr Thomas Ayliffe.

Mr. Wm. Gaffe {churchwardens.

Mr. Thomas Spicer, )

The Scavengers for the Year 1721, produced their

Accounts to this Board: And the same were examined,

and, upon Hating the fame.

There appeared to be in the Hands of Mi- \

chael Merchant and Isaac Singleton> Collec- £. s. d.

tors of King' s-Square Division, the Sum of 13 8 ioj

As also in the Hands of Peter Legrand

and John Spencer, Collectors \>f Leicester-

Fields Division - - - 10 12 10$

24 1 9

Ordered, That the aforesaid Scavengers do forthwith pay unto Mr. William Glasse, present Churchwarden, the Sum of £.23. and the remaining Sum of £.1. is. 9d. be allowed to the said Scavengers to expend.

N° 19.

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room, on Thursday the 13th of December 1733.

Present,

Dr. John Felling Rector, Thomas Rawer,

Richard Duke, Thomas Ayliffe,

Thomas Ingram, John Layng,

Wm. Huddle,

cv tt jr 1 Churchwardens.

John Hodson, y

Mr. Henry Knowles, Wm. Winehefter, Thomas Dickens, and Francis Malliet, Overseers of the Poor, for the Year 1732, produced their Accounts: And the same were examined, and allowed; and there then remained due to the Parish, to Balance, the Sum of Ninety-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing.

Whereas the said Overseers paid immediately, upon settling their Accounts, the Balance Sum of £.97. 14s. and 4%cL to the said Churchwarden William Huddle.

Ordered therefore, That the said Churchwarden William Huddle do expend £.3. 14J. 4\d in treating the said Overseers, in consideration of their Pains and Trouble which they took in executing their Office.

N° 20.

Appendix to the Report of St. Anne's Parish.

N° 17.

At a Meeting at the Vestry Room, on Tuesday the 3d of January 1737.

Present,

At a Meeting of the Vestry, November 2d 1722. Present,

Dr. John Felling, Mr.

Sir Edward Whitaker, Mr.

Mr. John Meard, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Green, Mr,

Mr. John Pearje,

Mr. Wm. Gaffe, Mr. Thomas Spicer,

Wm. Baker,

Wm. Tame,

Thomas Ayliffe, Thomas Fen,

[ Churchwardens.

The Accounts of Morris Hoff, Richard Toung, Peter Birkhead, and Jasper Horfington, Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Anne Westminster, for the Year 1721, were examined, and the Balance thereof appeared to be a Sum of £.104. 2J. 6d. in their Hands, due to the Parish.

Ordered, That the said Overseers of the Poor do forthwith pay unto Mr. William Glass, present Churchwarden of the aforesaid Parish of St. Anne, the Sum ol £.101. and the remaining Sum of £.i. 2s. 6d. allowed the said Overseers of the Poor, to be expended.

24

The Reverend Dr. Felling, Mr. Thomas Ingram,

Mr. Thomas Richmond, Mr. Richard Young,

Mr. Richard Duke, Mr. Wm. Baker,

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert,

Mr. Edward Scarlet,) ,

Mr. Wm. Chisholm, S Churchwardens-

Mr. Richard Movers, and Richard Sutton, Surveyors of the Highways of this Parish, for the Year 1736, produced their Accounts to this Board for the said Year: And the same were examined, and found to be true and perfect; and there appeared to be due from the said Accounts, to balance their said Accounts, the Sum of Forty six Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing.

By Sir George Walter and Thomas Cotton Esquire, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That the said Balance Sum of Forty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing be paid by Mr. Richard Movers toMr. Scarlet, the present Churchwarden, and Surveyor of the Highways, of the said Parish $ and that his Receipt be taken for the fame.

At

[74i-

*722.

ens.

t their aimed,

d.

10}

10}

9

ith

he

d.

15 Geo. II.

Mail.

211

N* li.

At a Meeting in the Vestry, Tuesday, March the 25th 1725. Present,

Dr. John Petting, Mr. William Green,

Captain Charles Madock, Mr. Thomas Fenn,

Mr. Richard Duke,

Mr. Middleton, In. 1 ,

Mr. kfoto m;, j Churchwardens.

Ordered, That the several Persons hereunder named be summoned to appear at this Vestry, on Monday the 29th Day of this instant March, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in order to take upon them such Offices as are here under-mentioned.

Mr. Nicholas Saunders, Y a Mr. Peter Noyfe, J

Mr. John Greener, Mr. Thomas Rumball, f

Mr. Philip Jones, £-5 Mr. Robert Hodson, (kg

Mr. Craigg, JI Mr. Detunla-j

barrat.

For Leicester-Fields Division:

Mr. David, Allen,

Mr. Spencer,

Mr. Charles Lacy,

Mr. Thomas Harrison*

Several Persons, summoned to serve Scavenger for the Year ensuing, to appear at the Time and Place aforesaid,

V/Z.

Edward Sankey, of Greek-Street, Grocer, \King's-Square, Thomas Peckett, of Moor-Street, Brazier,) Division. Daniel Burgoyne, of Little Newport Street, Leicester-Card-maker,

George Hughes, of Gerrard-Street, Victualler,) Division.

N° 22.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, March 29th 1725.

Dr. Petting, Mr. Richard Duke,

John Nicholas Esquire, Mx.Wm. Green,

George Walter Esquire, Mr 1dm. Tame,

John Laynge Esquire, Mr. Thomas Ay tiffe,

Jacob blagney Esquire, Mr. Fenn,

Captain Charles Madock, Mr. John MiddletonC\\uxch-

Mr. William Baker, warden.

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert,

The Persons that were by the last Vestry summoned to appear, and to undertake such Offices as the Vestry should appoint, did accordingly appear; and then the Board did proceed to Election; and is as followeth; viz. Mr. Nicholas Sanders, 1 ,

Mr. John Greener, J Churchwardens.

Thomas Rumball,

Peter Noyfe,

David Allen,

Thomas Harrison,

Thomas Picket,

Thomas Sankey,

Daniel Burgoyne,

George Hughes,

Thomas Ingram,

Thomas Richmond,

Thomas Rayner,

Richard Sutton, Richard Movers.

Wm. Baker, Richard Young, Richard Duke,

Churchwardens.

SeleQ Pari Hi Veftxies.

Greener, umball, 'J

irrifon, )

' )

me, (

Overseers of the Poor.

Scavengers Elect.

Church-f wardens.

Oferfm* of tti» Poor.

N‘ 23.

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room, Monday the 26th April 1736.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Petting Thomas Cuthbert,

Rector, Thomas Ayliffe,

The Names hereafter mentioned, being approved of at the last Vestry, were again presented to this Board, for Election of Officers for this present Year 1736; viz.

Mr. Richard Movers, of Newport-Market,

Mr. Edward Scarlett, of King-Street,

Mr. Jonathan But tall, of D*

Mr. Wm* Chefholme, of Newport-Street,

Mr. Edward Sankey, of Greek-Street,

Thomas Blefh, of Greek-Street, T Charles Afbee, of D° f Overseers of the

James Mitchell, of Compton-Street, C Poor.

Bernhard Shelhajfee, of King-Street, 3 "% ( Thomas Chilton, of Cranborm-Passagefi

I ] Samuel France, of Earl's-Court (

J Peter Lavett, of Newport-Street, f

3 ( James Jarman, of King-Street, J Whereupon,

This Board proceeded to Eiedtion; and Richard Movers anti Mr. Edward Scarlet were duly chosen Church^ wardens: And Mr. Thomas Blefh, Charles Afbee, Mr. Thomas Chilton, and Mr. James Jarman, were duly chosen (Nemine contradicente) Overseers of the Poor for this present Year 1736; and were ordered to be appointed by his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace; and also to be published in the Church, Sunday next.

N° 24*

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room on Monday \ ith April

1737-

Present,

Dr. John Petting Rector, Mr. Wm. Baker,

Mr. Richard Young, Mr. Thomas Ingram,

Mr. Richard Duke, Mr. Thomas Richmond,

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert, Philip Jennings El quire.

Mr. Thomas Ayliffe,

Mr. Richard Movers,7 , j

Mr. Edmund Scarlett, \ Churchwardens.

The Names of the several Persons hereafter mentioned, having been approved of at the last Vestry, for serving the respective Offices of Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of this Parish, for the succeeding Year, they were, pursuant to Minute of last Meeting, summoned to attend this Board this Day, in order for some of them to be elected into those Offices; viz.

(Here the Churchwardens and Overseers Names in ferted.)

Whereupon this Board proceeded to Election; and Mr. Edward Scarlett, and Mr. Wm. Chisholm are duly chosen Churchwardens; and Mr. William Twifs and Mr. Nathanael Adams, Mr. Wm. Dean, and Mr. Barnard Shelhafe, were likewise chosen Overseers of the Poor of this Parish for the current Year 1737.

Ordered, That the said William Twifs, Nathanael Adams, Wm. Dean, and Bernhart Shelhafe, be accordingly appointed Overseers of the Poor of this Parish, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of this Parish; and that Publication thereof be made in this Parish Church, on Sunday 17 th instant.

ffices and Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

merits* perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

?stain iuded Refolded, That this House will, upon Thvrfday Morn-^being *ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tmbers. VOL. 24.

House, upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Linen next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufaaurrt to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Lmens in the said Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

an

5" Mali. A. 1741.

Mercurii, 50 die Mail;

Anno 150 Georgii II41 Regis, 1742.

+ Prayer*.

Answer to A/f & Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. i.VJL Address of Monday last (that his Majesty would begracioully pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Petition, and Answer, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Walcott’* The k°rck have Passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling Part of the Marriage-Portion of Mary late Wife of John Walcott Esquire; and also Part of his settled Estate in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for securingan Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Male: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Byrom's In- Sir Thomas Drury reported from the Committee, to ration of whom the Bill for securing to John Byrom, Mailer of Arts, Writing" of publishing and teaching for Hire, by

himself, or such as he shall depute, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-Hand, invented by him, was committed^. That the Committee had exa-'mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fold for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Insolven whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was com- Detoon mitted, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers Linen in Linen, within the Town of Paisley, in behalf of them-' Manufacture. selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the Progress already made in the Manufacture of Linen in North Britain; which, as the Petitioners allege, would be considerably promoted by discontinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen, carried to our American Settlements, and allowing a Drawback on British Soap, used in whitening of Linen Cloth, Linen-Yarn, and Thread, of our Home Manu-fastnre: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give such Encouragement to this Staple, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

LordCaven- An ingrossed from the Lords, intituled, An Act distVs Quaii- to enable James Cavendish Esquire, com only called Lord fication. James Cavendish, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the JLnjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Coke, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Fere, Mr. Gy bbon.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Fox, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Hynde Cottony Mr. Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Torke, Mr. Shut tie worthy Lord Strange, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ellis, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Glanville, Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord Barrington, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Legge, Lord Gage, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Williams, Dr. Butler, Mr. Winford, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkin-Jon, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Carew, Mr. South-well, Mr. Brereton', Sir John Glynne, Mr. Powell, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hayward, Sir Hugh Smithson; and all the Members who serve for the County of Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CarUngford’. for vesting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, te* Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sltgoer and elsewhere in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of grands Earl of Cqrlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be

A Bill for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen Preventing by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or Mischiefs by near Cities and Towns, was read a Second time. j£cp, ng,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mayor eunpow er* of London, Alderman Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Cornezvall, Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Erasmus Philips, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Edwin,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Bowles, Sir James Grant, Alderman Ewer, Alderman Marshall, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Pryfe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Watson, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Gybbon. Sir John Turner, Mr. Grenville, Mr, Geo ^Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Pytt,

Mr. Sydenham, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Strange, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Coke, Mr. Carew, Mr. Williams, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Win-ford, Mr Smith, Mr. Phillips, Mr Selwyn, Mr. Bowes,

Lord Charles Hay, Sir N. Curzon, Sir John Chapman,

Mr. Saville, Mr. Finch, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chaffin, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, General Wade, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Guernsey, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Clutter buck,

Mr. Hayward, Lord Perceval, Sir John Croffie, Lord Limerick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offices and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Empby-upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to ®*nts. qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read:

Ajid the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

GOOgfe

Leave of

Absence.

Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Enquiry into Earl of Or-f Orel’s Con-dud.

Printing the Journals.

nporiatlon t Spanish Wines.

15 Geo. II.

5° — 6* Mail

it

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to indemnify such Persons as have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their Aftfent and Consent to the same within the Time limited by Law.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corelv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telte for Iht Yeas, } «3-

rdtafoMbeNoe.^*-1- } 6,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be commi tted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Frank land have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for taking, examining, and (latingj the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, acquainted the House, That the Committee, in the Course ot their Enquiry, find themselves under a Necessity of examining, in the most solemn Manner, "Thomas Lezvis Esquire, a Member of this House:

And Mr. Lewis, in his Place, declared, That he was willing to attend the Committee, whenever they shall think fit to require it.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of printing the Journals of this House; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Da/lnvood, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Winnington, Lord Strange, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Gyb-bon, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Doddington, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Carew, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bowes, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Torke, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Legge, Mr. WIndicate, Sir Hen. Lyddal, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Gage, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Cor new all. Lord Noel Somersett, Mr. Boone, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Fox, Alderman Heathcote, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Winford, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Berkeley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gore, Lord Barrington, Mr. Powell, Lord Guernsey, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Archer, Lord Hartington, Mr. Vane, Lord Limerick, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Glynne, Dr. Butler, Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Downing, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Perceval, Mr. Robert Williams; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines:

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And One of the Counsel for the Bill was further heard:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, by way of Reply:

And the Counsel for and against the Bill being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Vol. 24.

Jovis, 6* die Mail;

Anno 150 Georgii IId! Regis, 1742. Prayers.

MR. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bin, and made leveril Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Marriage Portion of Mary late Wife of John Walcoi Esquire, and also Part of his let-tied Estate, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Male, was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bligh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Castles, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Dcwne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for raising, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, his Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,-was committed, That the Committee had examined and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directetf him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he, delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for -Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the- Bill; atnd which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the 3 I Report

Colchester Hospitals and Poor.

Walcot’s

Estate.

Blundell’*

Estate.

Offices and Employment*.

Danith Troops, Sec.

214

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put Thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, An Account of the Charge of the Danish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Danish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th December 1741, to the 3d

March 1741-2, both inclusive: And also,

A. 174a.

An Account of the Charge of the Hessian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741 inclusive: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Hessian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th December 1741, to the 25th December 1742, both inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1742: And also,

Estimate of the Chafge of the Officers appointed to attend the Hospital of the Service of the Forces in Flanders, commencing the aotli of March 1741-2, and ending the 24th December 1742, both Days inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimates were read.

The said Accounts and Estimates are as follow} viz.

6° Mali.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of 1,194 Horse, and 5,692 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Denmark in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 85th Day of December 1741, inclusive, being 275 Days; together with Levy-money of 919 Supernumeraries.

Pay in Holland Money j Reduced irto Sterling,

for 275 l)a)s. at i oCr. 10/. unite ‘‘ound*

Numbers. Gilders. St. /. j. d.

The ordinary Pay of the Horse - - - 1,194 321,8j6 17 — 30,656 16 IOj

The ordinary Pay of the Foot - - - 5,692 640,907 7 2* 6i, Oj8 15 10f

6,886 962,804 4 91 95 12 9 69.841 5 4?

Granted by Parliament for tins Service - - - - 733.333 6 8

Remains to be paid 229,470 17 6 21.854 7 4f 2,087 a 4

The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the said 275 Days -Levy Money for 919 Men taken into his Majesty’s Service, over and above the 6,000 ltipulated by the Treaty; viz. 227 Troopers, at 80 Crowns Bank Money each - - 18,160 692 Foot Soldiers, at 30 Crowns each - 20,760 Crowns 38,920 2I>9I4 IS

Which, at 41. 8 each, amounts - - -Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Waggon-money, Forage, (sic. to the said Troops, during the Campaign, from the 1 ith of to the 8th of November 1741, when they went into their Winter-Quarters, m ' m 9,081 6 8

being 90 Days - - - -Charge of Ferries for the said Troops over the Elbe, 4,447 .38 R. D. *38.735 3 3i 13,212 17 5

at 41. id.- 1,037 15 8

Total War-Office, 5th May 1742. - - £. 47>173 9 5i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,194 Horse, and 5,692 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Denmark in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the 3d Day of March 1741-2, both inclusive, being 68 Days.

Pay in Holland Money Reduced inio Sterling,

for 68 Days. at 10G. 10/. to the Pound.

Number*. Gilders* St. C

The ordinary Pay of the Horse - 1,194 79,596 6 2% 7,58° 11 —

The ordinary Pay of the Foot - «-_ - 5,692 158,478 18 2f 15,093 4 6*

6,886 238,075 4 5$ 22,673 16 6£

The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the feme Time The extraordinary Charge on Account of Straw, Firing, Waggons for the Sick, and other Necessaries, during their Winter-Quarters, amounting to 30,843.34 . 1 Dollars, at the Rate of 5 Dollar* 12 6,141 8 6 584 *7 10*

Gtofs to a Pound Sterling The ordinary Pay of the Horse and Foot of the said Troops for 42 Days, 5.7g3 4 9»

allowed to them at their Return into their Country, pursuant toTreaty 147,046 9 14,004 8 5

D® to the General Officers for d® Time ----- 3.793 4 8 361 5 7

Waggon-money on their Return for the General Officers and Troops - For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Hdmburgh, for 68 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1741, exclusive, to the 3d Day of March 174^, inclusive, pursuant to 12,012 — i,i44 44.551 *3 3

Treaty, at 41. id. per CroWn ----- u 6,520 10 nf

"War-Office, 5th May 1742- Total - 5 . Yonge, - - £’ 51,072 4

15 Geo. It.

.6° Mail.

2X5

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,9*08^0^, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse*Cajjell, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the ijjth Day of December 1741, jn-elusive, being 275 Days.

- - Pay irrHollaitd Money for 271 Rays. a Reduced into Sterling, ' t ibG.io/.to the Pound. , -f , r' 1 i(l-r

- Numbers. The ordinary Pay of the Horse - -- -- - - 1,264 The ordinary Pay of the Foot - - - - 4,908 Gilders. 6t. 3^9>°37 3 4 558,06® 5 / ’ 1 rrf r 1 HU ’ ': . 35,146 7 lOi: 53,148 1 if io|

6,172 Granted by Parliament for this Service - - - 9*7,097 4 797,500 88,294 19 91 75.952 7 411 . J:U

Remains to be paid ----- The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the said 275 Days - -The ordinary Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery, for the said 275 Days - Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the General Officers, during the Campaign, being 90 Days, from the 29th Day of July to the 26th Day of October 1741, both inclusive. when they went intotheir Winter-Quarters D* to the Four Regiments of Horse and Six Regiments of Foot, during the said Time - -D* to the Officers, ffof the Artillery Cor -d* Time, the same only as to a Company of Foot - -- - -- - -Waggons allowed to the General Officers during the Campaign, being 90 Days ----- D° allowed to the Six Regiments of Foot, during the said Time D* for the Train of Artillery for d° Time -Forage for General Officers and Troops for dp Time Extraordinary Charges for Straw, Wood, and Waggons, for the Sick - 129,597 4 34,581 5 — i 31,258 6 8 i6,435 8 — l6,800 240 8.955 — — 16,200 — 5,220 76,680 — T- 12,342,12 5 3,293 9 — , 2,976 19 7t" 1,565 5 6i 1,600 -i 42 17 l| 852 17 1i 1,542 17 i| 497. 2 ioi 7,302 17 li 1,312 9 —

Total - - 33.309 7 —

War-Office, 3th May 174a. Yongt.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4^08 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJ'e-Caffell in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741* the 25th Day of December 174^, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

- Pay in Holland Money for 365 Days. Reduced into Sterling, at 10G. ioj. to the Pound.

Numbers. The Pay of the Horse - - - - 1,264 The Pay of the Foot - 4>9°8 Gilders. St. 489,812 19 4 740,698 3 — £ d. 46,648 17 — 70,542 13 7

6,17a The Pay of the General Officers - - - The Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery - 1,230.5" 2 4 45.898 15 — 41,488 6 8 117,191 10 72 4,371 6 2 { 3.,951 5 4

For the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Amsterdam^ payable for these Forces, from tte 125th Day of December 1741, exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1742, inclusive, being 36 5 Days, computed at 4 j. 9? d. per Crown - - - - i,3i7,898 4 — 125,514 2 1 { 36,093 15 —

' Total ~ - - - l6l,607 I7 If

War-Office, 5th May 1742.

mil Yonge.

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon-money, tec. for the Year 1742, these being only payable during the Campaign.

VOL. 24.

ESTIMATE

2i 6

60 Mail. 1742,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Forces in Flanders, commencing the loth of March 1741, and ending the 24th Day of December *742, both Days

inclusive.

Per Diem.

Commander in Chief - - - ~ - " £ 10 "

Four Aids de Camp at 10s. each - - ~ 2

Tjiree Lieutenants General, each £. 4. - " " -12

Two Aids de Camp to each* at tos. - - - 3 " —

Four Majors-General — each £. 2. - - - 3 _

One Aid dc Camp to each, at ioj. - - 2 ——

Eight Brigadiers-General, each £. 1. 10 s. - - - -12-----

One Major of Brigade to each, at ior. - - "4-----

Quarter-Mailer General - - " - — i° —

Deputy Quarter-Mailer General - -- - - — 5 —

Secretary to the Commander in Chief - - ~ - — 10 —

Deputy Judge-Advocate - 10 —

Provost-Marshal 6 s. and Two Men, each 3 s. - - — 12 —

Physician to the Commander in Chief - " - " — 10 —

Chaplain to the Commander in Chief - - - — 68

£- 56 3 8

Contingencies upon Account, £. 10,000.

Which, for 280 Days, from the 20th of March 174^, to the 24th of -December following, in- £. s. d. eluding the £. 10,000, for Contingencies, amounts to: 25,731. 6.- 8.

War-Office, May 6th, 1742.

Will. Tonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital of the Service of the Forces in Flanders, commencing the 20th Day of March 174!, and ending the 24th of December 1 742, both Days inclusive.

Per Diem. J For 280 Days.

Director, for himself and Clerks - - - - Physician - - - - Surgeon - - - Four Mates, each 5 s. - - - - l :\ - - Apothecary - - V Two Mates, each 5 s. - - - Matron ----- £ s. d. 1 5 — IO IO — — 26 £. s. d.

4 17 6

Which, for 280 Days, from the 20th of March 1741, to the .24th of De-. cember following, both Days inclusive, amounts to - *.3^5

War-Office, May 6th, 1742.

Will. Yonge,

Supply Bill;

Bank

Agreement.

MisappU-cation of Public Money in Georgia.

Ditto

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do lie Copy of the Answer of the Trustees for establishing upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the the Colony of Georgia in America to the said Petition of House. jThomas Stevens, dated the 3d May 1742.

The said Petition and Answer are bound up with the . Mr* Francis Fane presented to the House, according to other Papers of this Session.

Order, a BilLfor establishing an Agreement with the Ordered, That the said Petition and Answer do lie

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for ad- upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the vancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for House.

the Service of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Ordered, That Thomas Stevens do. Tomorrow Morn-Conditions as are therein mentioned: And the same was ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom received; and read the First time. it is referred to consider of his Petition, and bring with

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. him his Appointment to be Agent for the People in

Georgia; as also all written Instructions he may have re-Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ceived from them for the Discharge of that Office, of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of

the Petition of ’Thomas Stevens, Agent for, and in behalf The Lord Ferceval reported from the Committee, to Selea ParKh of, the People of Georgia in America, That they do admit whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Vestries. Counsel to be heard for and against the said Petition, if several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne

the Parties concerned therein think fit. St. James^ St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Marl

garety within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Petition of respective Parishes, was referred. That the Committee Thomas Stevens, who stiles himself Agent for the People having been informed by John Cullis, a Petitioner, and a

of Georgia, to his Majesty, dated the 26th of March Witness in behalf of such of the Petitioners as are Pa-

1742': And also, rilhioners

5 Geo. II*

& Mail.

rifhioness of the Parish of St. Janies, of A Mattefr tthding to fix a Charge upon John Laroche Esquire, a Mem- .1 ber of this House, Commissioner of the Land Tax, and One of the Vestry of the said Parifivatid having entered into the Examination thereof, thought it incumbent upon them to report the same specially to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was' read; and is as follows.; viz.

In the Course of this Examination, Mr. Cartwright, One of the Agents for the Petitioners, and a Petitioner, having insinuated. That the Members of the Vestry being likewise Commissioners of the Land Tax, holding their Meetings in the Vestry Room, and having the Vestry-Clerk for the Clerk to that Commission, had exercised their Powers partially as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in the View to affect the Parish Rates, which were regu- iated in this Parish in proportion to this Tax.

The said Mr. John CuUis, formerly Assessor of the Land Tax in the Years 1738 and 1/740, gave Evidence* as to the Exercise of this Power, That, in the Year 5739 or r740, hevand his Partner having affeficdrtf/. James's Street Wardy he delivered in his Afieffrrienti That the Method:isy.after delivering in this Assessoitent', for the Assessors to receive Copies of the Assessment from the Gdmmissioners to sign, by which the Tax is afterwards collected: That Mr. RufiatVeftry^Clerk, and also Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax, did: brinjg the Witness, the Copy of his Assessrncht to sign; whifch he desired Two or Three Hours tb look-Over, that he might (ee Whether it tallied with his forme?Assessment: That thereupon, Mr. Rufiat, the Clerk, said, What does it signify ¥ and took it aWay without his signing: That afterwards, when the Collector came about to Collect the Money, the Witness had the Curiosity to look upon this Assessment; and that the Collector did not care to let the Witness inspect the Assessment; which nevertheless he did; and that be found his Name inserted by another Hand, without his Content or Knowledge.

- Being then questioned. Whether there-was any. Alteration made in the Rate brought to him, from that which he had first delivered in

He answered, That there was an Alteration with regard to John Laroche Esquire, a Member of this House, who was rated at £. 130. the last Year; in which he, the said Cuflis, was Assessor; and that thinking him over-rated, he had reduced him to/[.i00. in the Assessment which he had delivered in; but that in the Copy of the Assessment, of which he spoke, he found that he had been: reduced to £. 80.

Being then asked. In what Year this Occurrence happened ? and required to consider well before he gave his Answer, he said it was in the Year 1740.

Being further questioned. In what Book he law;Mr. Laroche assessed at £. 130

He said. That, before he was an Assessor, he filw that Sum remarked upon the opposite blue Leaf by the old Assessors.

And, lastly, being required to say. Whether he had ever seen Mr. Laroche's House rated lower than at £.100. before he assessed it at £.100 r he answered. That he could not say he had.

It appears, nevertheless, by the Collecting Book, signed by himself in the Year 1738, That the House of Mr. La) oche was rated no more than £. 92.

Whereupon Mr. Rufiat being called in, and required to give an Account of this Abatement, answered, That \ the House of Mr. Laroche vas reduced from £. 100. to £. 80. upon an Appeal to the Commissioners of the Land Tax in the Year 1737-

The Minute Book of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, from 1731 to 1741> being then produced, it appeared by an Entry, dated October the 7th, 1737, That at a Meeting upon Appeals, at which time many Persons were allowed a Reduction of their Assessments, Mr. Laroche was then reduced from £. 10c. to £. 80.

The Collectors Books of the Years 1738, 1739, and , Vol. C4.

174b, being likewise produced, Mr. Cullis acknowledged* Select Parish That the Rate of the Year 1738 was signed by him. . Vestric*.

And it appeared to your Committee, That, in the Year 1738, the^ouse of Mt. Laroche was rated At£. 92; in the Year 1739, it £ 8i i and in the Year 1740, at £.106.

Upon which Evidence, the Committee observe,

1 ft; That John Cullis having affirmed. That Mr. Laroche had been assessed at £.130. the Year whetl he was last Assessor (nieaning the Year 1738), appears to Have asserted a notorious Falsehood* Mr'. Laroche being proved by the Collecting Book of that Year, signed by the said himself, to have been assessed at no more than £.92. adiy, That the Assertion of the said John Cullis, That he, in his Assessment delivered in, in the Year 1740, had reduced Mr. Laroche from £.130. to £. 100; appears to be another palpable Untruth; the Fact being evident from the Books of the Collectors, that Mr. Laroche was never rated at £.130; and that, in the place of reducing the Rate of Mr. Laroche from £.130. to£. 100. the said John Cullis had raised the Rate of the said Mr. Laroche from £.81. to £* 100.

And the Resolution of the House, of the 8th Day of A Pefloti December last. That it it shall appear, fhdt any Person hath given falle Evidence in any same before this Hodfe, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender, being read;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That John Cullis having, in hisExamihation before a Committee of this House, wilfully aid maliciously given false Evidence, tending to asperse the Character of John Laroche Esquire, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a high Misdemeanor; and a‘}3rcach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said John Cullis be. for his laid Offence, committed Prisoner to bi&

Majesty’i Gaol of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordi ngly.

.The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Stowerbridgj Confideution the Report from the Committee, to whom Parish. the Bill for making the Town of Slowerbridge} in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of Oldfwhiford, in the- said County: and for making a Pro^* vision for the Minister of the said new Parish, and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof; was committed j

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Counfei fox and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Report was read:

.And the Petition against the said Bill, whick wdspre-fented. to the House upon the 30th Day of April last, was read:

And the C.ounfel against the said Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses;

And the Counfei for the said Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence:

And the Counfei against the Bill was heard by way of Reply:

And the Counselforand against the Bill being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow At Twelve protestion ot of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Trade dur-3 K House> int

jiS6.

218

House* upon the Sill fot the better Rrote&iag and Se* curing of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in Titties of War.

Exportation Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, of Wool. refQ|ve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Customp-ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Certain Offi* Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

eert excluded ]ftg nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^eing cm fjoufe^ Upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till To-moirow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6* — j* Maii.

A\ 1742.

ywerisy y° die Mali; Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Brooke’s

Lunacy.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Att Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lutiatick, fron> aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cpimmittee wfiple House. , :.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monaay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whcle Hqufe, upon the said Bill.

Buck’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act KlUte. for confirming certain Estates in the County oiHertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck Baronet, deceased, to the Trustees of Fulke tireville Esquire, during his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, dischargea from the Equity of Redemption, which the Infant Son and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thefeon: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cornwall, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Ashby, Lord Harry Rowlett, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Finch, Mr. Aifaby, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Gybbon. Sir Thomas Drury, Sir N. Qtcrzon, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Boone, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Peachy, Akferman Lambert, Mr. Torke, Mr. Clev land, Mr. Manfell, Mr. Ca'ew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. IVhichcote, Mr. Gzvynn, Sir Tho nas Cave, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Arfcott} and all the Members who fetve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Bucks, Essex, Hertford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lowther hzxz Leavelogo Absence. Raf^ for the Recovery of his Health.

Supply Bill; A Bill for establishingan Agreement with the Governor &*nk and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a Agreement. certain Sum of Money towards the Supply, for the Service of the Year 174a, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, was'rdad a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

- Resolved, That the Brill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee1 of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the

Absence. 'Country for a Month, upon exttaordinary Occasions.

Mr> Whichcot prefer!ted to the House, according to Lawsrefp Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the ine Rogue ijth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for ^"ndya|ac' amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, c Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the feme into One Act of Parliament* and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction i And the feme was re* ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bril be printed.

An ingrafted Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for veiling the - several Castlesr Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Monbague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for railing, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, hte:Daughter, and for. other Purposes therein mentioned*, was read the Third time.

: Resolved\ That the Bill do pass,

Otdered, That Air. B/igh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to tile feme, without any Amendment.

, Afl ingrafted BiH for securing to John Byrom, Mxftdr of Arts, the sole Righc of publishvng, and teaching for shon hand Hire* by himself, or such . as he shall depute, for a cor* Writing, tain Term of Years* the Art and Method of Short-band, invented; by him, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the.Title be* An Act for featuring to John Byrom, Mailer of Arts* the lose Right of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-hand invented by him.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Housey according to Order* resolved itself into a Prote&lon of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for thfe Tradeduring better Protecting and Securing of the Trade and Nlvi- ar‘ gation of this Kingdom, in Times of War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayoir of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.' Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordmdy That the Report be leceived upon Tuesday Morning next.

r ~: '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Misapplic*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to «°n of Public consider of the Petition of Thomas Steens, Assent for, and J*oney in behalf of, the People of Georgia in America; eorgu.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition. —

Ordered, That the said Thomas Stevens do then attend the said Committee, and bring with him his Appointment to be Agent for the People in j as also all

written Instructions be may have received ftom them for the Diltharge of that Office.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into:a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his MajestyV Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further df Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to:his Majesty;

Resolved,

GOOgl

15 Geo. II.

.Resolved, That this House vrUl, \lp6ri Wedcfday Morning next, resolve itself into the kid Committee.

Linen The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Manafaduret. tef0jve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the subscribipg Merchants of the City of London, and others. Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the said Petition.; ,

Insolvent The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the

Debtors, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Billfor Relief of insolvent Debtors* was committed

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read,; \:

The House refoived itself intoa Committeeojf the whole 00 House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Cullmpton, in the County of Devon, whole Names- are thereunto subscrib^i ^hdralfo ^f the several other Peti-- tions referred to the Qoniideration of: the kid Qotnauttce. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.; \; \\ri; '

Mr, Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the CJiatir.'

! Mr. Carew reported fiofrt the Committee; that they , toad made.a further ProgreTs in the Matter to them referred; and that h* Was dlfefted by the Committee tt> fnove, That they may have LekVe to fit again. Resolved, That this House Wil), upon Monday'Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of th* Petition Of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the TeWn of Custompton, in the County of Pev&n, whose Names are thereunto fubfscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred ;to the Consideration of the said Committee.

yirmpton

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffuk his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to rbnke out a nfcw Writ, for the Electing of a Burgefc to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymptont in the County of Devon, in the room of Thomas Clutterbnck Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough; hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

>-----, -----:---:----- :-: , ^JL ...»

Lunce, jo° die Maii;

Anno f-5* Georgii. IIdi.Regis, 1742.

PRAYEttS. ' wt- Bridge TiytfR* Joli/fe reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. /tVX the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one mad* in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Jafe Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Peters-'field, to the Town of Porlfmonlh, in the County of South-\ampion, and another Act made" in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for en-Jarging the Term in and by the kid Act granted; and for '6ther Purposes therein mentioned; and forerilarging the ‘Term and Powers by the said hft-mentioned Act granted; was committed, That the Committee had examined the 'Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Vol. 24.

Report in his Place y and afterwards delivered the Bill*

With the Amendments,1 in at the.Clerk’s Table: V^nere the Amendments were Once read througbdut; and then h Second time* One by ohe; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, With A mend meats to several of tfvcnf, agreed tb b!y ih« , Hpu(e. , ,r

tyrdered, That the tiill^ wjith the Amendments* be ingrofeed.-- . i,

An. ingrafted fell to-render mdre efeftual an A^t Colchefki-. made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his Hospiuhand late Majesty King JVifliam the Third, intituled, An A & 1>00fi

for erecting Hospitals and Workhousiftvyithin th$T£wa of xCohhefier-, in the County of Essex, for Ac betterj^m-‘ . /

plqyliig and maintai ttin^he Poor thereof, w$$ read, the Third time. . ‘

Resolved, That the fei|i db pass: Add th^t the Title hr*

An Act to render more effectual an Act rha'de in the Njj^th:and Tenth YearsroT the Reign of his late Majesty XinfyPPilliam the Third, intituled, An Act for’ erecting Hospital and Worshouses within the Town of Cclchester, in the County of Mssex, f9'r the better employing and maintaining thp Poor thereof.

Ordered, That ‘iVJrV Gray do carry ihe fell to the Lords, and desire their Concurrent;^1, . r"

Ordered, That Mr, Alexander Murray have Leave "to Leave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Ab<"eIlcc* Occssions. . ,v‘’

Aq iogrofied fell from the Lords, intituled, An Afe Walcbtt’i for vesting Part of tjhe Marriage Portion of Mary late Wife of John Walcott Esquire, and also Part of his settled Eftat.e;.in Trusteesj for railing Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the ^e-nent of his Heir Male, was read a Sepond- time.

\ Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rram-fion. Sir John Ajlley, ’ Mr. Lyster, Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Sir William, Carew. Sir Robert Abdy, Sir John St. Auhin, Sir Edward Bering, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr.

Rickard Williams, Mr. Carew, Mr. Grayi Mr. Savillet Mr. (Srove, Mr. Pfillips, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Robert Grof-venor,^Ar. Foley junior, Mr. ft inford. Sir William Bagof, 1 ’Sir Francis Dashwood, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr.

.Andrew Hill, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Drury,

Mr. Cotton, Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Bance, Mr. For-Jler, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bliglt, Mr. Lechmere*

.Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Grenvillei Dr. Butler, Mr. Arfcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop,

[Essex, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

I An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Benttey’i ‘for confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees Bequeit fof of the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth Part of U €Si Fit diet's Field, in the County of Middlesex, to the surviving Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change Alley,

London, Goldsmith and Banker, deceased* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gray, Mr. Carew,. Mr. Oswald, Mr. Boonei Mr. Saville, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Gore, Mr;

Lechmere, Mr. Grenville, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Dawkins, Mr.'Wentworth, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Cake, Lord Perceval, Mr. Williams, Sir N. Curzon, Sir John Chester,

Mr. Smith, Sir Harry Northcote, Mr. Moor, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Price, Mr. Ross, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Strode,

Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Winfori, Mr. Wilkinson. Lord Guernsey, Mr. James Grant, Mr. Soutwell, Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Harley, and all the Members who ferte for the Counties of Wilts, Middlefen, and City of tendon:. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the CIbck, in the Speakers Chamber,

o8

4*Maii.

A. 1742.

Present,'

TV Reverend Mr. Dew J

Pearce Vicar,

Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Robert Watson,

Mr. Abel Aldridte,'

John Huggins Esquire,

Mr. John Jones,

Mr. John Carpenter,

Mr. Baftnijler, Mlfti Tftfker,

Mr. Thomas Siddall,

Mr. Lancelot Fibarf,

Philip Craig Esquire,

Collet Matfihtod,.

The Honourable fidward Southwell Esquire,

Mr. Peter Jownard

| Churchwardens.

N* 5.

At a Vestry held jn St. M*$ Vestry Room in St. Martin's Lane on Easter Monday, March the 49th, 1725.

PrefenU:

The Reverend Dr. Zachary7., ~ D

Pearce Vic*r, _ }Mr

fienry Southouse, Esquire, Mr. Wm. Bentley,

Mr. John Belly Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. John Hall, Mr. John Robinson,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Thdmas Millington,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Gj/ef Harris,

Mr. Henry Hay dock.

they had not signed the said Accounts, but desired the Leave of this Board so to do.

This Board apprehending, that the Money so applied to the Church Account, was through Inadvertency; it is therefore ordered, That the said Auditors be impow~ ered to lign the said Accounts.

N° 7.

St. Martin in the Fields. At a Vestry held in the Vestry Room in and for the said Parish> on Monday the 27 th Day of July, in the Year of our Lord 1741.

Present,

nr%rz£.T

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Lancelot Ft bart,

Mr. Wm. I»eefon,

Mr. John Carpenter.

Mr. Wm. Grimes,

Mr. Thomas Utah Sir John Colebatch Knight,

‘Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Roger Millart Esquire,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr, Mn Walker,

Mr. John Sawcer,

Ordered, That the Re->/r c r uc verend Dr. Zachary Pearce,j®*?SouthovSe Ef<lu, re’

Churchwardens*

Mr.-John Hall,

Mr.<Thomas Head,

Mr. Henry Warcopp, Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. Wm* Bentley,

Mr. John Robtnfon,

Mr. Thomas Midington, Mr. Gilef Hams,

Mr.John' Bell,

Mr. Wm. Grimes,

Sir Jtfin Colebatch Knight, Roger Millart Esquire,

Mr. James Rainge,

Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Henry Hay dock, and the Two Churchwardens, and any other Gentlemen of the Vestry that pleafo, be appointed Auditors of the Churchwardens apd Overseers Accounts bf last Year.

N* 6.

At a Meeting of the Vestry in St. Martin's Vestry Room, February the 4th, 1725.

Present,

Sir Christopher Defbouverie Knight,

Mr. Benjamin Cox,

Mr* Peter Joumard,

Mr. Thomas Siddall,

Mr. John Kirk,

Mv'.Wm.’wood"’ } Churchwardens.

The Account of Thomas Middleton, Collector of the Two Half-yearly Rates for the Nightly Watch and Beadles of this Parish, for the Year ending on the 3d Day of May last past, being made up, and delivered to this Vestry, and a-Balance appearing to be due thereon from the said Accountant, of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence; it is ordered by this Vestry, That the said Thomas Middleton do pay over the said Balance into the Hands of Mr. Thomas Siddall; and that the said Account, as well as the Account of all Monies received and paid in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, be fairly entered in the Book kept for that Purpose, on or before the 20th Day of August next.

N* 8.

St. Martin in the Helds, December 23d, 1741: At a Vestry held this Day in the Vestry Room in and for the said Parish.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Dean}

Pearce Vicar,

Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Geo. Errington,

Mr. Thomas Siddall,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. Benjamin Goodifon,

Mr. Moses Tucker,

Mr. Wm. Wood,

Robert Mann Esquire, Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. John Hall,

Mr. Edward Btdpen, John Bell,

Mr. Roger Affsw, Mr. Henry Warcopp, Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. James Buffar,

Mr.John Robinpn,

Mr. Thomas Boucher, , Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr. Robert Burton,

Mr. Henry Hay dock, Mr. Thomas Millington,

Churchwardens.

John Huggins Esquire,

Mr. Benjamin Cox, . Mr. Abel Aldridge, Mr. Robert Watson, Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Geo. Cure.

s

Churchwardens.

N*

9*

At a Vestry held in St. Martins Vestry Room, December 9th, 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Vicar,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. John Sawcer,

Mr. Abel Aldridge,

The Auditors appointed to audit the Accounts of Mr. John Walker Churchwarden for the Year 1724 last past, reported to this Board, That they had audited the lame, and examined the several Vouchers relating thereto, and found the same just; faveonly, that, by an Order of Vestry, of the 24th of February, in the Year 1724 last past, for impowering the Borrowing of for paying for building the Workhouse lately erected in this Parish, and towards buy ing Necessaries for the fame, Part thereof had been applied to the Church Account; and that therefore 1 19

Henry Southouse Esquire, Francis Burton Esquire, Mr. John Walker,

Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. Andrew Drummond, Mr. Thomas Boucher, John Huggins Esquire, Mr. Roger AJkew,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. John Bell,

Mr. David Kilmaiue, Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. John Robinson,

Mr. Richard Downes, Samuel Grey, Esquire,

Du Pearce,\^ James Rainge,

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. James Bufiar,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. Thomas Millington, Mr. Edward Bui pen,

Mr. Henry Hay dock,

Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Robert Mann Esquire, . Sir John Colebatch Knight, Mr. Edmund Aubery,

Mr. John Hall,

Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Henry Perkins,

Mr. Robert Burton.

Churchwardens.

The

GoOgW

1742.

1 deCred the

V Co applhd rtency; it IQipow*

Fields.

I for the he Year

the

nd

id

o

15 Geo. II.

40 Mali.

209

The Reverend Dr. Pearce having nominated and presented John Horseley, Batchelor of Arts, to be Parish-Clerk, in the Room of Joseph Elliotfon, Master of Arts, deceased; this Board does unanimously approve thereof: And thereupon, the said Dr. Zachary Pearce has pronounced the said John Horseley to be Parish-Clerk, and to enjoy all Fees, Perquisites, and Profits, belonging to that Place.

N* 10.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room, March the 7 th 1726,

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Zachary}*, rr

Pearce Vicar jMn

SiKn?g?^ Dejbouveri

Sir John Co/ebatch Knight, Mr. Roger AJkewe,

John Huggins Esquire,

Henry Southhouse Esquire, Richard Miller Esquire Mr. Collet Maw hood,

Mr. Pauncefote Green,

Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr. John Belly

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert, Mr. Wm. Leefon,

Mr. John Walker, Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr. David Kilmaine, Mr. John Crefwell, Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Churchwardens.

This Board proceeded to the Election or Choice of an Organist, to be Joint-Organist with Mr. John Weldon, now Organist to this Parish; and Mr. Theophilus Cole was chosen Joint-Organist with the said Mr. John Weldon.

Ordered and A greedy That the said Mr. John Weldon and Mr. Theophilus Cole do alternately play this Parish-Organ.

Ordered and Agreed\ That, from Lady-day next, Mr. John Weldon have Twenty Guineas yearly, for h:^ Salary, for playing this Parish Organ; and also, that, from the aforesaid Time, Mr. Theophilus Cole have Twenty Pounds yearly, for his Salary, for playing the said Organ.

N° 11.

St. Martin in the Fields, April the 23d 1740. At a Vestry, held for the said Parish, in the Vestry Room thereof, this 23d Day of April 1740.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. DeanT?

Pearce Vicar,

Mr. John Sawcer,

yJohn Huggins Esquire,

Mr. John Carpenter,

Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. John Cross,

George Ernngton Esquire, William Jones Esquire, Mr. Henry Warcoppy Mr. 'Wm. Housey Mr. Lancelot Vibarty Mr. Thomas Siddally Mr. Daniel Bell,

Mr. Wm. Atkinson,

Mr. James Hay,

Mr. Galfridus Manny Mr. Andrew Drummond', Mr. Wm. Harty,) ,

Mr. Wm. Bannisters, j Churchwardens.

Mr. Moses Tucker, Churchwarden Elect.

Mr. Chnjlopher Harris, Mr. John Jones,

Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr. Benjamin Cox,

"Mr. Wm. Haines,

Mr. Wm. Nindy Mr. Charles Haymany Mr. Henry Hay dock, Mr. John Kirk,

Mr. Abel Aldridge, Mr. Peter Joumardy Mr. John Malloroy, Mr. Collet Mawhoody

Upon reading the humble Petition of John Godfrey, praying this Honourable Vestry would be pleased to elect and chuse him to be Clerk of the Vestry of this Parish, in the Room and Place of Wm. Head, who resigned: And the Question being thereupon put, the said John Godfrey was unanimously elected and chosen Clerk of the Vestry of this Parish, in the Room and Place of the said William Head; and is hereby ordered to give his Attendance thereon accordingly; and that he have and enjoy the like Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, as the said William Head had, and enjoyed.

VoL# 24*

N° 12.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room, on Maundy Thursday, April the 7th 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Dean,) K TJr

Pearce Vicar, _ }Mr Henry Southouse Esquire,

Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr. John Bell,

Mr. Thomas Heady Mr. John Hally Mr. Wm. Grimes,

Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr. Giles Harris, Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. John Sawcer, Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. Roger AJkeWy Mr. Henry Hay dock, Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. David Kilmaine, Mr. Pauncefote Great,

s

Churchwardens.

This Board unanimously requested Mr. Walter Turner, One of the Gentlemen of this Board, to accept of the Office of Churchwatden, in the Room and Place of Mr. Abel AldridgeAnd he was pleased to accept the same accordingly.

Then this Board proceeded to the Nomination of a Churchwarden, to serve with the said Mr. Walter Turner, for this present Year; and Mr. William House was nominated Churchwarden, to serve with the said Mr. Walter Turner.

N° 13.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Monday, April the Present,

The Reverend Dr. Pearce')X!(

Vicar, iMr’

Henry Sout house Esquire, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Head, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Leefony Mr.

Mr. David Kilmaine, Mr.

Mr. Wm. Grimes, Mr.

Mr. John Belly Mr.

Mr. Thomas Boucher, Mr.

Mr. Philip Davis, Mr.

Mr. Geo. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr.

Roger Millart Esquire, Mr.

Mr. John Sawcer,

Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Walter Turner and Mr. William House are hereby chosen and confirmed Churchwardens.

Vestry Room, on Easier nth 1726.

Giles Harris,

Collet Mawhoody James Buffar,

Walter Turner,

Henry Warcopp,

John Robinson,

Pauncefote Green,

Roger AJkewe,

John Hall,

Charles Haymany Henry Hay dock.

Thomas Millington,

| Churchwardens.

N- 14.

St. Martin in the Fields. At a Vestry, held for the said Parish, in the Vestry Room, on Maundy Thursday, April 2id 1736.

Prelent,

TheitDr' z"t"’Y-

Mr. Walter Turner, Mr. Abel Aldridge, Mr. Charles Hay man, Mr. Roger Askew, Mr. Wm. House,

Mr. James Tickner, Mr. Thomas Toung, Mr. Wm. Haines,

Mr. James Buffar, Mr. Henry Warcopp, Mr. Wm. Leefon, Mr. Philip Davis, Mr. John Shackley, Mr. John Carpenter, Mr. John Sawcer, Mr. John Kirk,

Mr. Christopher Harris,

Mr. Peter Joumard, f ni,

Mr. James Freeman, ] Churchwarden,.

The Names of divers Persons were this Day read at this Board, as Persons fitly qualified for serving the Office of Overseers of the P( or of this Parish, for this present Year: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Persons be duly summoned to appear at this Board, on Monday next, at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, to take upon them the said Office.

3 H At

Select Parish Vestrict.

210

A. 1742-

4# Mail

N* 15.

Pwifl* a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room* on l<*' Maunday Thursday, April the 3d 1729.

Present,

TV feTrend Dr' Peane\M'- &*y Mrcopp,

Wm. Gore Esquire,

Francis Burton Esquire, Robert Mann Esquire, Samuel Grey Esquire, Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. Walter Turner,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. John Robinson,

Mr. John Walker,

Mr. Charles Hayman, Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. JF/b. Leefon,

Mr. Alexander Small,

Mr. Charles Corner, Mr. Impey,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. Thomas Boucher,

Mr. Andrew Drummond, Mr. Burton,

Mr. Henry Haydock,

Mr.

Mr. Sawcer,

Mr. JMb Crefwell,

Mr. Abel Aldridge\

Mr. Roger AJkew,

Mr. Rainge,

Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. Edward Bulfen,

Churchwardens.

The Names of divers Persons were this Day read to this Board, as fit and able Persons, qualified for serving the Office of Overseers of the Po n* of this Parish, for this present Year: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Persons be duly summoned to appear at this Board, on Monday next, at Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, to take upon them the said Office.

N° 16.

At a Vestry, held in St. Martin's Vestry Room on Easter Monday, April the 7th 1729.

Present,

Phe Reverend Dr. Pearce ?ur T f Vicar jMr. Wm- Leefon>

Mr. Roger AJkew,

Mr. Pauncefote Green, Mr. Collet Mawhood, Mr. John Bell,

Samuel Grey Esquire, Wm. Gore Esquire, Mr. Walter Turner,. Mr. Henry Haydock, Mr. Thomas Boucher, Mr. Edward Bulpen, Mr. Abel Aldridge,

Mr. Charles Corner, Mr. Elijah Impey,

Mr. John Walker,

Mr. John Sawcer,

Mr. James Buffar,

Mr. Charles Hay man,

Mr. Geo. Gilbert,

Mr. John Crefwell,

Mr. Henry Warcopp,

Mr. Philip Davis,

Mr. Giles Harris,

Mr James Rainge,

Mr. Thomas Millington,

| Churchwardens.

N# 18.

At a Meeting in the Vestry, December 14th 172a. Present,

Dr. John Felling, Mr. Wm. Fame,

Captain Charles Madock, Mr. Wm. Green,

Mr. Wm. Baker, Mr Thomas Ayliffe.

r* %L 1 Churchwardens.

Mr. Thomas Spicer, )

The Scavengers for the Year 1721, produced their

Accounts to this Board: And the same were examined,

and, upon stating the fame.

There appeared to be in the Hands of Mi- \

chael Merchant and Isaac Singleton, Collec- £. s. d.

tors of King' s-Square Division, the Sum of 13 8 io£

As also in the Hands of Peter Legrand

and John Spencer, Collectors \>{ Leicester-

Fields Division - - - 10 12 ioi

24 1 9

Ordered, That the aforesaid Scavengers do forthwith pay unto Mr. William Glasse, present Churchwarden, the Sum of £.23. and the remaining Sum of £.1. is. 9d. be allowed to the said Scavengers to expend.

N° 19.

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room, on Thursday the 13th of December 1733.

Present,

Dr. John Pelling Rector, Thomas Rawer,

Richard Duke, Thomas Ayliffe,

Thomas Ingram, John Layng,

7 7 i Churchwardens.

John Hodson, J

Mr. Henry Knowles, Wm. Winchester, Thomas Dickens, and Francis Malliet, Overseers of the Poor, for the Year 1732, produced their Accounts: And the same were examined, and allowed; and there then remained due to the Parish, to Balance, the Sum of Ninety-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing.

Whereas the said Overseers paid immediately, upon settling their Accounts, the Balance Sum of jf.97. 14s. and 4\cL to the said Churchwarden William Huddle.

Ordered therefore, T\xoX the said Churchwarden William Huddle do expend £.3. 14*. 4\d in treating the said Overseers, in consideration of their Pains and Trouble which they took in executing their Office.

Appendix to the Report of St. Anne's Parish.

N° 17.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, November ad 1722.

Present,

Dr. John Pelling, Mr. Wm. Baker,

Sir Edward Whitaker, Mr. Wm. Tame,

Mr. John Meard, Mr. Thomas Ayliffe,

Mr. Wm. Green, Mr. Thomas Fen,

Mr. John Pearfe,

Mr. fhmastpicer, Churchwardens.

The Accounts of Morris Hoff, Richard Toung, Peter Birkhead, and Jasper Horfington, Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. Anne Westminster, for the Year 1721, were examined, and the Balance thereof appeared to be a Sum of £.104. as. 6d. in their Hands, due to the Parish.

Ordered, That the said Overseers of the Poor do forthwith pay unto Mr. William Glass, present Churchwarden of the aforesaid Parish of St. Anne, the Sum of £.\oi. and the remaining Sum of £.2. is. 6d. allowed the said Overseers of the Poor, to be expended.

24

N° 20.

At a Meeting at the Vestry Room, on Tuesday the 3d of January 1737.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Pelling, Mr. Thomas Ingram,

Mr. Thomas Richmond, Mr. Richard Young,

Mr. Richard Duke, Mr. Wm. Baker,

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert,

Mr. Edward Scarlet,) ,

Mr. Wm. Chisholm, $ Churchwardens.

Mr. Richard Movers, and Richard Sutton, Surveyors of the Highways of this Parish, for the Year 1736, produced their Accounts to this Board for the said Year: And the same were examined, and found to be true and perfect , and there appeared to be due from the said Accounts, to balance their said Accounts, the Sum of Forty fix PoundsTwo Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing.

By Sir George Walter and Thomas Cotton Esquire, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That the said Balance Sum of Forty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing be paid by Mr. Richard Movers toMr. Scarlet, the present Churchwarden, and Surveyor of the Highways, of the said Parish; and that his Receipt be taken for the fame.

At

by

15 Geo. II.

4° M

211

N* 21.

At aMeetingin the Vestry, Tuesday, March the 25th 1725. Present,

Dr. John Pelting, Mr. William Green,

Captain Char lei Madock, Mr. Thomas Fenn,

Mr. Richard Duke,

Mr. John Middleton,_ j churchwardens.

Mr. Nicholas Sanders.

Ordered, That the several Persons hereunder named be summoned to appear at this Vestry, on Monday the 29th Day of this instant March, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, in order to take upon them such Offices as are here under-mentioned.

Mr. Nicholas Saunders, § Mr. P^r Noyfe,

Mr. John Greener, Mr Thomas Rumb all,

Mr. Philip Jones, (§ Mr. Robert Hodson,

Mr. John Craigg, J ij Mr. Elias Detunla-J £ <§

barrat.

For Leicester-Fields Division:

Mr. David Allen,

Mr. John Spencer,

Mr. Charles Lacy,

Mr. Thomas Harrison*

Several Persons, summoned to serve Scavenger for the Year ensuing, to appear at the Time and Place aforesaid, viz.

Edward Sankey, of Greek-Street, Grocer, \King*s-Square, Thomas Peckett, of Moor-Street, Brazier, j Division. Daniel Burgoyne, of Little Newport -Street, Leicester-Card-maker, > Fields

George Hughes, of Gerrard-Street, Victualler, 3 Division.

N° 22.

At a Meeting of the Veilry, March 29th 1725.

Dr. John Pelting, Mr. Richard Duke,

John Nicholas Esquire, Mr. Wm. Green,

George Walter Esquire, Mr Wm. Tame,

John Laynge Esquire, Mr. Thomas Ay Iffe,

Jacob Blagney Esquire, Mr Fenn,

Captain Charles Madock, Mr. John MiddletouZfiuxoh- Mr. William Baker, warden.

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert,

The Persons that were by the last Vestry summoned to appear, and to undertake such Offices as the Vestry should appoint, did accordingly appear; and then the Board did proceed to Election; and is as followeth;Wz. Mr. Nicholas Sanders, 1 ,

Mr. John Greener, J Churchwardens.

Thomas Rumball,

Peter Noyfe, f David Allen, C Thomas Harrison, /

Thomas Picket, A Thomas Sankey, f Daniel Burgoyne, f George Hughes, j

Thomas Ingram, Wm. Baker,

Thomas Richmond, Richard Young,

Thomas Rayner, Richard Duke,

Richard Sutton, *> nu

Richard Movers, j Churchwardens.

The Names hereafter mentioned, being approved of at the last Vestry, were again presented to this Board, for Election of Officers for this present Year 1736; viz.

Mr. Richard Movers, of Newport-Market,

Mr. Edward Scarlett, of King-Street,

Mr. Jonathan But tall, of D*

Mr. Wm, Chefholme, of Newport-Street,

Mr. Edward Sankey, of Greek-Street,

Thomas Blefh, of Greek-Street, T Charles Afbee, of D° f Overseers of the

James Mitchell, of Compton-Street, ( Poor. Bernhard Shelhajfee, of King-Street, j ~ Thomas Chilton, of Cran borne-1 3’ \ Samuel France, of Earl's-Court Overseers of tb*

Select Parish Vestrics.

Overseers of the Poor.

Scavengers Eledh

v Church-f wardens.

N* 23.

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room, Monday the 26th April 1736.

Present,

The Reverend Dr. Pelling Thomas Cuthbert,

Rector, Thomas Ayliffe,

% t \ Peter Lavett, of Newport ^*- C p0<ir*

3 t James Jarman, of King-

Whereupon,

This Board proceeded to Election; and Richard Movers and Mr. Edward Scarlet were duly chosen Churchwardens: And Mr. Thomas Blefh, Charles Afbee, Mr. Thomas Chilton, and Mr. James Jarman, were duly chosen (Nemine contradicente) Overseers of the Poor for tins present Year 1736; and were ordered to be appointed by his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace; and also to be published in the Church, Sunday next.

N° 24*

At a Meeting in the Vestry Room on Monday nth April

1737-

Present,

Dr. John Pelling Rector, Mr. Wm. Baker,

Mr. Richard Young, Mr. Thomas Ingram,

Mr. Richard Duke, Mr. Thomas Richmond,

Mr. Thomas Cuthbert, Philip Jennings Esquire.

Mr. Thomas Ayliffe,

Mr. Richard Movers,*)

Mr. Edmund Scarlett j Churchwardens.

The Names of the several Persons hereafter mentioned, having been approved of at the last Vestry, for serving the respective Offices of Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of this Parish, for the succeeding Year, they were, pursuant to Minute of last Meeting, summoned to attend this Board this Day, in order for some of them to be elected into those Offices; viz.

(Here the Churchwardens and Overseers Names in ferted.)

Whereupon this Board proceeded to Election; and Mr. Edward Scarlett, and Mr. Wm. Chisholm are duly chosen Churchwardens; and Mr. William Twifs and Mr. Nathanael Adams, Mr. Wm. Dean, and Mr. Barnard Shelhafe, were likewise chosen Overseers of the Poor of this Parish for the current Year 1737.

Ordered, That the said William Twifs, Nathanael Adams, Wm. Dean, and Reinhart Shelhafe, be accordingly appointed Overseers of the Poor of this Parish, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of this Parish; and that Publication thereof be made in this Parish Church, on Sunday 17th instant.

Offices and Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, rants." to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

tSin luded Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aber». VOL. 24.

House, upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Linen next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufadum to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock,

41%

Mercuriiy 50 die Matt;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

? Prayers.

Answer to TV/T^* Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. 1VX Address of Monday last (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Petition, and Answer, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Walcott'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ellate. vetting Part of the Marriage-Portion of Mary late Wife of John Walcott Esquire; and ailo Part of his settled Estate in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for securingan Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Male: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bjrrom’s In. Sir Thomas Drury reported from the Committee, to vcntion of whom the Bill for securing to John Byrom, Matter of Arts,

Writing" ^e publishing and teaching for Hire, by

himself, or such as he shall depute, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-Hand, invented by him, was committed', That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunro; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the: Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whe;e the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

£ Maii. 1742.

fold for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Insolvet whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was com- V&ion mitted, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and principal Dealers Linen in Linen, within the Town of Paisley, in behalf of them-'Manufacture, selves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the Progress already made in the Manufacture of Linen in North Britain; which, as the Petitioners allege, would be considerably promoted by discontinuing the Drawbacks on Foreign Linen, carried to our American Settlements, and allowing a Drawback on British Soap, used in whitening of Linen Cloth, Linen-Yarn, and Thread, of our Home Manufacture: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give such Encouragement to this Staple, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

LordCaven- An ingrossed from the Lords, intituled, An Act difU'sQuali- to enable James Cavendish Esquire, com only called Lord fication. James CavendifJi, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Iteland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cokey Mr. Conolly, Mr. Fere, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grants Mr. Fox, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Torke, Mr. Skuttleworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ellis, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Glanville, Sir Miles Stapylton. Lord Barrington, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Legge, Lord Gage, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Williams, Dr. Butler, Mr. Winford, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Carew, Mr. South-well, Mr. Brereton-, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Powell, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hayward, Sir Hugh Smithson; and all the Members who serve for the County of Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ve^ng th® Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, e* Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in

the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoey and elsewhere in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of f?rancis Earl of Carlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be

A Bill for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen Preventing by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or Mischiefs by near Cities and Towns, was read a Second time. keeping

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mayor Gunpow er’ of London, Alderman Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote. Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Cornewall, Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas Cam, Sir Erafmu's Philips, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Edwin,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Boivles, Sir James Grant, Alderman Ezver, Alderman Marshall, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Pryfe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Watson, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Gybbon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Pytt,

Mr. Sydenham, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Strange, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Coke, Mr. Carew, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Win-ford., Mr. Smith, Mr Phillips, Mr Selwyn, Mr Bowes,

Lord Charles Hay, Sir N. Curzon, Sir John Chapman,

Mr. Saville, Mr. Finch, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chaffin, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, General Wade, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Guernsey, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Clutter buck,

Mr. Hayward, Lord Perceval, Sir John Crosse, Lord Limerick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offices and to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Empby-upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

'74*.

erPar. e"'s, do

1 to tin ,aW 'mend.

,f their

com. >. Bill,

they

'ead

the

!e;

id-

>Q

tel

Leave of

Absence.

Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Enquiry into Earl of Or-ford’s Con-dud.

Printing the Journals.

tportation 1 Spanifti Wines.

15 Geo. II.

5° — 6*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to indemnify such Persons as have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their Assent and Consent to the same within the Time limited by Law.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Careiv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for Ik Yw J 63-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Frankland have Leave to go to the Rath) for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, acquainted the House, That the Committee, in the Course of their Enquiry, find themselves under a Necessity of examining, in the most solemn Manner, Thomas Lezvis Esquire, a Member of this House:

And Mr. Lewis, in his Place, declared, That he was willing to attend the Committee, whenever they shall think fit to require it.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of printing the Journals of this House; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Watkin Williams Wynne, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Da/hzvood, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wumington, Lord Strange, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Gyb-hon. Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Doddington, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Carew, Mr. /////, Mr. Bowes, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Torke, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Legge, Mr. IVhick cote. Sir Hen. Lyddal, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Gage, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Cornezvall, Lord Noel Somersett, Mr. Boone, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wilkinson,

1 Mr. Geo. Grenville, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Fox, Alderman Heathcote, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Win ford, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Berkeley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gore, Lord Barrington, Mr. Powell, Lord Guernsey, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Archer, Lord Hartington, Mr. Vane, Lord Limerick, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Southzvell, Sir John Glynne, Dr. Butler, Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Downing, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Perceval, Mr. Robert Williams', and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill to impower Meftieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines:

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And One of the Counsel for the Bill was further heard:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, by way of Reply:

And the Counsel for and against the Bill being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Vol. 24.

Jovisj 6* die Mail;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742. Prayers.

MR. Gray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Marriage Portion of Mary late Wife of John Walcotl Esquire, and also Part of his settled Estate, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Marie, was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bligh reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Cadies, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Yilcount Blundell, in the County of Dozvne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for raising, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond, his Daughter, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,.was committed, That the Committee had examined and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consenttothe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directetf him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the 3 I Report

Colchester Hospitals and Poor.

Walcot’s

Estate.

Blundell's

Estate.

Offices and Employment*.

Danish Troop*, Sec.

214

6° Ma

A. 174a.

"Report iii his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, An Account of the Charge of the Danish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25 th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Danish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th December 1741, to the 3d Mdrck 1741-2, both inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Charge of the Hejftau Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741 inclusive: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the Hefftan Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th December 1741, to the 25th December 1742, both inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1742: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Officers appointed to attend the Hospital of the Service of the Forces in Flan-dersy commencing the 20th of March 1741*2, and end- ing the 24th December 1741, both Days inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimates were read.

The said Accounts and Estimates are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of 1,194 Horse, and 5,692 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King ol Denmark in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of Match exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive, being 275 Days; together with Levy-money of 919 Supernumeraries.

Pay in Holland Money j for 275 Da) 8. |: Reduced irto Sterling, it ioGr. 10/. to Lilt ‘ouikI.

Numbers. The ordinary Pay of the Horse - - - - 1,194 The ordinary Pay of the Foot - - - 5,692 Gilders. St. 321,8^6 17 — 640,907 7 2± £ s. 30,656 16 IO* 6i, Oj8 15

6>886 Granted by Parliament for this Service - 962,804 4 2\ 733*333 6 8 9t 95 12 9 69,841 5 4i

Remains to be paid The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the said 275 Days -Levy Money for 919 Men taken into his Majesty’s Service, over and above the 6,oooo stipulated by the Treaty; viz. 227 Troopers, at 80 Crowns bank Money each - - 18,160 692 Foot Soldiers, at 30 Crowns each - 20,760 229,470 «7 6| 21.9H 15 5t 854 7 2,087 2 4

Crowns 38,920 Which, at 4*. 8 d. each, amounts -Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Waggon-money, Forage, to the said Troops, during the Campaign, from the nth of August to the 8th of November 1741, when they went into their Winter-Quarters, being 50 Days - - -Charge of Ferries for the said Troops over the Elbe, 4,447 .38 p. R. D. at 4 8 d. - . - - - *38»735 3 3l 9.^81 6 8 . ! J3>2I2 17 5 1,037 15 8

Total War-Office, 5 th May 1742. - 47,273 9

Will. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,194 Horse, and 5,692 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Dot-mark in the Pay of -Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the 3d Day of March 174.1-2 both inclusive, being 68 Days. " ’ n

i Pay in Holland Money for 68 Day*. Reduced into Sterling, at 10G. 1 ox. to the Pound.

Number*, The ordinary Pay of the Horse - - - - 1,194 The ordinary Pay of the Foot - 1 - - 5,692 Gilder*. St. 79,596 6 2f 158,478 18 2* £ s. d. 7,580 i» __ IS»°93 4 6i

6,886 The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the fiime Time The extraordinary Charge on'Account of Straw, Firing, Waggons for the Sick, and other Necessaries, during their Winter-Quarters, amounting to 30,843.34 . i Dollars, at the Rate of 5 Dollars 12 Giofs to a Pound Sterling The ordinary Pay of the Horse arid Foot of the said Troops for 42 Days, allowed to them at their Return into their Country, pursuant toTreaty D° to the General Officers for d* Time ----- Waggon-money on their Return for the General Officers and Troops - For the Proportion of the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank 238.07s 4 6,141 8 6 I47>°46 9 2f 3>793 4 8 12,012 — — 22«673 16 6| 584 17 IO$ 5*783 4 *4,004 8 e 36i 5 ? >,144

Money of Hdmburgh, for 6$ Days, from the 25th Day of December 1741, exclusive, to the 3d Day of March 174^, inclusive, pursuant to Treaty, at 4 s. 8 d. per Crown - - u m 44,55* 13 3 6>52° 10 iji

War-Office, cth May \ 74a. Total- mil. Yonge. - 51,072 4 2|

>741.

'roopspaid

f*clu|JvEi

lndj|f0>

5 paid by

tlje 25th

afTOffi.

for the

!M (o 1 Flan.

J end-

nates

>k.

)«.

4i.

15 Geo. II. ' .6° Ma215

An ACCOUNT of the Charge df 1,264 Horse, and 4>5'o8Tobt, of the Trpops of jiis Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of CaJJeil, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the Day of December 1741, jn-elusive, being 275 Days.

- Pay iirHolland Money Reduced into Sterling, '

for 271 Days. j it ibG.for.to the Pound.

- Numbers. The ordinary Pay of the Horse - - - 1*264 Gilders. St. 369>°37 3 4 1 J 1 ’ ’ -- of % -1. d. 35,146 7 ioi:

The ordinary Pay of the Foot - - - - -- 4*908 558,06® 5 — 53,148 its iof

- - 6,172 927,097 8 4 88,294 19 9i 75.952 7 4t; . . ’ . A 1

Granted by Parliament for this Service - - - 797,50°

Remains to be paid - 129,597 8 4 ' 12,34a t id 5

The ordinary Pay of the General Officers for the said 275 Days - 34.5 81 5 — 3,293 9 — r

The ordinary Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery, for the said 275 Days - - 31,258 6 8 2,976 19 7i'

Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the General Officers, during the Campaign, being 90 Days, from the 29th Day of July to the 26th Day of October 1741, both inclusive. when they went intotheir Winter-Quarters i6,435 8 — 1,565 5 6{

D° to the Four Regiments of Horse and Six Regiments of Foot, during the said Time - - - - - - - 16,800 1,600 — — i

D* to the Officers, t*fr; of the Artillery for d* Time, the same only as to a Company of Foot ----- - 240 — 22 17 if

Waggons allowed to the General Officers during the Campaign, being 90 Days - -- - 8-955 — — 852 17 ii

D# allowed to the Six Regiments of Foot, during the said Time 16,200 — 1,542 17 if

D* for the Train of Artillery for d° Time - 5,220 497. 2

Forage for General Officers and Troops for dp Time - T - 76,680 — c* 7,302 17 i|

Extraordinary Charges for Straw, Wood, and Waggons, for the Sick - - - - !,3I2 9 —

Total - - 33.309 7 —

War-Office, 5th May 1742.

Will. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJje-CqQell, in the Fay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the 25th Day of December 174^, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

- Pay in Holland Money for 365 D«»ys. Reduced into Sterling, at 10G. 10/. to the Pound.

Numbers, The Pay of the Horse - - . - - - " 1,264 The Pay of the Foot - - - - 4>9°^ Gilders. St. 489,81a 19 4 740,698 3 — £ d. 46,648 17 — i 70.542 13 7

6,172 The Pay of the General Officers - - - - The Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging Jto the Train of Artillery - 1,230,511 2 4 45,898 15 — 41,488 6 8 117,191 10 4.371 6 2* 3.-951 5 4

For the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Amsterdam, payable for these Forces, from tte 25th Day of December 1741, exclusive, to the 25 th Day of December 1742, inclusive, being 365 Days, computed at 4 j. y{d. per Crown - - - ~ - - I?317>898 4 — 125,514 2 i{ 36,093 15 —

‘ ..if Total - - - i 161,607 17 li

War-Office, cth May 1742.

mil. Yonge.

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon-money, &c. for the Year 1742, these being only payable during the Campaign.

1

VOL. 24.

ESTIMATE

5l 6

6° Mail A. 1742.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Forces in Flanders, commencing the doth of March 174*, and ending the 24th Day of December 1742, both Days

inclusive.

Per Diem.

Commander in Chief -

Four Aids de Camp at ioi. each Three Lieutenants General, each £. 4.

Two Aids cle Camp to each* at for. Four Majors-General — each £. 2.

One Aid dc Camp to each, at ior. -Eight Brigadiers-General, each £. 1. 10 s.

One Major of Brigade to each, at ior. Quarter-Mailer General -

Deputy Quarter-Mailer General Secretary to the Commander in Chief Deputy Judge-Advocate -

Provost-Marshal 6 s. and Two Men, each 3 s. Physician to the Commander in Chief Chaplain to the Commander in Chief

£. 10-----

12-----

- 8 — —

- 12-----

- 4-----

- — 10 —

- — 10 —

- — 12 —

- — 10 —

- — 6 8

56 3 8

Contingencies upon Account, £. 10,000.

Which, for 280 Days, from the 20th of March 174^, to the 24th of December following, in- £. s. d. eluding the £. 10,000, for Contingencies, amounts to - 25,731. 6. 8.

War-Office, May 6th, 1742.

Will. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital of the Service of the Forces in Flanders, commencing the 20th Day of March 174!, and ending the 24th of December 1742, both Days inclusive.

Per Diem. For 280 Days.

£. s. d. £. s.

Director, for himself and Clerks - - - - 1 5 —

Physician -

Surgeon - - - — io' — 1

Four Mates, each 5s. - - - lc. - - l J — —

Apothecary - - - . -; - -1 V Two Mates, each 55. - - — 10 —

— 10 —

Matron — 26

Which, for 280 Days, from the 20th of March 1741, to the .24th of De-. comber following, both Days inclusive, amounts to - 4 17 6 1,365

War-Office, May 6th, 1742.

Will. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

~ 1 mi. Mantis Fane presented to the House, according to

UPBank' ’ Order, a Billior establishing an Agreement with the Agreement. Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee catfon^of Ptaufc, to whom it is referred to consider of

Public the Petition of Thomas Stevens, Agent for, and in behalf

Money in of, the People of Georgia in America, That they do admit Georgia. Counsel to be heard for and against the said Petition, if the Parties concerned therein think fit.

Ditto Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Petition of Thomas Stevens, who stiles himself Agent for the People of Georgia, to his Majesty, dated the 26th of March 1742: Andalfo,

Copy of the Answer of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America to the said Petition of Thomas Stevens, dated the 3d May 1742.

The said Petition and Answer are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Petition and Answer do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Thomas Stevens do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of his Petition, and bring with him his Appointment to be Agent for the People in Georgia \ as also all written Instructions he may have received from them for the Discharge of that Office.

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, to Scled ParKh whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Vestries. several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred. That the Committee having been informed by John Cullis, a Petitioner, and a Witness in behalf of such of the Petitioners as are Parish ioners

bV G-

Geo. IL & Mail.* it 7

rishioners of the Parish of St. Janies, of d Mattel* trhd- 1746, l>eing likewise produced, Mr. Cullis acknowledged* Select Paridi ing to fix a Charge upon John Laroche Esquire, a Mem- ' That the Rate of the Year 1738 was signed by him. . Vestriti. ber of this House, Commissioner of the Land Tax, and And it appeared to your Committee, That, in the Year One of the Vestry of the said Parish* arid having entered 1738, the /House of Mr. Laroche was rated at /. 92; in the into the Examination thereof, thought it incumbent upon Year i 739, it jt. 8i £ and in the Year 174b, at /.tod. them to report the fafae specially to the House; and he Upon which Evidence, the Committee observe,

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered 1 ft; That John Cullis having affirmed, That Mr. La*

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was. read; roche had been assessed at £.130* the Year wheti he was and is as follows.; viz. last Assessor (meaning the Year 1738), appears to have

In the Course of this Examination, Mr; Cartwright, asserted a notorious Falsehood* Mr’. Laroche being proved One of the Agents for the Petitioners, and a Petitioner, by the Collecting Book of that Year, signed by the said having insinuated, That the Members of the Vestry being C#///f himself, to have beetl assessed at no more than £.91. likewise Commissioners of the Land Tax, holding their adiy, "that the Assertion of the said John Cnllis, That Meetings in the Vestry Room, and having the :Vestry- he, in his Assessment delivered in, in the Year 1740, had Clerk for the Clerk to that Coirimission, bad exercised reduced Mr. Laroche from £.130. to /. 100; appears to their Powers partially as Commissioners of the Land Tax, be another palpable Untruth; the Fact being evident in the View to affect the Parish Rates, which were rfegu^ from the Books of the Collectors, that Mr. Laroche was lated in this Parish in proportion to this Tax. never rated at £.130 > and that, in the place of reducing

The said Mr. John Cullis, f<brmferly Assessor of the the Rate of Mr. Laroche from £.130. to/. 100. the said Land Tax in the Years 1738 and 1740, gave Evidence* John Cullis had raised the Rate of the said Mr. Laroche as to the Exercise of this Power, That, in the Year from/. 81. to /. too.

*739 or 1740, hevand his Partner having assessed St. James's Street Ward, he delivered in his AfiefTrnenri That the Method:isy after delivering, in this Afteiftnient* for the Assessors to receive Copies of the Assessment from the Gdmmissioners to sign, by which the Tkx is afterwirds collected: That Mr. Ruftat, VeftiykClerk, and also Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax, did bring the Witness, the Copy of his Assessment to sign; Which he desired Two or Three Hours tb look*Over, that he might lee Whether it tallied with his fohneri Assessment: That thereupon, Mr. Rujlat, the Clerk, said, What does it fig-flify >' and took it aWay without his signing: That afterwards, when the Collector came about to collect the Money, the Witness had the Curiosity to look upon this Assessment; and that the Collector did not care to let the Witness inspect the Assessment; which nevertheless he did; and that be found his Name inserted by another Hand, without his Consent or Knowledge.

- Being then questioned. Whether there was any. Alteration made in the Rate brought to him, from that which he had first delivered in

He answered, That there was an Alteration with regard to John Laroche Esquire, a Member of this House, who was rated at /. 130. the last Year; in which he, the said Cullis, was Assessor; and that thinking him over-rated, he had reduced him to £.100. in the Assessment which he had delivered in; but that in the Copy of the Assessment, of which he spoke, he found that he had been reduced to/. 80.

Being thernafked. In what Year this Occurrence happened ? and required to consider well before he gave his Answer, he said it was in the Year 1740.

Being further questioned, In what Book he few;Mr. Laroche assessed at /. 130

He said. That, before he was an Assessor, he few that Sum remarked upon the opposite blue Leaf by the old Assessors.

And, lastly, being required to say, Whether he had ever seen Mr. Laroche'% House rated lower than at/. 100. before he assessed it at /.ioo? he answered, That he could not say he had.

It appears, nevertheless, by the Collecting Book, signed by himself in the Year 1738, That the House of Mr. La) ocfte was rated no more than /. 92.

Whereupon Mr Rufiat being called in, and required to give an Account of this Abatement, answered, That \ the House of Mr. Laroche vas reduced from /. 100. to /. 80. upon an Appeal to the Commissioners of the JLand-Tax in the Year 1737-

The Minute Book of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, from 1731 to 174L being then produced, it appeared by an Entry, dated October the 7th, 1737, That at a Meeting upon Appeals, at which time many Persons were allowed a Reduction of their Assessments, Mr. Laroche was then reduced from /. 100. to /. 80.

The Collectors Books of the Years 1738, 1739, and , VoL. 24.

And the Resolution of the House, of the 8th Day of / pertbri December last, That if it Hull appear, that any Person fcoVimut^. hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or Any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender, being read;

Resolvel, Nemine contradicente, That John Cullis having, in hisExamiriation before a Committeeof this House, wilfully aid maliciously given false Evidence, tending to asperse the Character of John Laroche Esquire* a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a high Misdemeanor; and a")3rfach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said John Cullis be. for his said Offence, committed- Prisoner to bist Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

..The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Stowerbridgl Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Parish. the Bill for making the Town of Stowerbridge, in the County of Worcester, a separate Parish from the Parish of bldfwiiiford, in the* said County: and for making a Provision for the Minister of the said new Parish, and for settling the Right of Presentation to the Church thereof; was committed;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confederation:

And the Counfei for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Report was read:

.And the Petition against the said Bill, which wdspre-fented. to the House upon the 30th Day of April last, was read:

And the Qounfel against the said Bill was heard, and examined several Witnesses:

And the Counfei for the said Bill was also heard, and examined several W'itneffcs, and produced Evidence:

And the Counfei against the Bill was heard by way of Reply:

And the Counsel for and against the Bill being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas.*M ^BroLjlm:}

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refohcdy That this House will, Tomorrow it Twelve protection of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tnde dur-jK , House> LfWar.

Si8

— 7* Mail

A. 1742-

Exportation of Wool.

Certain Officer* excluded being Members.

House, upon the Bill for the better Protesting and Securing of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in limes of War.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Cnllomp-ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto fubderibed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tttefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Brooke's

Lunacy.

Buck's

KfUte.

Mr» Whkhcot prefen ted to ttre House, according to Laws resp Order, a BiH to explain and amend an Act, made in the ing RogU< 13th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for bondT^c amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, ’ c Vagabonds, and other idle and difbrderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First time.

Refafoed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bril be printed.

Lord

Blundell's

Elhtc.

Venerisy 70 die Mail

Regi

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Prayers,

1742-

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lufcarick, front aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was read a Second time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee pfthewhple House. , { ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monaay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whcle Hqufe, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Estates in the County oiHertford', heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck Baronet, deceased, to the Trustees of Fnlke fereville Esquire, during his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, discharged from the Equity of Redemption, which the Infant Son and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in foil Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thereon: and for odier Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comewall, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Craivley, Mr. Ashby, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Finch, Mr. Aifaby, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir N. Curzon, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Boone, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Peachy, Alderman Lambert, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Manfell, Mr. Ca ew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Thonas Cave, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wodehouse, , Mr. Arfcott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Bucks, Essex, Hertford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of thos Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill;

Bank

Agreement.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lowther hate LeavetO go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Govemor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply, for the Ser- for the Distbarge of that Office vice of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

; Resolved, That the Bill beedramitted.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee1 of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill front tht Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the 1 several Castles, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments, of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Do'ume, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for railing, after the Death of the said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Portion of Mary Lady Raymond\ hi£ Daughter, and for. other Purposes therein mentioned^ avas read the Third time.

.Resolved) That the Bill do pass,

Ordered, That Mr. BligJi do carry the Bill to the Lords, :and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for securing to John Byrm, Mkfibdr of Arts, the;so)e Right, of publishing, and teaching for short-hand Hiret by himself, or such as he shall depute, for a cer* Writing, tain Term of Years; the Art and Method of Short-hand, invented by him, was read the Third time. - r;

Resolved, That the- Bill do pass: And that the Title be^ An Act for fecbring to John Byrom, Mailer of Arts* the foie Right of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art-and Method of Sborc-hand invented by him.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '*

The House,’ according to Order* resolved itself into x Protection of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for thfe Tra^unnS better Protecting and Securing of the Trade and Nivi* ar‘

gation of this Kingdom, in Times of War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.' Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleas? to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

i* ~'

The Order of Ihe’ D^ being read, for the House to Misapplict-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to bon of Public consider of the Petition of Thomas Stei'ens, Agent for, and |^oney in behalf of, the People of Georgia in America; eorgia.

# Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, atTwelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Stevens do then attend the fold Committee, and bring with him his Appointment to be Agent for* the People in Georgia; as also all written Instructions he may have received from them

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into:a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply*.

Leav«<tf

AbCenbe.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the ’Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for xaifing the Supply granted torhis Majesty;

Resolved,

Ways and Means.

' '74J.

:cDt*W (0.

"idein the St n Mforui t:

O L-

and "e*>and ding. and e wasrc*

\n^ u

Lands,

vndtll,

>4 in

ount,

Maty

Wles

Linen

fclanofacturef.

Info! vent Debtors.

the

:ed

Bjiau'i

VCQ!*-

‘ Shon-a Writs;.

rSm

trio;

h

pJrmpton

Writ.

15 Geo. II.

Exportation of Wool.

Resolved, That this House will, iip6rt Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being reaci, for the House to Tefoive itself into a Committee of, the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the subscribipg Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the said Petition.-

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Committee. to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors* was committed i

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read\ \ 5 7

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Cullmpton, in t*h<e County of Devcn, whose Names are thereunto subscrib^d and also of the, several other Petitions referred to the Gqnsideration of; the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.*' \iv-; '

Mr, Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ciiair.i,

1 Mr. Carew reported fom the Committee^ that they frad made.a further Progfets in the Matter to them referred; atvd that he Was dlfected by the Committee to move. That they may have LeftVe to fit again. ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tjh*2 Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of* the Town of Cu’Impton, in the County of Devon, whose Nafaes are -thereunto fubfscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideratkm of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a nfew Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymptont in the County of Devon, in the room of Thomas Clutterbuck Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough; hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock. *

iXx Maii. £19

Report in his Place; and afterwards dejivered the Bilk With the Amendments!*in at the.Clerk’s Table: Where

of them, agreed to by the Hpufe. , t

.TtTiat the Hill^ the Amendments* be

Leave of Absence.

Lunee, 1 o° die Maii]

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

PR At L tts.

)he#t- Bridge Ti /fR. *}oliffe Reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. I iVi the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one mad£ in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Jafe Majesty Queen Aline, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Peters-\field, to the ToWil of Porlfmoidh^ in the County of South-\amplcn, and another Act made' in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in and by the said Act granted; and for ' 6ther Purposes therein mentioned sand ior ehlarging the Term and Powers by the said Eft-mentioned Act granted; was committed, That the Committee had examined the ' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and fnade several Amendments 1 hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House \ and he read the Vol. 24.

An. ingrafted Bill to render more effectual in Colcheftei*

made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his Hospiuliand late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An A’A 1>00fi for greeting Hospitals apt] Workhouses within th$T£wn of Colehefter, in the County of Ejffex, for the better jyil- " ploying and maintairting^he Poor thereof, w^s read, the Third time. ‘ ,

Resolved, That the 8i|i do pass: A nd thtft the Title hr,

An Act to render more effectual an Act thacle in t.hp h; and Tenth Years roT the Reign of his late Majesty Kin^'William the Third, intituled, An Act for'erecting Hospitaliand Workhouses within the Town of Calchester, in the County of Mjftx,{ojx the better employing ah# maintaining the Popr thereof. / ,

Ordered, That Gray do carry the fejill to the Lords,.and desire tfieiy Co’ncurrentje...!, *' . .,

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Murray have (Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks^ upoo extraordinary Oecssions. *. . ,rf

A^p togroiTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ah Walcoct’i for vesting Part of.tjbe Marriage Portion of Mary latte Wife of John IVafeoU Esquire, and also Part 0$ his settled Estate;.in Yruftees4 for railing.Mopey to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the.|$pi xieflt of his Heir Male, was read a Second time.

| ReMvedy That the Bill be committed to Mf. Pram-ft on. Sir John Ajllty, Mr. Lyster, Sir* Wat kin Williams Wynne, Sir William. Qarew, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Edward, Dering, Sir. Charles Mordaunty Mr. Harley, Mr. Prozvfey Mr. Robert Williams, Mr*

Richard Williams, Mr. CareWy Mrr. Grayf Mr. Savillei Mr. Grovey Mr. Phillips, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Robert Graft venor, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. tt'inford. Sir William Bagot, 1 jSir Francis Dashwood, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr.

.Andrew Hill, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Pryfe, Sir Nathana$1 Ciirzon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sfnith, Sir Thomas Drury,

Mr. Cotton, Sir Henry North cote, Mr. Bance, Mr. For-Jler, Mr. Mellifhy Mr. Gore, Mr. Bligh, Mr{ Lechmerey Mr. Dawhinsy Mr. Grenvillei Dr. butler, Mr. Arfcot; and a|l the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop,

.Essex, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Benttey'i Tor confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees Bequeit M of the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley ^ar*ubl® Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth Part of UcSi Fit chefs Field, in the County of Mxddlesex, to the surviving Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change Alley,

London, Goldsmith and Banker, deceased* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Longy Mr. Gray, Mr. Carerv,. Mr. Oswald, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Saville, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Gare, Mr;

Lechmerey Mr. Grenville, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Dawkins, Ms. 'Wentworth, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Cabe, Lord Perceval, Mr. Williams, Sir N. Curzon, Sir John Chester,

Mr. Smith, Sir Harry Northcote, Mr. Moor, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Price, Mr. Ross, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Strode,

Colonel Selwytt, Mr. IVinford, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Guenfey, Mr. James Grant, Mr. Soutwell, Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Harley\ and all the Members who ferte for the Counties of Wilts, Middlefese, and City of London And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire of the CIbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An

220

to® — n® Mail 1743.

Offices and An in£rofled Bill to indemnify Persons who have twpioymentii to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-

ments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allow-further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Select Parish "A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Vestry* Vestric*. men, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Vestrymen, was prefen ted to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Report made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, and several other Parities in the said Petition mentioned, and ordered to lie upon the Table for the Perusalof the Members of this House, doth, as the Petitioners conceive, greatly affect them: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to be heard by their Counsel, what they have to offer in their behalf, so far as the said Report may relate to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes 1 Jof Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George

Han&oer-Squart, afed St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants't>f the said respective Parishes, was referred, ~be taken intofurther Consideration: And that the Petitioners, the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen, of the said Parish of St. Marlin, if they think fit, be then heard upon their laid Petition, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight.

Stealing of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

fW^Tenter more c^e<^ua^ preventing any Cloth, or Woollen Grounds. Goods, remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away in the Nient-time: And that Mr. Hayward, the Lord Gage, and Mr. Selwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

and for the City of Wejimittfter, together with a Schedule of the said Lifts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House Comm of the 26th Day of March 1700, in relation to the Pro- of Pea< ceedings of the House, upon the Report from the Com* l?°°' mittee, to whom it was referred to inspect the Commissions of the Peace, and Commissions to Deputy Lieutenants, as they then flood, and as they had been for Seven Years last past, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Qualifion the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace And 01 Justkc that Mr. Fatackerley, Mr. Carew, Mr. Pulteney, and Mr.

Winford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Public Ac* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ant*of d House, upon the Bill fbf taking, examining, and statlfig, ^ng °m’ the publick Accounts of the Kingdom. ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolv.e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms.

Resolved, That this House will, upon I'Ve dnesday Seven- Exportation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of W€o1, to consider further of Ahe Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cut-lomptorii in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideratio 1 of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Agreement.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That 'they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto *, which they had directed him to report, wh^n the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Liftiof ! The House being informed, That a Person from the justices of , -Glerk of the Crown (the Clerk of the Crown himself and Peace. , his. Deputy being ill) attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ' House, purliiant to their Order, Lists of the Justices of the Peace for the several Counties and Liberties within IJZkgland and (Vales, except for the County of Lancaster,

Mart is,'n°

Anno 15* Georgii 1I4*» Regis, 1742.

Prayeys.

MR. Henry Archer reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for confirming and^ establishing an . Exchange agreed to be made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Dodt or Crane, Rectorof the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing t the said Rector an Equivalent for his Tythes arilin^ in the said Parish of Sutton, was committed, That the Com- ' mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de jvered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Sutton

Inclosure.

22t

15 Geo. II. 11° — 12* Maii.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Ordered, That the said Trustees do lay before this

gro-fied. House, a Remonstrance from the Inhabitants of the said

Colony to the said Trustees, in the Year 1740.

Expiring Mr. Flenry Archer presented to the House, according Lawi, tQ Qrjer? a gjji to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for The Lord Mayor of London, according to Order, re- Protrftion of explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more ef- ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Trade during fedual, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and ' the Bill for the better protecting and securing of the Trade Wafi maliciously puli down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing and Navigation of this Kingdom in Time? of War, was Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by Autho- committed, the Amendments which the Committee had rity of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to re-other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j several Laws for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

Majesty’s Province of Carolina> in America, directly to in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 5 Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and na- and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with v-igared according to Law; and to extend that Liberty to Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House. his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for pre- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

venting Frauds in the Customs, and to prevent the clan destine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dr, Wcbfter Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor IVebJler be desired

to preach on to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, 19th May, up$n Saturday the 29th Day of this instant May: And that Mr. Carew and Mr. Gray do acquaint him therewith.

Supply Bill Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Bank the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Agreement. for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the 'Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

htition from A Petition of John Cullis was presented to the House, a Person in and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioner Custtfdy. hacj the Misfortune of incurring the Displeasureof the

House, by giving false Testimony, at a Committee, relating to a worthy Member; for which Offence the Petitioner is now confined in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that the Petitioner is truly sensibleof his Fault, is fin-cerely sorry, and most heartily repents of such his Offence, and humbly begs Pardon of the House, and also of the worthy Member; and that the Petitioner has lately had a violent fit of Illness, is now very weak, and in a bad State of Health, and most humbly assures the House, that if he is confined in Newgate any longer, it will greatly hazard the Petitioner’s Life; which will be an irreparable Loss to his poor Family; And therefore praying the House, to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration, and give Leave that he may be discharged out of Prison.

Ordered, That the said John Cullis, committed Pri-fonei by this House, to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate upon Thursday last, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out . of Custody: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

y rants accordingly.

Colony*of Ordered, That the Trustees for establishing the Colony

] Georgia, of Georgia, in America, do lay before this House, all Resolutions, which the said Trustees have at any time agreed upon concerning the Tenures of Lands in the said Colony.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do lay before this

House, a Petition for Negroes from some of the Inhabi-I tants of the said Colony, in the Year 1735.

I VOL. 24.

grossed.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the tard Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, Caveadiftn intituled, An Act to enable James Cavendish Esquire, Qualificatitii, commonly called Lord James Cavendish, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the Electio* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Lawit explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such EleCf ions, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, a^ shall be fuf* ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Certain Offi-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the who!e c<rs excluded House, upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers from ^gMcIn, being Members of the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 120 dip Maii;

Anno 15° Georgii IP1 Regis, 17424 Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Harvey'* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eft*1* Act for vesting the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Moneyari/ing by lueh Sale, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting his Estate in (lie County of Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of the Leicestershire Estate, and to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true ;and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

3 L An

222

Lord Caven- An ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act dittos Quali- to enablz James Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord ficauom yames Cavbidish, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Hartinglon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

APersonre- Join Cuttis was, according to Order, brought to the priaianded gar. where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand

and discharg* frQm jyjr> Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees*

1742.

kefolved, ‘that the Bill do pafst And that the Title be, An A<d to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet Bridge, in the Parish of Peters* field, to the Town of Portsimouth, in the County of South* ampton; and another A<d, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in and by the said Act granted* and for other Purposes therein mentioned} and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned AcE granted.

Ordered, That Mr. Jollifft do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ti° M

Frauds in’ Soap Duty.

Supply Bill;

Bank

(Agreement.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

A Petition of the several Soap-makers fefiding in and near the City of Exon, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other fair Makers of Soap within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, notwithstanding the tare and Vigilance of those employed in securing the Duties on Soap, it is found, by Experience, That the Laws already enacted are not sufficient to prevent great Frauds in the said Revenue, which are daily committed by Soap-makers, especial’y such as live in Villages and Country Places distant from the Residence of an Officer; whereby thfc Crown is deprived of a considerable Part of the said Dut ies, and the fair Trader is greatly injured, and Fraud and Perjury committed with impunity; and that this Evii may be lessened, if not altogether prevented; and proposing, that an Imprtffiort be made with a Stamp upon every Piece of Soap that is weighed, and charged with the Duty; and that those who shall expose any Piece or Cake of Soap to Sale, not having Rich Stamp or Iin-piession thereon, shall forfeit as the Parliament shall think fit: And therefore praying the House, to give such Relief in the Premises, as teethe House shall leem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1742, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One million Six hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1742.

Ordered, That Mr* Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynne have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Hedworth have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

The House Was moved, That the Petition of the Com- Westminflu missioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, BrUguid from the City of Westminster, to the oppofue Shore in the County of Surrey, which was presented to the House upon the Third Day of February last, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty fS Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty hav* ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the principal Inhabitants of the several ScleAFiilIh

James, Vtftriw*

Sheet-Bridge

Road*.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Terra in and by the said Act granted; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 4. L. 2. To insert the Word " Charles" before the Word u Bennet

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

f th<

Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, 67 St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, who have petitioned this House in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Vedrymen, of the said Parish of St. Margo* in the Fields, who have petitioned this House in behait of themselves, and the red of the Vedrymen of the said Parish, when the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes is referred, is taken into further C o v-sideration; at which time the said Vicar, Churchwardens, and Vedrymen, are to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House t6 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the Donish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of the Danish Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th Decent* ber 1741, to the 3d March 1741, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the Heft-fian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to the 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of the Heft fian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the Twenty-sixth December 1741, to the Twenty-fifth December 1742, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of the Officers appointed to attend the Hospital of the Service of the Forces in Flanders, commencing the Twentieth of March 1741-2, and ending the Twenty-fourth December 1742, both Days inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr,

Supply}

r742.

'at!> Title

\°f IW

f'3n her r

,of/W ’^wi h>< M lot ' 4ix| nlatgij.

ied A|

Com. h

Wt,fcJ

n the !=)» jpon*®

Vs

av.

on,

fc.

n.

m

d

1 Ml>

Way* ftttd Mcam,

Insolvent

Debtors.

Inquiry into lari of Or-forcT* Con-dust.

Knlghtlev’s

Iftate.

Importation oi Spanish Vines.

15 Geo. II. 120 — 130 , 223

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, reloive itself into a Committee'of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report; which they had directed him to make, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,130 d Mail;

Anno 150 Georgii Iidl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates of Valentine Knight ley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, and for settling another Estate, in the same County, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of several Merchants of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and others, Importers of Wine into the said Port, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain; and alleging, that several of the Petitioners, and others, upon Pre-fumption of the Continuance of the said Act, and upon Expectation that other Wines would be wanted to {up-ply the Deficiency of Spanish Wines, have imported and given Orders for the shipping of much greater Quantities of Portugal and other W ines than usual; and representing to the House, that the Bill now before this House, for impowering Melfieurs Nut hall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines, may, as the Petitioners apprehend, afford Opportunities for indirect Practices, and render it extremely precarious for Merchants to caiy, on their Trade and Commerce, agreeable to Law, if liable to be defeated, after they have inverted their Effects: And therefore, as the said Bill manifestly tends to the great Prejudice of the Manufactures and Navigation of this Kingdom, and to the Loss of the Revenue, and will greatly affect the Property of the Petitioners; praying the House to take the Premises into Vol. 24.

Consideration; and that the said Bill may notpafs into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House may seem meet.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitlued. An Act Harvey’s for veiling the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, Ertate, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be (old, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for discharging the Incumbrances afledinghis Estate in the County of Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of the Lei-cestershire Estate, and to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Pill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Aston- Bill for dividing and inclosing, setting out, and allot-tifig certain common Fields and Inclosurcs within the Manor and Parish of Act on-Cant !oiv, in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Edward Kenwrick, Bart let Majon, Henry Smith, Smith Edkin, Cooke, and the Widow Huckle,

who have only Thirteen Yard-Lands out of One hundred and Eighteen Yard-Lands of the said common Fields and common Grounds; and that all the Parties have been apprized of the intended Inclosure, except Cook>

who has only One Yard-Land, and who could not be , found; and that the said Edward Kenwrick, Bartlet Ma+

Jon, Henry Smith, Smith Edkin, and the Widow Hucklei severally declared, That they would not oppose the Bill, but refused ligning the fame, because they would not join in any Expence in passing thereof $ and that none of them have appeared before the Committee, to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Verclft, Secre- Colony of tary to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, Georgia, in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order:

A Copy ot a Letter from Patrick Tailjer, and others without a Date, to the Trustees for Georgia, received August Twenty-seven, One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-five: And also,

An Account of ail Resolutions, which the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, have at any time agreed upon, concerning the Tenures of Lands in the said Colony: And also,

A Copy ot a Remonstrance from several of the Inhabitants ot Savannah, received May Twenty-second, One thousand Seven hundred Forty-nie.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The laid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Sutton Exchange, agreed to be made of certain J^ands, in the Inclosure, Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir

Roger

2*4

13* Mali.

A.

1742.

Roger Bargoyne 6ironet, Lord of the Maftot, and Doctor Crane, Reftorof the Church of Sutton* in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing to the said Rector, an Equivalent for his Tythes, arising in the said Parish of 4Sutton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed to be made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Doctor Crane, Rector of the Church of Sutton. in ofder to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish* and for securing to the said Rector, an Equivalent for his Tythes, arising in the said Parish of Sutton.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Estate.

Manuel’s

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr* Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

jfcarl of The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made, by Carlingford’a this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Francis Earl of Carlingford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages* Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the County of York, Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Malton, in the same County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Widow and the Daughters and Coheirs of the said James Manuel: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, one for repairing the Road from Stump-Cross to Newmarket-He at k, and the Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cam~ bridge; and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Dashwood and William Payne Esquires, and

6tump-Cross Roads,

Dashwood’s Name.

One hundred Ninety-four tlorfe, arid Five thousand Six hundred Ninety-two Foot (together with the General Offi* cers) in the Pay of Great Britain, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March exclusive, to the Twenty-fifth Day of Dt* cember One thousand Seven hundred Forty-one inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-one thousand Seventy-, two Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Troops of the King of Denmark, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the '3d Day of March 1741-2, both inclusive, together with the Proportion of the Subsidy due for the said Time, and also for forty-two Days Pay, and Waggon-Money, fot their return Home, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Three hundred and Nine Pounds Seven Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid to the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hefie-Caffiell, being One thousand Two hundred Sixty-four Horse, and Four thousand Nine hundred and Eight Foot, together with the Gene* ral Officers and Train of Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March exclusive, to t!ltc 25th Day of December 1741, inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-one thousand and Six hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen ShiU lings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Troops of the King oi Sweden, as Landgrave of Heffie-Caffell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 2$th Day of December 1741, to the 25th Day of December 1742, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Seven hundred Thirty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders, together with the Coff« tingencies for the said Service, for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred and Sixty-five Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Hospital, for the Service of the Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1742.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be

their respective Issue Male, and other the Devisees of the granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commission-

Justices of Peace to commit Offenders.

Estate of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and ule the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil to the Will of the said Doctor King, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace* of a Ll* berty or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House ot Correction of the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate, was read a Second time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein;

The same was ordered to be ingrossed.

ers for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, frofri the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The said llesolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Gentlemen* Westminster appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable the Bridge and Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ImFrove* Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite ment8* Shore, in the County of Surrey, to raise a further Sufri

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the of Money towards finishing the said Bridge, and to per-

n~-----..... — form the other Trusts reposed in them, and to enable them

to purchase certain Houses, Buildings, and Estates, situate in a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, within ‘the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster; that the Provision in the said Bill, for a further Sum of Money, be made pursuant to the last of the Resolutions of the said Committee, this Day agreed to by the House.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further (jt^the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House 5 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Two hundred Seventy-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Five iPence Halfpenny be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of what remains to be paid to the Troops of his Majesty the King of Denmark, being One thousand

The Lord Limerick, according to Order, made a Report from the Committee of Secresy; ’which he read In his Place; and afterwards delivered iu at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read, and is as fofiowfeth; viz.

Your

Inquiry inW Earl of Or* ford’s Cdt* dud.

'74 i 1

oufandSi,

eneralO/E.

wenty-fish

«y of a.

i^elusive.

Emitter,

' Seventy.

3enny, bc

;e of the of Qrm 'the 3d r>th the *e> and -}'»for

littee,

Hires ’d to laim ?of

'OU«

ind

ne*

tit

he

15 Geo. II. 13

*45

Your Committeefinding themselves obstructed in their Inquiry, by the Obstinacyof Mr. Nicholas Paxton, upon his several Examinations, are under a Necedity of laying that whole Transaction before the House, together with a short State of his Behaviour, as Solicitor of the Treasury, and a publick Accomptant; as also an Account of the Behaviour of Givyn Vaughan Esquire, on his Examination.

Your Committee now think proper, in order to avoid Repetition, to acquaint the House, that* in pursuance of their Orders, all the Persons examined before the said Committee, were examined in the most solemn manner: And Mr. Michael Gibbons, being examined, said; He was Agent to John Boteler Esquire, who ft bod Candidate at the Election, for a Member of Parliament for t lie Borough of IVendover, in the County of Bucks, in 1735: Thet Mr. Boteler did* the Saturday Night before it came on> advise with the Examinant, what was proper to: be done: That the Examinant told him nothing could be done without 5 or £. 600: That* on this* he believes Mr. Be-teler told him, that he had not so much Money, but he would write a Letter to Mr. Paxton: That the next Morning one Mr. John Jones, who was a Friend of Mr. Boteler's, was sent to London, and returned on the Monday Morning to IVendover\ and on his Return, told the Examinant, that he had delivered a Letter to Mr. Paxton, and Mr. Paxton had given him £. 500. he having, at the same time, in his Hand, great Numbers of Bank Notes, which, he told the Examinant, was the £. 500. in question; and which he immediately carried in to Mr. Boteler, who soon after came out, and informed the Examinant, that the £. 500. was come.

Mr. John Jones, being examined, said. That he had no Interest in the Borough of IVendover, but was employed by Mr. Bottler, as a Friend: That, before the Day of the Election, Mr. Boteler desired the Examinant to go to Town with a Letter, to Mr. Nicholas Paxton, for Money: That he found Mr. Paxton at Fulham, and gave him the Letter; and Mr. Paxton, on reading it, desired the Examinant to meet him the next Day, at Roger IVII-/ww/s Coffee-House: That he did meet him accordingly, and Mr. Paxton gave him a Parcel of Money (of which the greatest Part, if not the Whole, was in Bank Notes,) and told him, oh delivering it. Here is your Answer: The Sum, he believes, might be about £. 500: That he carried it the fime Morning to IVendover, and delivered the fame, or the greatest Part thereof, to Mr. Boteler.

John Boteler Esquire, being examined, said. That when he flood Candidate at IVendover, in 1735, he did, on Occasion of that Election, and not long before it, make an Acquaintance with Mr. Paxton, Solicitor to the Treasury: That the Examinant was push<V at the Election, and wanted Money, and thinking he nad some Pretensions to Favour, on account of his having been ill used in his former Election, and knowing Mr Paxton was a Person about the Treasury, that might have an Interest where the Money might be had, the Examinant, as he could not come away from IVendover without Money to defray his Charges, sent Mr. John Jones tQ London, wit^i a Message to Mr. Paxton, for Money; which Message, the Examinant believes, was a Letter for £. 500: That Mr. Jones returned, with the Money, to the Examinant, a little before the Election: That the Examinant did never give either Bond, Note, or'Receipt, for the Money, nor has Mr. Paxtony at any Time since, made a Demand either of the Money, orany Security for the fame, nor did he consider himself as a'Debtorfor the Sum thus received.

Mr. Nicholas Paxton, being examined, said, That he knows Mr. John Jones very well, and has known him for some Years: That he likewise knows Mr. Boteler, formerly a Candidate at IVendover, and has known him several Years, he believes that Mr. Boteler flood Candidate for IVendover in the Year 1735, but that he was not an Agent for Mr. Boteler.

Mr. Paxton being further asked, If he advanced any Money to Mr. Jones, on the Account of Mr. Boteler, about the Time of that Election

Vol. 24.

He said, 1 will not answer that Questioin, as it may inqiiiiyinto tend to accuse myself. Earfof Or-

The Committee desired he would consider of it: To fa^slc«n-which he answered: u

I desire no Time to consider of it. '

Then he was ordered to withdraw.

And being again called in; the Question was read to him; and he was infofmed, By the Chairman, That it wais the unanimous Opinion of the Committee, that an Atffwer to this Question did not tend to accuse himself, and therefore the Coinmiftee did insist on an Answer; To which, '

He said, I desire to be excused. ‘

Then he was again ordeted to withdraw.

And being again called in 5 the Chairman repeated the Question to him $ and informed him, that t he Committee did insist on an AnsweF, and would n6t exciife Writ which,: * - ;: -:iv*

He laid, I will not answer that Questtoh; and, per*-sifting in his Refusal* was ordered id tvithdraW. \ '

Mr. Paxton, being dn the next Day, taken ijitp1, thfe Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, by Order of the HouseJ* was. On the Day following, brought before the Commft-tee, in order to be examined: Arid being again afleed.

If he did advance afny Money to Mr. John Jones, ori the Account of Mr. Boteler, about the Time of the Election at PVendovei'y in the Yedr 1735 ?

He said, I adhere to my former Answer: Upon which he was ordered to withdraw. /'

And being again called in; the Chairman, by the Direction of the Committee, repeated the same Question to him; and acquainted him, That they expected he lhoukl give a positive Answer thereto: Upon which.

He said, If you will have me give a positive Answer,

I do say, I will not answer that Question, as it may tend to accuse myself.

Your Committee, in the next Place, proceeded to ex*-mine Mr. Richard Banks, late Partner with Mr. Paxtony who said, That he became a Partner in Business* with the said Mr. Paxton, about the Year 1731, or 1732, and continued to act with him as such, till within these Four or Five Years: That in their private Business he (Banks) generally received the Money from the Clients, though not always: That in other Business, Which he apprehended related to the Publick, he gave the Bills to Mr. Paxton, who allowed them to the Examinant, upon Account, as Money: That the Examinant had One Bill, of near £. 3,oco. for Prosecutions relating to the Borough of Or-ford, inSuffolky in which Mr. John Lazvton, of the Exchequer, appeared to be the Client: That Mr. Lawton paid the Examinant several hundred Pounds, for carrying on this Profecurion; and sometimes he had Money for the same Purpose, from Mr. Paxtony for which the Examinant gave him a Receipt; but this was for the most part, when Mr. Lawton was out of the way, and when they met again, Mr. Paxton usually gave up such Receipts to the Examinant, who then gave Mr. Laiv-lon others, in lieu thereof: That twice Mr. Majlertnan received Costs from Mr. Moxon, who was concerned on the other Side, about £. 200. the First, and about £. 500. the Second time: And these Costs being allowed to the Examinant, by Mr. Majlermany who taxed the Bills, the Examinant gave Mr. Lowton a Receipt to their Amount; and the Examinant believes, that he gave no Receipt to any Person, except as aforesaid, for Money advanced in this Affair, but to- Mr. Lawton, from whom most of the Money came :That, at first, the Examinant did not know whether this Prosecution was a publick or private one; but he did at last believe it was answered by publick Money: That it was understood by all Mr. Lawtons Friends, as the Examinant believes, that the said Prosecutions were carried on with publick Money; and that Mr.

Lawton did not bear the Expence thereof: That the Examinant being at Bury, was one Evening in Company with Mr. Prime and Mr. Lawton, when Mr. Prime took Occasion to talk to Mr. Lazvtony as not thinking he had received enough in that Cause: Mr. Lazvton told Mr.

3 M Prime

0ii6

13° M

A. 1742.

Inquiiy into Earl of Or-ford's Con-dud.

Prime, that Mr. Batiks, had Orders to fee him hand- Examinant paid some Fees to the Counsel, for attending fomely, and asked Banks what he had given him ? Who the Attorney and Solicitor-General in this Affair, whichT answered, Five Guineas on each Information; and the amounted to about 40 or £. 50: That he delivered a Bill

for the fame, to Mr. Paxton, who repaid him: That Mr, Paxton, in the same manner, supported the Expence

Examinant informed the Committee, that there were several Informations 2 He further added, That Mr. Prime laid to Mr. Lazvton, I do not doubt but this is an Exchequer or Treasury Prosecution (one or other Expression the Examinant was sure of:) Mr. Lawton then said to Mr. Prime, Why do you ask me that Question ? Mr. Prime replied, I fee there is Abundance of Care taken in these Prosecutions, and a thing carried on by a private Purle would scarce have had Two Solicitors: That, thereupon.

of defending Three Informations, which were brought, during the passing of the Charter, against the Bailiff and Two Aldermen of Radnor; on which Informations they were ousted from their Offices, as Bailiff and Aldermen.

Your Committee proceeded, in the next Place, to Examine into Mr. Paxtons Behaviour, as a publick Ac-comptant, and find, that he entered on his Office of Soli-

angry Words passed between Mr. Lawton and Mr. Prime; citor of the Treasury, on the 2 2d of December 1730; from

and that at last Mr. Lawton said to him, I allure you there has been no Money disbursed hitherto, but what has been out of my Pocket, but I do not pretend to say I (hallmot be reimbursed it again: That the Examinant has sometimes jocularly asked Mr. Paxton, if these Prose-cucions were not on the public Account ? but that Mr. Paxton has been on the Reserve, and evaded it, by telling the Examinant, what is that to you, as long as you are paid f That there remains Seven hundred and odd Pounds unpaid of the Bill for these Prosecutions; That Mr. Paxton has Jikewile charged himself with another Bill of the Examinant’s, as Money in an Account to pass between them, in a Prosecution against a News-Writer, for defaming Sir Charles Gunter Nichol, just after his Death, for having accepted of a Red Ribbon: That Counsellor Chute recommended Mr. Paxton to Lady Nichol, and Mr. Paxton gave Orders to the Examinant for this Prosecution; and that, a good while afterwards, the Examinant asked Mr. Chute who he should make out the Bill to: That Mr. Chute told the Examinant, that he should be no Loser by it, but that he thought it was to cost JLady Nichol nothing; and that he apprehended Mr. Paxton was to pay it; on which the Examinant went to Mr. Paxton, who, at first, made a little Demur about it, but, after a while, he did agree to allow the Bill to pass in Account, as aforesaid, but the Examinant never did apprehend it to be at Mr. Paxton's own Expence, nor doth the Examinant know that Mr. Paxton ever charged himself with the Examinant’s Bills, as Money, before he had actually received them, unless in what the Examinant apprehends was discharged with public Money; but that Mr. Paxton has engaged himself, under his Hand, to answer for the before-mentioned Bills, as Money, in his Account with the Examinant.

Mr. Leonard Martin, who has been Partner with his Father-in-law, Mr. Paxton, fin re Michaelmas 1737, being examined, said. That he was concerned for the Borough of Radnor, but not till they came to apply for a new Charter: That he received his Directions from Thomas Lewis Esquire, who told the Examinant, as he believes, that he should be paid by the Government: That he consulted Mr. Paxton as well as Mr. Lewis; and, to

which Time, till the Month of July 1734, being Four Years, and upwards, they find, that lie had passed rio Account* nor was he in Readiness to pass the lame; for it appears to your Committee, that, on the Second of July 1734, he procured a Warrant from the Treasury, for flopping Process till the Hilary Term following; but it does not appear to your Committee, that, since that Time, Process has ever been revived against him, or that any other Steps were taken towards his passing any Account, till about Twelve Months ago, when his Account ending the 22d of December (732, was delivered into the Auditor's Office.

That, besides the Account just mentioned, there is another of Mr. Paxton's ending the 22d of December 1734, now under Examination, which was delivered into the said Office last April was Twelve Months: There lies also before the Auditor, a Third Account, ending the 22d of December 1736, which was delivered in the 8th Day of February last.

And your Committee find, that, on the 8th of Feb* ruary\a(t, a State of the Account of Mr. Paxton, from the 22d of December 1730 (the Day of his Appointment to his Office,) to the 22d of December 1 732, amounting to the Sum of £. 28,235. — 9Id. and the Discharge whereof amounted to £. 26,63®. 4*- 5^ was Submitted to the Lords of the Treasury, by Mr. Edward Bang ham, Deputy-Auditor, who has observed, at the Foot of the Account, that, for £.3,251. 171. Part of the Cravings of the said Mr. Paxton, no Receipts, or Bills of the Particulars, were produced; and that it appears, by the Warrants of the Treasury, which direct the Accoinptant’s Allowance of £. 500. per Annum, payable out of the Exchequer, that the said Allowance is to be as well in lieu of Termly, and other Fees and Allowances, which he might claim for his own Pains and Service, as for Clerk’s, Coach-Hire, and such other the like Charges, incident to the Execution of the said Office: But that it is alleged by the Accomptant, that the Services before-mentioned are foreign rp his Business, as Solicitor of the Treasury; and that he was directed, by special Orders, to attend the fame; the greatest Part of which were before his Appointment, and required his Attendance in the Country: And it appears, that this State of the said

the best of his Remembrance, Mr. Lewis told him, Mr.

Paxton was to pay him: That the Examinant’s Bill for Account, though it bears Date on the 8th of February, soliciting and passing the new Charter, and for defending was not in Fad delivered in to the Treasury till the 9th Three Informations, in the Nature of Quo Warranto, of February last; when your Committee, to their great against Three Members of the Corporation, was£. 1,284. Surprize, find, that, notwithstanding these Observations, of which upwards of £. 1,200. was on Account of passing laid before the Commissioners of the Treasury, by the the Charter, and it was paid him by Mr. Paxton, above Deputy-Auditorof the Imprest, they did, the very same a Year ago: That this new Charter was for an Incorpo- Morning, ifiiie their Warrant to One of the Auditors of ration, the old Corporation being broke up by Profecu- the Imprest, to authorize the passing and allowing of the tions, and Judgments of Oujler: That, he apprehends, laid Account.

the Petitioners for this Charter were only Persons set up by Mr. Lewis, for he was the Person that had it at Heart, and who chiefly solicited, and pushed it forwards.

' Thomas Lewis Esquire, a Member of this House, being examined, said. That he applied to have the Expences of an intended new Charter for the Borough of Radnor, borne by the Crown: That he had a favourable Answer, and believes Mr. Paxton has told him, he had Directions to take care of it: That Mr. Martin acted as Solicitor, in procuring and passing the Charter, and furnished the Money for that Purpose; but the Examinant believes Mr. Paxton paid Mr. Martin again: That the

20

But though, by this means, the Treasury did grant to Mr. Paxton all the Favour in their Power, his Accounts are not yet passed; for they must be first declared; and the Declaration is the judicial Act of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in which he can revise; and, if he fees Caule, disallow them, or any Part of them, notwithstanding the Warrant of the Treasury, and the Allowance of the Auditor, founded thereon.

Your Committee, finding that Mr. Paxton had actually passed no Account during the whole Time of his being Solicitor to the Treasury, proceeded to inquire, whether any large Surfis of publick Money had been intrusted ro

him

i5 Geq. II. i

227

him; and find, that he (lands insuper £.5,382. i8r. id. for Money paid over to him by Mr. Craichrode, when the said Mr. Paxton was his Assistant: They also find, that he (lands charged, upon the Imprest Rolls, with a Sum of £.89,314. 19J. 2{d. upon Account; so that the whole Sum of publick Money with which he (lands charged, is no less than £.94,697. 17/. 3{d.

It also appears to your Committee, that, besides the said Sums, they have already discovered, that Mr. %ho-mas Lozvther. One of the Messengers of the Treasury, has paid to the said Mr. Paxton One Sum of £.1,500. by virtue of a Minute of the Treasury; for which Sum neither the said Lazvther, nor the Ikid Paxton, are publick Accomptants.

But your Committee are utterly unable to discover by what Arts and Methods Mr. Paxton could evade passing any Account, during the Time of his being Solicitor to the Treasury, which is upwards of 1 Eleven Years, especially as it appears to your Committee, that it was the Duty of the said Treasury to oblige him to profecnteall such Accomptants as should appear to be in Arrear, by the Certificates of the Auditors of the Imprefts; for your Committee find, from a Eteport of the said Auditors (which is hereunto annexed* by way of Appendix), That, by a Warrant of the T/ealury, dated the 16th of August 1711, and signed Oxford, the Solicitor of the Treasury is directed to take care, that the Process be regularly issued against such Imprest Accomptants, as shall appear to be in Arrear by the Certificates of the Auditors of the Imprefts to the Queen’s Remembrancer; as also against all Persons (landing insuper upon any Imprest, or other Accounts; which Warrant was confirmed in his late Majesty’s Reign, as follows; viz.

Whitehall Treasury-Chambers, 18th November 1717.

Present,

Lord Stanhope, Lord for ring ton,

John Wallop, Mr. Bailie,

*c Renew the Order to the Solicitor of the Treasury, " to prosecute Supers upon Accomptants."

And your Committee are at a Loss to determine what Motives could induce the Commissioners of the Treasury to continue the said Mr. Paxton so piany Years in the Office of Solicitor of the Treasury; and to direct, that such large Sums of publick Money should, from time to time, be lodged in his Hands, when they mud have been informed by the Half-yearly Certificates, delivered in to them by the Auditors of the Imprefts, that he had passed no Accounts from the Time of his First Appointment to be Solicitor of the Treasury, which was on the 22d of December 1730.

Your Committee, the better to be enabled to discover by what Services the said Mr. Paxton could deserve such singularand extraordinary Indulgence, did, on Friday {*% direct the Keeper of Newgate to bring him before them; and, upon his being called in, the former Question was again repeated to him; viz.

Did you advance any Money to Mr. John Jones, on the Account of Mr. Boteier, about the Time of the Election at Wendover, in 1735?

Upon which, he desired that his former Answer to the said Question might be read.

Which being read accordingly;

He repeated the very same Words; viz. I will not answer that Question, as it may tend toaccufe myself.

Whereupon he was a(ked, whether the Apprehension that »t might tend to accuse himself was his only Reason for not answering

He said, That is my principal Reason.

Whereupon he was ordered to withdraw.

Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, being examined, he was asked, Jf he knew of any Sum or Sums of Money, paid out of the Salary or Profits of any Place or Office under the Government ? To which he answered;

I do not know of any, at this time.

Being further asked, If he knew of any paid within these Ten Years

Vol. 24.

He desired to know, whether he was to include him- Enquinrinto fdf, or only others. &}*%£*.

He was then informed, That the Question was general, and included all Persons.

Then he said. That he was apprehensive an Answer to that Question might in part affect himself; and therefore desired to be excused answering.

Whereupon he was ordered to withdraw.

And upon his being called in again;

He was acquainted by the Chairman, That the Committee had considered of his Objection to the Question put to him, and would dot press it further at that time.

Your Committee, are.npw proceeding with all possible Dispatch, in prosecuting the Inquiry into the Conduct of the Earl of Oxford, during the l^ft Ten Years of his being First Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chancellor, and Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer; but they cannot conclude this Report without representing to the House the great Difficulty they labour under from this obstinate and contemptuous Behaviour of Mr.iW-ton, who appears to have be^n directly or indirectly concerned in most of the Transactions into which they have hitherto inquired; and when they consider the very large Sums which have been issued to him, during the Time of his beiflgSoiicitor to the Treasury, and that no effectual Methods were ever taken to oblige him to account for any Part thereof (a Circumstance which could not arise from mere Negligence or Inattention), when they consider, that the strong and well-grounded Remarks, made on his Accounts by the Deputy-Auditor of the Imprefts, were in-(lantly followed by a Warrant of the Treasury, directing the Auditor to allow his Accounts; when they consider what strong Suspicions must arise from the foregoing Evidence, that some Part at lead of the Money in his Hands may have been employed in Practices dangerous to the Liberties of this Nation, and destructive of the Independency of Parliament; they cannot help observing, that his Perseverance in refilling to answer, seems to take its Rile from a premeditated Scheme to obstruct and frustrate their Inquiry; and, should it pass unregarded, may probably communicate itself to other Persons, whom they shall have Occasion to call before them, and by that means render it impossible to lay a clear State of Affairs before the House.

Your Committee therefore thought themselves obliged in Duty to report these Matters specially to the House; and do humbly submit the same to their Confederation.

THE APPENDIX.

Gentlemen,

My Lord Treasurer is pleased to order, That you, together with Mr. Borret, the Solicitor for the Affairs of the Treasury, do attend Mr. Attorney and Solicitor-General, and advise with them of the most effectual Methods for making out the Process of the Exchequer, from time to time, against Accomptants in Default, and for Execution of the fame.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Treasury-Chambers, Your most humble Servant,

4 June 1711. Wm. Lowndes.

}To the Right Honourable/fo^r/ Earl of Oxford, and Earl Mortimer, Lord High-Treasurer of Great Britain.

In Obedience to your Lordship’s Order, of the 4th of June, we have attended Mr. Attorney and Solicitor-General, and advised with them of the most effectual Method for making out the Process of the Exchequer against Accomptants in Default, and for the due Execution of the fame, and by whose Approbation do humbly propose:

That the Solicitor of the Treasury de direCVed to take care that the Process be regularly issued against such Imprest , Accomptants as shall appear to be in Arrear by the Certificates of the Auditors of the Imprefts to the Queen’s

Remem-

GoogU

2$8

13° M

A. 1742.

Process issued against, and executed upon, such Ac-^comptants. Reafoa why Process has not been executed.

-.pr: ... r Process issued against, and executed upon, such Accomptants.: ‘ Reason why Processris not executed.

Inquky into Remembrancer; as also against all Persons (landing tn: Orford^s super upon any Imprest, or other Accounts: "

Condua. That the like Directions be given with jrespect to the Receivers of the Land Tax, who are behind With their Accounts; as also to the Solicitors of the Customs, Ex-cife, Post-Office, Salt and Stamp Duties, with respect to the Persons (landing Insuper upon the Accounts of the Revenues; and that the Effect of such Process may appear, it is humbly proposed, That the same mAy be represented by each Solicitor, in the Beginning of every Term, to your Lordship, in the following Method; and that a Copy thereof be, each Term, transmitted to the Auditors of the Imprefts, and the Auditor of the Land Revenue: T 1 ' 1 1'

And whereas many of the Accomptants have no visible Estate in Land, and it has been found by loilg Experi-

Accomptants appearing to be in Arrear by the Certificates of the Auditors of the Imprest.

Persons (landing Insuper upon the Accounts of the Army, fee. for which no Account has been rendered.

After my hearty Commendations, having considered the Representation, of which the within-writ ten is a true Copy, and approving thereofi These are to authorize and direct you to take care, that all Matters and Things therein and thereby prescribed, for the Solicitor of the Treasury to do, be carefully and duly done and performed by you; and that your Proceedings thereupon be, from time to time, represented in the Manner, and according to the Method, thereby proposed: And for so doing, this shall be your Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury-Chambers, Oxford.

16 August, 1711.

To my very loving Friend William Borrett Esquire, Solicitor for the Affairs of the Treasury.

Which Warrant was confirmed in his late Majesty’s Reign, as follows; viz.

Whitehall, Treasury-Chambers, 18th November,

1717-

Present,

Lord Stanhope, Lord Yorrington,

John Willop, Mr. Bailie.

Supers upon Accompt- Renew the Order to the Solicitor ants about Profecu-i- of the Treasury to prosecute tions. y Supers upon ^Lccomptants.

It is submitted, Whether the Certificates from the Solicitors should not be every issuable Term, instead of every Term.

The foregoing are true Copies from the Entries in the Books in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprefts.

enCe, that the issuing Disiringas ad computandiim have had very little Effect; it is therefore proposed. That in all Cases where a Disiringas has once been issued without Effect, the several Solicitors should be directed to take out a Capias ad computandiim the next Term, to secure the Person of the Accomptant, till he gives Security for his rendering a due Account.

E. Harley,

A. Mainwairing.

I approve of the Method proposed* Edward Nor they,

July aoth, *1711.

I likwife approve of this Method.

Robert Raymond.

July 30th, 171T.

Accounts brought into the Auditors since the issuing of Process.

Infcper Accounts brought in since the daft Certificate. ' -- 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Lord Limerick and Sir John St. Aubiti do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report, with the Appendix, from inquiry into the Committee of Secresy, this Day made to the House, Earl of be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Print- 2rfodrdi ing thereof; and that no other Person, but whom he ^on u shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Call of the House.

T*sto, hcNoe4^P»/«,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

1

212.

Edward Bam ham, .

James Thomas, \ Deputy-Auditors.

Indemnifying Personi making Discoverjr against the Earl of Orford.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Corbett, 7

Brereton:

Importation of Spanish Wines.

Tellers for the Yeas, Wm-

Tellers for the Noes, \

(Mr. Alderman Heathcote. So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

54*

Ordered, That the Petition of several Merchants of

the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk,

and others, Importers of Wine into the said Port, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves

c .1 (Lord Strange, 1 and several others, this Day presented to the House rU

Tellers for the Yeas,(Sir Wym( . J 251. upon the Table p noule> do

Ditto.

Tellers for the Noes.J^gJf^ The other Orders of the Day being read,

Resolved,

Pr°pofci

they,

lm.

It; GeO, II.

c1

13 ° — 14

22<)

Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Wolvent

Debtors.

Leave of Absence.

nd.

l7n,

wtetle

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Dcbrors was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Neale have Leave to go into the Country, upon account of the sudden Indisposition of: his Lady.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14® die Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

PR A

YSRS.

eiA

Justices in Commission of the Peace,

do

"i?

L:.

Cr. tii

Insolvent

Debtors.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Escape of Prisoners.

sw* reeling >gues and gabonds.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Wolf, from the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended ‘ at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a- Lift of the Justices in the Commission of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, dated the ift Day of March 1741, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second.

v And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the -adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed, be now read.

., And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And several other of the Amendments, made by* the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the’House. ’

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Doner ail have Leaveto go into Ireland, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. James Shutt/eworth have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to prevent Pedbns from assisting Prisoners to escape, or to attempt to escape, from their Confinement: And that Mr. Carew, the Lord Mayor of London. and Mr. William Banks, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the * Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difordefly Persons, and for reducing the same intoone Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing; and Vol. 24.

regulating, Houses of Correction; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for Sale of Certain Estates of Valentine Knight ley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, and for settling another Estate in the same County, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Refo/vtdy Thzt the Bill do pass. ’

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to.resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H uife, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent foi, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Pn gress of the Colony of Georgia in America, from its first Efta-% blishment, which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February 1740, be referred to the said Com-<mittee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the humble Petition and Represen tar ion of the Council and Assembly of the Province of South Carolina to his Majesty, July the 26th,

1740, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Memorial of the Trustees for establishing the Colon} of Georgia, in America, to his Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Petition of Thomas Stephens> who fjtiles himself Agent for the People of :Georgia, to his Majesty, dated the 26th of March 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Answer of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, to tire said Petition ot Thomas Stephens, dated the 3d May 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from Patrick Tailfer, and others, without a Date, to the Trustees for , Georgia, received August 27, 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Resolutions, which the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia? in America, have at any time agreed upon, concerning the Tenures of Lands in the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Remonstrance from federal of the Inhabitants of Savannah, received May 22d,

1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and some Witnesses, for the Petitioner; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

i And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Knightley*# Eilat e.

Colony of Georgia.

"V

230

15* Mail.

A. 1742.

Sabbath *5* flfo Maii\

Anno 15* Georgii Udi Regis, 174a.

RAVERS.

Escape of i o( Qarcw presented to the House, according to Fnoncrj. *jyj[ Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent Persons from afljfting Prisoners to escape, or to attempt to escape, from their Confinement: And the same was received, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

Debtors, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to1 whom the Bill for Relief of infoiveiit Debtors, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House resumed the adjourned Consideration* of the said Report; and the remaining Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to extend the Benefit of the last Act, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, to Persons who Were beyond the Seas in foreign Parts, and shall return and surrender withtn# the Time to be limited in the Bill:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause offered to be added to the Bill, Tor vetting in Assignees, the Estates of Prisoners, who Have Estates for Lives, with Power of granting Leases for Fines, reserving fmatl Rents:

A,nd the said- Clause being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed, to by the House to be 'made Part of the Bill:

And an AmendmeAt was made by the House to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be irt-

'grossed.

ft*? Mr. Harvard prefen fed to the House, according to from Tenter Order, a Bill for th^ more effectual preventing.any Cloth, Grounds. or Woollen Goods, remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being ftoien or taken away in the Night time;: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

said Committee, relating to the said Parishes of St. Martin and St. Awe, be di['charged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Complaint beirtg made to the House, of a Letter re- j^ilq lating to a Bill now depending in this House, to prevent the Frauds committed by the Counterfeiting of Gold aAd Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread, inserted in a Paper, printed by J. Huggonfon, in Sword and Bushier Court, aver-against the Crown-Tavemy on Lndgat^ldUrmt\tja\nAy The Champion, or the Evening Advertiser, by Captain Her suits Vinegar of Pall-matt* and dated 7usfday, Map 4th, 1742;

The said printed Paper was brought up to the Thble:

And the said Letter therein inserted was reads And the House being moved, That the Journal of the House of the 26th Day of February 1728* in relation to the Resolutions of the House against giving, in written or printed News-Papers, any Account or Minutes of the Debates or other Proceedings, of this House, or of any Committee thereof, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That J. Huggonfon, Printer of the said Paper, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Soap-makers residing in Frauds« and near the Borough of Launcejion, whose Names are 5o*P utjr' subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other fair Makers of Soap within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; nepresenting to the House, That, notwithstanding the Care and Vigilance of those employed in securing the Duties on Soap, it is found by Experience, That the Laws already enacted are not sufficient to prevent great Frauds in the said Revenue, which are daily committed by Soap-makerf, cfpcetally such. as live in Villages and Country Places, distant from the Residence of an Officer; whereby the Crown is deprived of corisiderable Part of the said Duties, and the fair Trader i&greatty injured, and Fraud and Perjury committed with Impunity; and that this Evd may-W leffeocd,.tf not altogether prevented; pro-poling; That an tnapression be made with a Stamp upon every Piece of Soap that is weighed, and charged with the Duty; and that those who shall expose a Piece or Cake of Soap to Sale, not having such Stamp or Impression thereon, shall forfeit as the Parliament shall think fit: And therefore praying the House to give such Relief id the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Robbing of Fish Ponds. &c.

Sekd fcarith Vestries.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual punching Persons, who shall unlaw-frilly and maliciously kill, destroy, or deal, any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews; and also Persons who shall wilfully and maUciously pxjll down or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are uftially kept: And that Mr. PhUipps, Mr. Po\vtoey> Mr. Cnrem, Mr. IVinford, and Sir Thomas Drury* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Perceval* from the Committeer to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Pari (lies of St. Martin in the Fields* St. Anne, St. James\ St. George Hanover-Square* and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report relating to the said Parishes of St. James and St. Margaret, which they had directed him to make to the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for taking into further ConfidWation the Report from the 24

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee of a Person or-Secresy* That he was directed by the Committee to dered into acquaint the House, That Mr. Joseph Bell* having been Custody for examined by the said Committee in the most lolcmn o^AiffwL. Manner, did refuse to answer to whAt had been demanded 6 of him by the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Bell, having been examined by the Committee of Secresy in the most foleftm Manner, and refuting to answer to what wa3 demanded of him by the said Committee, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Lord Limerick presented to the House, According Indemnify. to Order, a Bill for indemnifying such Persons as shall, ing Persons upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Dif- making Dif-position of pub.ic Money, or concerning the Disposition cpv?r* . of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect Evlof thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Con- Orferd. dust of Robert Earl of Orford: And the Tam j was received; and read the First time.; "

- Refolded* That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That thedaid Bill be read a Second time upon Morning next.

The

d. 1742,

hes of St. Mtr. :n into further

)f a Letter re-% to prevent; of Gold and the Propos. rmaking of printed by iver*again{ The Cham* n Hawks

k

Am*]

be Table;

I:

ial of tie lation to rittenor; of tie of any

are

fair

to

at,

n*

d

e

1

15 Geo. II. .15* — 170 4fed. 231

The Order of the Day being read;

Certain Offi- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the SingX<Mcm- wkole House, upon the Bill to exclude certain Officers bersf " from being Members of the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fVedneJday Morning next.

then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 17* die Maii;

Anno 15" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

Pray ERS.

Fraud* fn PETITION of the federal Soap-makers redding in oap utyf and near the trough of <favistock, whose Names

are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other fair Makers of Soap within this Kingdom: And

A Petition of several Soap-makers residing in and near the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other fair Makers of Soap within this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Frauds committed in the Revenue of the Duties on Soap by Soap-makers, especially such as live in Villages and Country Places, distant from the Residence of an Officer; and proposing, for lessening, if not altogether preventing this Evil, That an Impression be made with a Stamp upon every Piece of Soap weighed and charged with the Duty: And praying Relief: r And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie tpon the Table.

Ffcape.of . A Bill iwre effectually to prevent Persons from assist-Prisoners. ing PriCners to escape, or to attempt to escape, from their Confinement, was read a Second time.

Resolve^, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carey;) 'Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Pinmptre, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. James Grenville, , Mr. Ord, Sir Arthur Forbes, Sir Tho. Cave, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Bowles. Sir Watkin Wms. Wynne, Mr. Shuttle worth, Mr. Lyster, Doctor Butler, Mr. Rich Lyster, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Carter, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Moore, Mr. Levinz, Sir Harry Northcote, Lord Limerick, Mr Ranks, Wx.Godulphin, Mr. Warbnr-- ton, Mr. Masters, Mr. Hop (on, Mr. Owen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Earle, Mr. Laroche, Mr. York, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gray, Sir John Chester, Mr. Sydenham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

justices of An ingrossed Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace Peace to of a Liberty, or Corporation, to commit Offenders to f ST' House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Di-

c u vision, in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate, was read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty, or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Division,

in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, a^d desire their Concurrence.

'rotession of An ingrossed Bill for the better Preceding Vade during of the Trade and Navigation of this* Kingdom, in Times War. of-War, wasr^jfceThy4ttf».

The Amendments folfowiftg were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. ai. After " Trade,’ ’ to insert 11 and the ie Colonies there

6. 2i. After <c Protection," to insert u of the

" laid Colonies, and:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Protecting and Securing of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in Times of War.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The Serjeant at Arras attending this House, being T.ieSerjeant called upon to inform the Hpufe, whether the Order of to inform the Saturday last, for taking into his Custody Mr. Joseph Bed, Excajtioaof liad been executed, acquainted the House, That me laid an Order. Order had been exe<. uted; and that the said Joseph Bell was now in his Custody.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from time to time, bring the said Joseph Bell, now a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee of Secresy, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the House Public Ac-to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, counts of the upon the Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the pub- &in&dora* lick Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Hynde Cotton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to j/lnen refoTve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M*picture* consider of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British and lrtjh Linens exported from England to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hooper to k the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Hooper reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that be was directed by the Committee to move, tJhey, may fray$ to fit again.

Resolved,

232

17° — i* Man. 1742.

Resolvej, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Brooke’s The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Lunacy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

SelcA Parish The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

Vestriea. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, is referred, relating to the Parishes of St. James and St. Margaret;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pxivilcge-: And the House being informed, That J. Huggonfon, Printer of the Paper, intituled, The Champion, or the Evening Advertiser, by Capt. Hercules Vinegar, of Pall-mally z.nd dated Tuesday, May 4th, 1742, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar (the said Paper being shewed to him) confessed, that he printed the same; and expressed his Sorrow for having inserted therein the Letter, whereof Complaint was made to this House upon Saturday last.

And then he was ordered to withdraw.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 18° Man;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742, Praters.

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, setting out, Acto and allotting, certain common Fields and Inclosures wit h- Omi, in the Manor and Parish of Aston Cantlow, in the County QcUa of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing, setting out and allotting, certain common Fields and Inclosures within the Manor and Parish of AJion Cantlow, in the County of Warwick

Ordered, That Mr Hay do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of St.’Anne, Selrft Parifl within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Mid- Vefuics, dlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Vestrymen, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Report made from the Committee appointed to consider of the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Anney and several other,

Parishes in the said Petition mentioned, and ordered to lie upon the Table, for the Perusal of the Members of this House, doth, as the Petitioners conceive, greatly affect them: And therefore praying, That they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, what they have to offer on their behalf, so far as the said Report may relate to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anney St: James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred, be taken into further Consideration: And that the Petitioners, the Vestrymen of the said Parish of St. Anne, if they think fit, be then heard, upon their said Petition* by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the principal Inhabitants of the several Jpitto.^ Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James*

St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, who have petitioned this.Hoyft-in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition of the Vestry-. men of the said Parish of St Anne, at the same time Vnat the said Vestrymen ^ire to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition. J

Escape of TV/I R* Curew reported from the Committee, to whom Prisoners. X the Bill more effectually to prevent Persons from affi fling Prisoners to escape, or to attempt to escape, from their Confinement, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Eleffio* whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Llwl-the Laws touching the feleftions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrairt the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one , and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgroffe I.

YValcot’s Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Marriage Portion of Mary, late Wife of John . Walcot Esquire, and also Part of his settled Estate, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Male, was committed. That the Committee had exami/ied the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that iheP arties concerned had given their

Ordered, That Mr. Portmah have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc-. Abfe^ce.. cafions.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour have Leave to go, n-into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary* Dltt°* Occasions.

The Lord Perceval, according to Order, reported from $eiea Parish the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal In-. Vellrics. habitants of the several Parishes of St Martin in the Fields'

St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St.

Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said re- f spective Parishes, was referred, the Matter, which the

Committee

-w

15 Geo. II. 18° Mali. 233

Committee had directed him to report to the House,* They then proceeded to prove, That the Accounts of sde& p*n<b relating to the said Parishes of St. James and St.Marga- the Parish are audited by the Vestry: Vfftr, M

ret; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards And several of the Books of the Churchwardens Ac-delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was counts, which the Committee had ordered to be laid be-read; and is as follows; viz. fore them, from the Year 1720, being then called for, it

The Committee next proceeded upon the Parish of appeared, that there was not one Voucher delivered in for St. James. a Space of Ten Years, from 1720 to 1730; and that, du-

Mr. Cartwright and Mr. Guthrie, Agents for the Pe- ring that Term, the Originals only of Two Years, viz. titioners in this Parish, being called in, first undertook 1722 and 1727, and that of the Churchwardens in 1725, to prove. That the Vestry assess the Rates: had been produced; and that the Accounts of the Years

And accordingly produced the Leidgerof the Scaven- 1721, 17231 1724, 1723, and 1726, were Copies, ger’s Rate for the Year 1728, ending: 729, for Rupert- Mr, Ruftat, the Vestry Clerk, being required to an-

Jireet Ward; which was said, in the Words of the Rate, fwer, Why the Order of the Committee had not been to be " made by us, whose Names are annexed And obeyed? said, That he could give no Account of the Ori-^AtmRuJlat, One of the Vestry Clerks, acknowledged, that ginals of those Years: That he supposed the Officers of they were the Names of Vestrymen only; and proved the Parish had kept their respective Accounts; and that their Hands. they were most of them dead; lb that he knew not what

The Committee then calling for the former Books of had been done with them. Being then asked as to the this Rate, which had been ordered in, from the Year 1720, Copies, by whom they were authenticated ? he said, He were informed. That none of these Books, between the presumed they were true Copies; but he could not take Years 1720 and 1727, had been delivered: And Mr. upon him to say they were au then tick.

Ruftat being questioned, Why the Order of the Com- Being further questioned, Whether it was not usual mittee was not obeyed ? he said, That he knew nothing and requisite, that the Parish Officers should give up their of these Books. Accounts and Vouchers to the Vestry ? he said, That

Mr. Ruftat being further asked. Whether the Vestry they ought to do it. did not make the Scavenger’s Rate before the Year 1727 ? Whereupon, a Member of this House, and One of he answered, That he believed they did. the Vestry of this Parish, informed the Committee, That

The Act of the id of James the Second, relating to the Vestry had kept, and produced, the Books of Ac-the Parish of ?/. James, being then read, it appeared, that counts from the Year 1730 to this Time; and that these the Vestry had no Authority to make this Rate; but that Books were sufficient to prove any ill Management of the this Power was vested in the Churchwardens, and Three present Vestry.

or Four lubflantial Inhabitants. Upon which, the Agents for the Petitioners observed,

The Agents then produced the Leidgerof the Rate for That the View of the Petitioners, in their Application to the Preacher-Assistant 1726 (a)> which was entered as this House, was not to fix any Charge, or to procure any made in a legal Manner; viz. by the Churchwarden and Censure, upon any one, but only to shew, that the Powers Three or Four lubflantial Inhabitants; but the Names^ exercised and claimed by the Vellry, were contrary to being read of those who figr.ed the Rate, they appeared Law, and prejudicial to the Inhabitants; and that, at to be all Members of the Vestry. whatever Period of Time this might be proved, it be-

Mr. Ruftat being then required to produce the Books longed to their Purpose to make if appear, since the

of this Rate, which had been ordered by the Committee Powers of the Vestry, though suspended for a Time, might to be laid before them, irom the Year 1720; he answered, he revived whenever they thought proper, while their That he knew nothing of these Books between the Year Constitution did subsist the fame. They further observed,

1720 and 1726. That though they were deprived of much Matter by the

Being then asked, Whether this Rate was made as the Want of these original Books, yet, that sufficient still

Law directed ? he said, It was, from the Year 1726 till appeared upon such Books as were delivered in to the

this Time, except in the Year 1732; but that, before Committee, to support this Allegation, the Year 1726, the Vestry made it. . Then they called for the Churchwardens Account of

As to the Rate for the Watch, Mr. Ruftat acknow- the Year 1722, and read an Entry in these Words: ledged, that it wasalways made by the Vestry, pursuant to " According to, and by Virtue of, an Order of this Vef-the A<fl of Parliament. " try, we being met to audit the Accounts, do report the

The Agents then produced an Order of Vestry, in the "State of the Accounts:" Which Report was signed Vestry Minutes (b)% of the 16th of April 1723, That by Vestrymen only, and Two Justices of the Peace, who the Poor’s Rate be 7d. in the Pound for that Half-year: were Members of the Vestry.

As also another of the 30th of March 1725 (c), That They inflanced likewise a Report in 1727, of a Com-the several Rates, viz. for the Poor, Scavenger, Preacher- mittee of Vestrymen only, appointed to audit the Ac-Assistant, and Highway, be the same as they were last counts.

Year. A general Account of the Overseers of the Poor be-

Mr. Ruftat being examined as to the Poor’s Rate, said, ing then produced, called the Balance-Book, theyobserved That the Vestry did make this Rate till the Year 1727: another Order of Vestry of the 3d of October 1722 (d).

And being further questioned, Whether they do not for an Audit of the Parish Accounts, signed by none make it still ? he owned. That the Vestry do still order but Vestrymen, and Two Justices of the Vestry. what the Quantum of the Rate shall be; but that it is Mr. Ruftat being examined as to the Books from which signed in a different Manner; and that the Order of the this general Balance-Book was compiled, said. That he Vestry has been never contradioed. could not tell where they were: And being then desired

The Agents then observed. That as to the Rates for to inform the Committee, Whether the Vestry always the Poor, that the Vestry have no Title to concern them- proceeded in this Manner? he said, They did so till selves with this Rate; and that the Act of the 430 of the Year 1730; but that, since that Time, the Accounts Elizabeth directs, That it should be made by the Church- are only signed by Two Justices of the Peace; and that wardens and Overseers of the Poor only: They observed they are never signed by the Inhabitants, further, that many of the Acts of the Vestry, not legally And to shew, that the Vestry appropriate and apply performed, were yet legally signed; which had appeared the Money of the Parish as they fee proper, die Agents in the Examinations also with regard to the former Pa- produced an Order of Vestry of the 19th of February rishes, and which serve only to amuse and to deceive the 1721 (e*) That the Churchwardens, and such of the Publick. Vestry as think fit, do agree concerning the Leasehold

Ground, and Instruments of the late Raker; and a Refo-

(a) Append. N° ro. (b) Append. N° 1. (c) Append.

N* a. (d) Append. N° fi. (c) Append. N*J.

Vdi.. 24. 3 O lution.

134

lution» in consequence thereof, upon the 19th of May Veftfvi. following (f)> That £.500. be borrowed, upon Security of the Vestry, for this Purchase: And they produced Evidence to shew, that this Ground was little more than a large Dunghill, which was fold afterwards for £.280; and that there was no Account what became of the Instruments which were purchased together with it.

An Order of Vestry was likewise produced, in the Minutes of the Vestry, 20th of December 1723* Folio 26a (g)y requiring the Churchwardens to put out the Balance of the Churchwardens and Overseers Accounts, upon some Security, for the Use of the Parish: Whereupon, the Agents observed, That this Balance amounted to no less than a Sum of £.900; and that the raising of such Sums, above what the Service of the Parish did demand, was a great Burthen to the People, and exposed them to many Inconveniencies.

They then proceeded to shew, That the Vestry assessed unequally and partially; and, in Support of this Allegation, the Overseer’s Book for Marlborough-street Ward, in 1733, was produced; wherein Henry Parsons, a Vestry-man, appeared rated at £.24. for his House in Coventry-street: And Mr. Innefiey, being examined, said, That it was of much greater Value: That this House afterwards came to his Son; and Mr. Vaughan took it at £.80; and that it was rated at £.60, as appeared by the Rate in the Year 1739. x Mr. Richard Bullock informed the Committee, and the

Watch Book 1740 was produced in Confirmation of it, That Mr. Wimberley, a Vestryman, is rated for Two Houses in Ryder-street only at £ 26. per Annum; but that he letts them for £.40. per Annum, and reserves Two Rooms for himself. -,r:

The Agents then informed the Committee, That the Rule of the Vestry in 67. James's Parish is to rate the Parish at Three Quarters of the real Value; but that this is a Rule not generally kfiown to the Parish; by which the Vestry may rate who they please at the full Value; and the Persons so rated do not conceive they are aggrieved, while others are rated One Fourth-part less.

Mr. Whimmes Skinner then informed the Committee, and it was confirmed from the Poor’s Book in Golden-Square Ward, 1739, That his House (which was lett for £.22), was rated at £22; which, according to the Vestry Rule, was £.5. more than he ought to be rated at: And he being asked, Why, he did not appeal ? said, That he did not pay the Taxes himself; and he had not long known the Rule of the Vestry.

Whereupon a Member of this House, and One of the Vestry of this Parish, informed the Committee, That this House was rated to the Land Tax, in the Year 1736, at £.26. per Annum; and t|hat the Vestry made the Poor’s Tax from that of the Land,

The Watch Book for Pall-Mall Ward, 1735, being produced* it. appeared, that pour Houses in the Friery, belonging to Mr. Ludby, a Vestryman, charged to the Land Tax at £.100. per Annum, were affdfed to the Parish Taxes only at the Rate of £.72: And Mrm Bullock bcingexamined, laid. That Mr. Ludby, lately, and now, as be believes, letts these Houses in to Lodgings; and that the Lodgers refuse to pay, because they are Lodgers, and the Landlord, Mr. Ludby, will not pay, because he is Landlord* lu these Circumstances, as they apprehend, the Earish receive no Rates at all for them.

The Agents then observed, That, by Act of Parliament, the Rates for the Poor, the Watch, Preacher-Assistant, and Highways, are charged upon all Estates whatsoever:

But that the Vestry, not with (landing, do excuse some Species of Estates; and they instanced Ormond Meuje in i)ukeiftreetJY'NQ other Stablings in King-street 67. James's-Square, and the Blue Bally and: the Catherine-wheel Stable-Yards in St. James's-street; and that they likewise never rated the Country Market;

(f) Append. N* 4, (g) Append. N* 5.

A. 1742.

Mr. Rufiat, the Vestry Clerk, being examined to this Matter, acknowleged, That thofeStables and Stable-Yards were never rated to the Parish: And being asked, Whether they were charged to the Land Tax ? he said. They were; but that they paid no Parish Taxes; and that he could not tell the Reason.

Being questioned. Whether the Country Market paid any Parish Taxes ?. he said. That it was never rated.

Being asked. At what Sum it was charged to the Land Tax ? he said, About £.1700.

Being then desired to inform the Committee, To whom that Market belonged ? he said. To Mr. Ludby, a Vestryman, Mr. Bowling, and Mrs. Kilmaine.

Mr. Rufiat being then questioned, Whether Arthur Rawlinfony the High Constable, paid any Parish Pates? he acknowledged, That he paid none s And a Member of this House, and One of the Vestry of this Parish, informed the Committee, That he had issued several Sum-monfes to call the said Arthur RazvHnfott, and the Con-stabks, before him, in order to make him pay; but that he did not care to proceed further to compel him, because he was supported by the Burgesses Court, who said, That he ought not to pay.

The Vestry Minutes, of the 26th of September 1723 (k)y being then produced, the following Entry was read:

Ordered, That all the Clergy and Officers belonging to J " the Church and Vestry be, upon the next Rating of the "Books, excused from paying any Parochial Rate."

The Honourable Member before-mentioned then produced an Order Ten Years antecedent to that last spoken of; viz. in May 1713, "That ali should pay;" but said, this Order was annulled, the Collectors having represented, that the Clergy of St. James would not, because the Clergy of 6/. Martins did not pay; so the Order was repealed, with regard to the Rector; and that the Reafori why the Clergy of St. Martin s did not pay, was, because they claimed this Exemption in lieu of Burial Fees for the Poor, as he apprehended.

Whereupon the Agents for the Petitioners observed. That, as they conceived, the Clergytwere not in titled by Law to any of those Fees; for that the Poor’s Act, of the 43d: of Elizabeth, expressly ordains, That the Clergy shall be charged to the Poor’s Tax in like Manner as the rest of the Parishioners; so that this Exemption was contrary to Act of Parliament.

Mr. Rufiat, the Vestry Clerk, being examined. Whether the Order of Vestry, of 1723, was observed ? said, That it was observed for many Years: And being asked, Whether the Persons excused under that Order do now pay ? he said. That they have paid for some Time. ':

Mr. Seddon, One of the Vestry Clerks, being examined. Whether he paid the Rates ? he said, That he did.

Mr* Rufiat.being then asked. Whether his Prededessor St of liar dy the Vestry Clerk, ever paid the Rates? belaid* That he was always rated; but that he neverpaid.*

Being further examined. Whether he paid the Parish Taxes himself? he answered, That he paid most of th6trf; but has been excused the Watch Rate two or three times.

Mr. Walker, O.verseer of the Poor in 1739, being examined, Whether the Servants of the Church paid the Rates during his Collection ? said, That Stephettjbn,: the Sexton, refuting to pay, he inquired what the Custom was; and that Stepkenfon, and some of his Brother Overseers, informed him,.That the general Custom was, that the Officers belonging to the Church and Vestry should not pay: And being asked. Whether be had summoned Stephenson to appear before the Justices, to give Reason for his Nonpayment ? he answered. That he never hade The Agents then observed, That though this Order of Exemption, made in 1723, was of late not pleaded by the Parish Officers, or with respect to all the Parish Taxes; yet that it was never repealed; and that it still subsists, to excuse those whom the Vestry incline to favour; and that if it were repealed by them, the same Power which could

(h) Append. N° 6. '

18° Mail.

1742.

dStable.y

leiluI.Tb»

; an(l that b

rketpaij

T rated. to the Ud

Towbcj Ludfay j

w Ank

ft Hates: Member atiili, in.

ral Sum-

Con-)ut teat in, be-r, who

J72J read: ngto >t the

pro-

ken

lid,

it-

he

e-

n

c

r

15 Geo. II. 18° Mail235

make such an Order once, might revive it when they force the Payment of the Rates; but that he could very Sele&Parish pleased. rarely get another Justice to meet him. V-ftric*.

The Watch Book for Pall Mall Ward, 1740, Folio 31. The Agents for the Petitioners then took Notice, That

being produced, it appeared, That one Samozen was rated the honest Inhabitants greatly suffered, and laboured un-at £-30 per Annum; and Mr. Richard Bullock, being der heavier Rates, from the Impunity of those who recalled in, informed the Committee, That he had been fused to pay; That the Vestry ought to apply to the concerned in the Management of an Estate, of which this Quarter Sessions to enforce these Payments, if particular House was a Part, for nearThree Years: That this House Justices of the Peace neglect! to perform their Duty, was formerly lett for /. 30 per Annum; and that he has They then produced the Watch Rate 1740, Pall-mall now Commission to lett it for £.33; and consequently, Ward, Folio 30. to prove the Partiality of the Vestry in that the House was over-rated the proportional Rate, ac* afiefling themselves; and they again instanced Two cording to the Rule of Bating laid down by the Vestry, Houses in Ryder-street, belonging to Mr. IVimberley, a being only { of the Value, and not more than £. 25. Vestryman, which appeared to be both together rated at Being asked, If it was never lett for more than £* 30 ? no more than £. 26. he laid. He cannot be sure, because that Mr. Montiney> Mrs. Mary Barret, Tenant to both these Houses, said, the Landlord, formerly received the Rent himself; but That (he paid to the said Mr. IVimberley £.40 per Annum that he believes it was never lett for more: And being Rent for the said Two Houses; out of which, Mr. IVim-further questioned, Whether Mr. Samozen ever appealed berley reserved for his own Use, in one of the said Houses, again!! this Kate? he laid. He did not know; but that the Parlour, the Room over that, the Two Pair of Stairs very probably he did not, because that, till very lately, he Room, the Garrets, and the Vault under the Street; but was not acquainted with the Rule of the Vestry before- that foe has the Use of these' Rooms'when Mr. IVimber-mentioned; so that he did not know himself to be ag- ley is in the Country; and that, in consideration thereof, grieved. foe agrees to pay the Pari so Taxes.

In the same Book, and same Folio, Mrs.Volverfoven Mr. IVimberley being then called in,‘produced his Lease

appeared to be rated at £. 30 per Annum. (i), by which he confirmed the Evidence of Mrs. Barret:

Mr. Bullock informed the Committee, with regard to And being asked, Whether he lived in St. James's Parish ? this House, That he had been employed to go, in her be- he said, He thinks he does. Being further questioned, half, to the Vestry, to appeal against this Rate: That How often he comes to Town, and whether he ever lives Mr. Seddon, the Vestry Clerk, was there; but he believes in this Apartment ? he fays, He comes three or four times that the Meeting was a Commission of the Land Tax: a Week to Town; but acknowledged, that he has lain in

That they proposed to rate Mrs. Volverfoven at £. 40; Town but once or twice in Three Years. Being asked, but he obtained an Abatement to £. 35: That this was Whether the Furniture of this Apartment wasJiis own ?’ the Sum of the Rent ft)e paid; but that, according to he laid. That formerly the Furniture was his own but the Rule of the Vestry before-mentioned, her propor- that Mrs. Barret desired Leave to furnifo it herself, not tional Kate should have been no more than £. 26. $s. liking his Goods; and that, since that Time, he has had In the same Book, and same Folio, Mr. Thornton ap- no Furniture in that Apartment, peared to be rated at £. 37: And Mr. Bullock informed Mr. Frith, Overseer of the Poor for the Year 1726, the Committee, That the Inhabitant of this House of- beingcailed in, informed the Committee (which likewise sured him, that his Rent was no more than £. 40; so appeared by the Rates of that Year,) That the Lord IVII-that, according to the Rule of the Vestry, this was an i/am Pozvlett, formerly a. Vestryman of this Parifo, was rated Over-rate of £. 7. 1 at £.6 per Annum to the Poor: That, at the End of the

And the Question being asked, Whether an Appeal Year, he called upon the said Lord for the Money, and had been ever made against the Rate in this Instance? was sent by his.Lordfoip to Mr. Stothard, then Vestry the Agents for the Petitioners answerecl, That they could Clerk, who, as he said, always paid the Taxes for him: not say; but they observed once more to the Commit- Mr. Stothard told him, that he would pay; but he sup-tee, that many do not appeal, because they do nor know, posed, that he (the said Frith) knew what ttiy-hold JVi/-in general, the Vestry Rule of abating to {of the real Ham paid: Mr. Frith answered, That he presumed my Rent; and that, since’ this Inquiry, they have found iry Lord paid what he was assessed: To which Mr Stothard, numerable Persons, who, from want of knowing thi$, the Vestry Clerk, replied, No, my Lord never pays more had nof’complained ;'andgaVt: that Reason for it. J .' tf&njf. 3. \$s. for the whole Year; which thereupon he It appeared like#ii*e iris the;lame Book, and same Folio,’ (the said Frith) received, and no more: That he afterwards That Jane Mower, whose 'Rent was j£. 40, was likewise Gompiained of this to Mr. Woodtock; who said, He wonrated at £. 37; which' Was ari'Over-rate of the same Sum. dered that my Lord should lit in t he Vestry to lereen him-In the fatrie Book, folia 32. thfe Agents for the Pe- self; but Mr. Stothard told him, that my Lord said. We titioners instanced the Name of Robert Margoridge, whose that fit at the Board riiuft take the Burthen off ourselves.

Rent, as they affirmed, was no more than £.12per Ah- Mr. Rufat being then examined; said, That he was, at Hum, yet he was rated at nb less than £. 21, ' the Time before-mentioned, Clerktotheiaid Mr. Stothard:

The Committee being greatly surpriied at a Rate so far That the Lord HI Ilium Powlett was fated lowey than the rest above the Rent; of the House upon which it was assessed, of the Inhabitant; which they complained: That inquired of the'Agent into the Reason of this Aftelf- thereupon my Lord sent to Mr. Stothard, and'desired, men*, wither he had paid any Fine, or what could be the that hermight be rated higher than he rially paid; tocoh-Pretence fora CliaVgefo fnuch above all Rule ? To which tent the Parifo ionet's*; but that his Master Stothard told-the-Agents'answerecl, That they did not know, that any him, he never paid more afterwards than he did before.

Fine was given: That ftWs a very poor House; but The Agents being then questioned, Whetherthe Vestry that the Charge was of no 'great Corijcquence; for that ordered himte be exetafed ? tmfWered, That they did not it was never-paid; which'was the same of many others, chargje them With anff such writteri’Order; but that there The Corn m ft tee then inquiring, What the Reason was, were Orders of Two Kinds,-publitk and tacit, that Persons charged to ' the Rate did not ‘pay ? the Mr._Bl'akejiey being thericaHediri, Was examined to the Agents laid; Thdt, ill Tome Cafes, they would riot pay, same Head; and said, That, in the Year 1729 or 30, be-when they thought themselves over-rated; and; in other irigWatedfo the Poor; as he thought, trip much, he* re-Cafes, they would not pay, thobgh they were not a(- fo&d'-so pay the Raxe: That he was furhmfoned thereupon felled at more: than they ought lo'be. ’ ' beifott the Vestry, and-required to give his*Reasons for his

Whereupon, the Honourable Member before-mentron.-’ Non-payment: He told them, that he refiifed because he ed, being a Justieieof the Peace for the City and Liberty was rated higher than hi# Neighbours 5 arid Instanced to

(i) Appendix, N° la.

' them

or Westminster, inrormed the committee, mat lie nad many times, as a Justice of the.Pe^efii, endeavoured toen-Vol. 24.

Sele& Parish Vestrics.

23 6 18*

them the House of Mr. CoombeOne of the Vestrymen, which was rated at no more than £. 16 per Annum, though full as good as his own; whereas he (Mr. Blakejlej) was rated at £. 36; which was more than double. Whereupon he observed to the Vestry, That this was a cruel Hardship upon him, who was but a young Man, just come into Business; but that One of the Vestrymen, whom at this Distance of Time he cannot presume to name, said, in open Vestry, "That it was reasonable that the Gentlemen, " who had the Fatigue of the Parish Business, should have feme Indulgence:*’ That the Vestry did not censure this Speech, or take any Notice of it; and that they would not lower the Witness’s Rate at that time; but said, they would do it the next Year* which they did; but that he was reduced no lower than £. 24; at which Sum he has been rated ever since; and that Mi. Coombes was not raised, but (till continues rated at no more than/. 16.

Being then asked, How he knew this Meeting to be a Vestry ? he answered, That it confided of Vestrymen: And being further questioned, Whether his Summons was signed by the Vestry? he said, He could not tell; but that, in consequence thereof, he appeared at the Board: And being asked, Whether a Clergyman was there ? he answered. He believed not.

The Petitioners then proceeded to prove the illegal Application of the Parish Money; and, in.Support of this Allegation, produced the Parish Rates for the Preacher-Assistant, from the Year 1721 to the Year 1730, inclusive.

From which Books, the Sums actually collected in this Parish, on Account of this Rate, appeared as follows;

1721 . - . £- 230 s. l7 d.

1712 - - - - 232 H

1723 - " - - 234 16 3

1724 - - - - 23 7 *.5

1725 " - - 229 11

1726 - - 222 5 7i

1727 - - - 212 12 8

1728 - 172 6 —

1729 - - - - 191 7 4s

>73° - - - 172 10 6f

£.2,136 16 11

The Committee then called for the Act of the ift of James the Second, by which this Rate was originally imposed; and.it appeared, that the Parish is to be charged to this Kate to far as to raise the Sum of £. 100, and no more, for the Preacher-A Aidant, over and above all Charges and Deduction of the Collection (k).

W hereupon the Agents for the Petitioners took Notice, That the Sum raised for this Purpose was more than double what the Act of Parliament allowed; and that whatever Application might he made of this Surplus, it, was contrary to the Law.

One of the Agents for the Petitioners then produced the Book of Parish Legacies, in order to shew, that a Legacy of £. 150, left to the Poor of the Parish by one Mr. Deferars, having been divided to Twenty Gentlemen of the Vestry, the Distribution of it was not, as he could find, accounted for to the Parish in the same manner that other Legacies have been since that Time.

And the said Book being read, it appeared, that the said Money was ordered to be divided, as above, to the said Twenty Vestrymen; but with this Addition, " To be u by them employed for the Relief of the Poor;" with a Reference to the Minutes of the Vestry of the 25th of April 1716.

Which Minutes of Vestry being produced to the Committee (I), an Entry of that Date appeared in the said Minutes, directing the Sum of £. 133. 12 6d. to be

divided to Nineteen Gentlemen of the Vestry; and among these Dr. Clarke, late Rector of St. James's, and several Persons of Distinction 5 to be by them distributed in small Sums to proper Objects.

(kJ Appendix, N* 13* 0) Appendix, N* 1.

Mali. 1742.

Whereupon some Gentlemen of the Committee taking Offence at the Matter so brought in Evidence by the said Agent, as conceiving it to have been opened unfairly, in the First Instance, by the Agent, who had not mentioned the End for which it was divided to the Vestrymen; (viz. to be distributed to the Poor;) and as it was a Re-fledion upon Gentlemen of great Credit and Worth;

The Agent, tojuftify himself, observed, That he had at first declared, that he asserted nothing positively, but what appeared upon the Books: That, in opening this Matter, he had not thought it necessary to particularize every circumstance of an Entry, the Whole of which was to be read immediately after by the Clerk, and before he could draw any Inference from it 1 and that he could have had no unfair View in what he had said, because he had produced that Order to have it read; and that, when it was read, the latter Part, which he had omitted to mention, must have been read with the former, and could not have been concealed from the Committee: That it was true, that Dr. Clarke, and the other Gentlemen mentioned in the Minutes, as the Persons to whom this Money was divided, were Men of so much Honour, that no Man could suspect their Misapplication of it; nor could he (the Agent) mean it as any Reflection upon them; but that he (till thought this might be properly brought in Evidence under the Head of Misapplication of the Parish Money; because he apprehended, that the Manner in which this was done, might be a Precedent for the like again; and that a Confidence of such a Nature might be hereafter reposed in Persons not of the same Worth: That, for these Reasons, the giving of Money to a/particular Use to any Person, to be distributed, was not a sufficient Account of that Money; and that the Reason for his Mention of it was, because there was no Account afterwards, that he had seen, of the particular Objects who had been relieved by it; which he conceived to be the proper Method that the Vestry should have taken, and which they of later Times had taken, in the Distribution of such Monies: That, therefore, it what he had laid, carried any Reflection, it could not be construed, nor intended, against the Gentlemen who received the Money, but against the Vestry, who, in his Judgment, had applied it irregularly; and that, if he mentioned this by way of Reflection against a former Vestry, even the Vestry of this Time had no Reason to be offended at it; for this was a Transaction which had passed many Years ago; at which Time it is confefied on all hands, that many wrong things were done ;. but that he does not charge thq present Members of the Vestry with what their Predecessors did: He knows many of them to be Men of great Honour; and that they have rectified many Abuses in this Parish: That he has no Charge against the present Vestry; and that it were much to be wished they could transmit their Integrity to their Successors; but that a present good Management is no constitutional Security; which is what they seek by their Petition; and that their Charge is levelled, not at the Persons of the Vestrymen, but at the Constitution of the Vestries; so that they had no Occasion, or Intention, to cast personal Reflections either on the Living or the Dead.

The Agents then produced, to the same Head, the Churchwardens Books of the Year 1723; out of which they extracted the Expences, annexed in the Appendix (m); which, for the greater Part, as they believed, and as far as they were able to judge, were unnecessary and improper Applications of the Parish Money.

The Petitioners then laid before the Committee the Account of Sacrament Wine for the Year 1723, which amounted to £. 77. 14. 7; but they observed. That they had no Vouchers for the Account of this or any other Year, but that of 1730: To which Particular, Mr. Sed-don, the Vestry Clerk, being examined, said. That he never heard that the Churchwardens were obliged to leave their Vouchers with the Vestry; because theij* Vouchers

(m) Appendix, N# 8.

are

15 Geo. II, 18s Mail.

are necessaryibr their Defence, in Cafes of Appeal of the Inhabitants:

And the Petitioners conceiving this a larger Sum than was necdftry for that Purpose, Mr. Slephenfony the Sexton, and Mr. Hunty an antient Inhabitant, and formerly Churchwarden of this Parish, were called in to inform the Committee as to the Number of Sacrament Days, and Number of Communicants, in that Parish:

And they both nearly agreed in the following Account: That, as to the Chapels, they could not tell the Number of the Communicants; but that they had a Monthly Sacrament in these Chapels:

That, as to the Church, the Sacrament was administered Monthly; and that, at each Monthly Sacrament in the Summer, the Communicants, as nearly as they could judge, amounted to 2 or 300, and, in the Winter, to never less than or 500: That the Sacrament was like-wife administered upon the Grand Feftivals: That, at Easter and Clirijtmas, they had Two Sacraments; one yearly in the Morning, and the other at Noon: That the Morning Sacrament was attended usually by about 1000, the Noon Sacrament by about 6 or 700 Communicants and that, on Whitsunday, they had about icoo in the Day; but that the Number was diminished of late Years; and that they consumed 38 Bottles of Wine at the Sacrament on the last Easter Day; and that from Easter to Wkitfun-iidey the Sacrament is administered every Sunday.

The Agents then produced the Vouchers for the Year 1730; the only Vouchers which were laid before the Committee, as before observed; the Total of which amounted to £.86. 4s. o\d.y in which Account there were many considerable Articles for Sack and White Wine.

Whereupon a Member of this House, and One of the Vestry of this Parish, informed the Committee, That the Clergy, when they preached, had sometimes White Wine in the Vestry Room:

But he produced an Order of the Vestry, of the 2d of .‘May 1635, fn) directing. That no Wine shall be used in Church or Chapel, unless at the Desire of the Preacher.

Upon which, the Agents for the Petitioners repeated again, what they had before acknowledged, That this and many other good Regulations had been made finee the Year 1735; but said, that it was not the Temporary Management of this Parish against which they complained, lo much as against the Constitution of the Vestries, which, after the Example of former Years, might be abused, if Men of less Worth should have the Management of it; and that the casual Security of the Parish, from the good Government of the present Vestry, was no real or sufficient Security to the Parish, while the Powers of the Vestry continued such as they appeared to be.

They then produced the Legacy Book, wherein it appeared, That, in the Year 1706, one Browne had left a Legacy to the Parish of St. fames of £.42, to be put out to Interest, for the Use of the Poor; and that the said Sum was accordingly put out to one Billingsley at an Interest of £.5. per Centum per Annum.

And it further appeared by the Churchwarden’s Accounts of several Years, That this Sum was regularly carried forward in the Account of the Churchwarden; and that the Interest was likewise accounted for till the Year 1725:

But it appeared in the Churchwarden Milner's Account, in the Year 1725, that though the said Sum ofjf.42. was charged as received by him from Hunt, the Churchwarden of the preceding Year; yet he the said Milner, who died during the time that he was Churchwarden, had not, in his Account, discharged himself thereof.

The Churchwarden’s Accounts of the Year 1726, being then inspected by the Committee, there was, in this

Account, no Entry either of the Interest or Principal of this Sum: c 1

But, in the Account of the Year after that last mentioned, viz. in 1727, your Committee found an Entry, on one Side of the Account, of this Sum said to be paid to Thomas Combes, and there specified to be the Legacy of the said Browne; which Sum is, from that Time, regularly brought to Account for many Years after Whereupon the Petitioners observed, lit. That this wa9 an Irregularity of an extraordinary Kind j since this Sum was, in one Year, only accounted for on one Side of the Account, and, in another Year, not accounted for at all j and that the Interest, as far as they* could find by the Books, was wholly loft to the Parish: But they observed 1 further, That though the Sum of £.42. here spoken of* was, in the third Year* entered and paid over to the next Churchwarden; yet the Money never appears, as they can find, to be received by the former Churchwarden* who has no Article in his Account of it.

Your Committee having spent much time to satisfy themselves about this Account, and not being able to succeed in it, thought it proper to rest it here, without reporting positively with relation to it.

The Agents for the Petitioners then produced again the Churchwarden’s Accounts of the Year 1727; in which* the Balance due to the Parish appears to be £.230.

And the Churchwarden’s Account of the next Year* (1728), being called for by the Committee, the former Balance was found to be carried over, and to Hand, upon an Erafement, only £.200; so that the Balance carried over was less by £.30. than it ought to have been: But the Committee do not determine, that this Money was funk to the Parish, rather taking ir to be an Irregularity in this Account. Mr. Seddony the Vestry Clerk, having informed the Committee, that he believed the Balance was carried short into this Account, because there was an Article which composed the Balance of the former Account, which ought not to have been carried into the Accounts of the Churchwarden, but into those of some other Officers of the Parish.

The Churchwarden’s Book of 1730, being then inspected, the Balance due to the Parish for that Year wafs a Sum of £.21. 9*. 8,

And the Account of the succeeding Year being then laid before the Committee, it appeared, that the Balance was carried over both to the Debts and Credits of thae Account; so that it was, in Effed, no Receipt at all.

Again, in the Account of the Year 1731, the Balance of that Year being £.27. 3. ^\d.

Upon Inspection of the Churchwarden’s Account for the Year 1732, the Balance of the Year 1730, and the Balance of the Year last mentioned, were both brought to the Debts and Credits of that Account, in the like Marnier as before; so that there was, in Effect, no Receipt of Balances for these Two Years.

Your Committee pursued this Account Two Years fur^ ther; and, in that of the Year 1733, these Balances were carried forward in the same Method; but, in the Year 1734, it appeared, that these Sums were entirely dropped, and no Entry made of them in any Shape whatever.

The Petitioners then proceeded to shew. That although the Produce of one Rate ought to be carried to no other Account than that of the same Rate; yet that this was, as far as they could find, the usual Practice in this Parish* and that they believed it to be in 1110ft, if not in every Instance, contrary to Law.

And they produced the Churchwarden’s Books for tht Year 1721, 1722, 1723, 1724, 1732, and 1733*

In which it appeared as follows:

(a) Append. N°9.

VOL. 24.

3 P thit

Sdeft Parish Vestries.

2$8

18° Mail.

A. 1742,

I- s. d.

34 4 5

356 8 3

495 11 11

231 10 3

359 ’7 ui

172 5 9

That the Balance of the Overseers Account, in 1720, was paid to the Churchwarden in 1721, amounting to - -

The like in 1722, amounting to In 1723, to -In 1724, to

In 1732, to - -

In 1734, to -The Committee likewise observed a Sum of £204. ii. 10. entered in the Account of the Year 1731, as Money borrowed from the Balance of the Overseers, in the Year 1730, to discharge several of the Parish Debts, left unpaid by Captain Edward Rybould, as senior Churchwarden, for the Year 1730 - 204 11 lo

As also another Sum of £.100. borrowed of the Overseers, in the Year 1733, towards discharging the Parish Debts 100 — -

of James the Second, by which they were erected into separate Parish, out of the Parish of St. Martin.

Which Act being read, it appeared, that, by this Law, the Vestry of St, James's is to consist of 34 Persons, inverted with the same Powers as the Vestry of St. Martin.

The Agents then observed, That this Act sufficieotly proved their Constitution, and that they were exposed to the same Inconveniencies and Dangers with the Parishes of St. Martin and St. Anne, and thus concluded what they had to offer with regard to the Parish of St. James.

Appendix, N* 1.

St. James West min ster, April 16, 1723.

At a Vestry, being Tuesday in Easter Week, at Ten. Prelent,

Doctor Samuel Clarke Rector,

Which Sums, together, no leis than

amounted to

- - - L955

to 5

And was all Money belonging to the Poor, which had been diverted from their Use to other Purposes of the Parish, but it was admitted, that these Sums were accounted for by the Churchwardens.

The Agents for the Petitioners then took Notice, That there are certain Sums annually raised by Penalties, for not burying in Woollen, as the Law directs, and like-vile other Profits arising from Tomb-Stones, which now frequently appear in the Parish Books, fairly accounted for; but that the Entriesof these Articles were so rare in the Books of some former Years, that it could not be supposed that they had been regularly brought to Account in those Years: And the Vestry Clerks being examined to this Particular, said, That they could not speak positively as to those Periods, because they were not then la Office, but they acknowledged, that the Accounts were irregular in this respect till the Year 1734; fmee which Time this Irregularity has been amended.

They then proceeded to prove the Allegation, That the Vestry excuse Persons from Offices for pecuniary Considerations: And the Vestry Clerks, being called in, acknowledged this to be sometimes done, but that it was not done by Compulsion, but at the Request of the Party.

The Agents for the Petitioners came, in the next Place, to that Part of the Charge which relates to the general Management of the Affairs of the Parish, by the Vestry, pxclusive of the rest of the Inhabitants.

And Mr. Ruftat, One of the Vestry Clerks, being exr anr.ned-, owned, that thefeleft Vestry do, in general, mar nage all Affairs of the Parish, with Exclusion. of t|>e Inhabitants at large.

The Agents then said, That they should give the Committee very little Trouble upon this Head, but that, in order to (hew( how far this Management extended, they thought it necessary to produce a Minute of Vestry, dated July the 4th 1727; which is as follows:

Ordered, That the Thanks of this Board be given to the Right Honourable the Lord Charles Cavendish, and -the Honourable William Clayton Esquire, for their early offering themselves to serve in the ensuing Parliament, a< Reprdy ntatives for the City and Liberty of Westminster: And,.

Resolved, That this Board will'unanimously promote the Election of the said Gentlemen, to the utmost of their Power.

In consequence of this Order, it appeared by the Churchwardens Accounts of the same Year, that the Sum of Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence was spent with some Gentlemen of the Vestry, in promoting the Election of the aforesaid Gentlemen.

The Petitioners then said. That they should here rest their Evidence for this Parish, only that it would be necessary for them to produce the Act of Parliament of the ift

18

Lord Wm. Pozvletty Lord Palmerjlown,

Thomas Woodcock Esquire, Daniel Pnlteney Esquire, John Plnmptre, Esquire, Mr. John Par/ons,

Mr. Jof Parsons,

Mr. Sam. Hancock,

Mr. John Knowles,

Mr. Henry Collins,

Mr. Rickard Dee,

Mr. Richard Sandys,

Mr. John Green,

Captain Miles Harber.

} Churchwardens.

The Board being fat, proceeded to the Business of the Day, and confirmed the Two Churchwardens scored for the last Day; viz.

Mr. Charles Hunt senior,

Mr. Nicholas Read]\imor,

Also confirmed the Four Sidesmen, then elected; viz*

M} The t senior.

Mr. Edw. Roybold, 7 t-i:

Mr. John Green junior, J 1C 2 junior-Then the Lift of Persons summoned here this Day, to take upon them the Office of Overseers, for the Year 1723, was read, and the said Persons called in; viz. (Here the Lift is inserted.)

Oiit of which a Number of proper Persons were chosen, and their Marties entered in a Warrant, and signed by the Justices; viz.

Mr. timothy Richards, See.

Mr. Henry Lupton,

Mr. John Young,

Mr. Charles Nichols,

Mr. Samuel Watts,

Mr. John Parker,

Mr. Phhieas Sale,

Mr. John Batch.,

Ordered, That the Poor’s Rate be at 7d. per Pound, 'the ill Half Year.

Appendix, N° 2.

St'. James's Westminster, March 30th, 1725.

At a Vestry, this Morning at Ten, being tuesday in Easter.

Present,

Doctor Samuel Clarke Rector,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Tho. Woodcock Esquire, John Ellis Esquire, Major G. Foubert,

Mr. Joseph Parsons, Mr. Sam. Hancock,

Mr. John Knowles,

Mr. Hen. Collins,

Mr. Rich. Dee,

Capt. Miles Harpur,

Mr. Rich. Sandys,

Mr. Rich. Read, 7Church- Mr. Rich. Miller, $ wardens.

Ordered, That the several Rates; viz. to the Poor Scavenger, Preacher-Assistant, and the Highways, be the same as they were last Year.

Appendix,

4

*74*.

wrtin.

'‘I'fU,

1 suffi«eDily e exposed tj ‘he P'in!li;S what they

Ten.

the

for

IS Geo. II.

18* M

*39

Appendix, N* j.

St. James Westminster.

At a Vestry, this Morning at Ten, Feb. 19th, iyn, Present,

Doctor Samuel Clarke, Rector,

T/fo. Woodcock Esquire, Mr. Parsons,

£///V Esquire, Mr. Samuel Hancock, Mr. JM# Knowles, Mr. Ti?//# Par/otis,

Mr. Baylor,

Mr. &?//,

Mr. Hen. Collins,

Capt. Miles Hnr pur, *)church- Mr. B^r/u, Wimberley, 3warden,‘

The Board being fat, and the Rector in the Chair, Mr. Churchwarden Harpur moved, concerning the Buii-ness of the Day, which was relating to Mr. Thomas Ed-monds the Raker.

Ordered, That the Churchwardens, and such of the Gentlemen of the Vestry as think fit to treat and agree with Thomas Edmonds, concerning the Purchase of his House, Stables, and Layftall, in Tyburn-Lane, forthwith; and also for his Stock of Carts, Horses, and other Materials, relating to a Raker; and that the Gentlemen of the Vestry do agree to give Security for the Money, after the Churchwarden has made the Purchase of the said Tko~ mas Edmonds.

Appendix, N* 4.

St. James’s Westminster, May 19th, 1722.

At a Vestry, this Morning at Ten, upon special Business, Present,

Doctor Samuel Clarke, Rector,

Tho. Woodcock Esquire, Mr. JoJ. Parjotis,

John Ellis Esquire, Mr. John Knowles,

Crew Offley Esquire, Mr. Rich. Dee,

Mr. John Parsons, Mr. Barw WimberleyJ(Church-

Mr. Charles Hunt, jwardens*

Resolved, That, In order to pay for the Ground, Houses, Stables, &c. purchased of Thomas Edmonds, in Tyburn Lane, there be borrowed a Sum of Money, not exceeding £. 500. upon the Security of this Board.

Appendix, N° 5.

St. James’s Westminster, 26th December 1723. At a Vestry, this Morning at Eleven. Present,

Doctor Samuel Clarke Rector,

Lord Win- Powlett, Thomas Woodcock Esquire, John Ellis Esquire,

John Plumptre Esquire, Major Foubert,

Mr. Samuel Hancock,

Mr. John Knowles,

Mr. Hen. Collins,

Mr. Rich. Dee,

Mr. Rick. Sandys,

Mr. John Green,

Capt. Miles Harpur,

Mr. Tho. Hunt, }Church- Mr. Nick. Read, $ wardens.

Reported the Balance of the late Overseer's Accounts, as followeth; viz

to the Defaulters of the several and respective Rates this Year, and for his Attendance in hearing them at this Board.

Appendix, N° 6.

St. James's Westminster, September 6, 1723 . At a Vestry, this Morning at Ten. Present,

The Reverend JDodor Pordage, in the Rector’s stead, Tho. Woodcock Esquire, Mi. Sam. Hancock,

Dan. Pulteney Esquire, John Ellis Esquire, Major Foubert,

Mr. Richard Dee,

Mr. John Green,

Mr. Charles i//w/,}Church- Mr. Nich. Read, j wardens*

Appendix, N#7«

At a Vestry, 25 April, 1716, at Ten in the Morning.

Present,

Doctor Samuel Clarke Rector,

John Fuller Esquire, Mr. Jer. Ridge,

Mr. John Parsons, Mr. JoJ. Parfpns,

Mr. Sam. Hancock, Mr. John Knowles,

And Two Churchwardens.

The Gentlemen being fat, they proceeded to appoint the Distribution of a Legacy left to the Poor of his Parish, by a Person not yet named, and the Minutes of the 25th of June 1715, relating the reunto, being read, and the said Money being received, and now produced; viz. £. 133. 12. 6. clear, after Mr. Grigfon’s Charges and Expences allowed, the Gentlemen came to this Resolu* tion, That the said£. 133. 12. 6. now paid into the Hands of Mr. D. the present Churchwarden, should be disposed of by the 19 Gentlemen hereunder mentioned, the same being £. 7. each Gentleman: viz.

Doctor Samuel Clarke,

Lord Wm. Powlett,

Richard Daiton Esquire, Archibald Hutchinson Esquire, John Wilson Esquire,

John Ellis Esquire,

John Talley Esquire,

Tho. Woodcock Esquire, Capt. John Outing,

Mr. John Riley, Mr. John Pay Jons, Mr. JoJ. Payjbns, Mr. Sam. Hancock, Mr. John Salt,

Mr. John Knowles, Mr. John Grigsott, Mr. Richard Dee, Mr. John Rolfe*

To Sum Total of the Charge By Sum Total of Discharge

4.93®

4,440

s.

18

6

d.

8

9

Mr. Jer. Ridge,.

It was also agreed, That the same be disposed of to Five Persons, at £. 1. 8. each Person, and the 12 s. 6 d, to Mr. Batchelor, to dispose of.

Appendix, N* 9.

St. James’s Westminster, 2 May, 1735.

At a Vestry, this Day.

Present,

The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of BriJioly Rector, H is Grace the Duke of Kent, Mr. John Parr an.

The Right Honourable Earl of Wilmington, P.

11.

Remains Balance £. 495. ir.

To Sum Total of the Overseer’s Balance

To Sum Total of both -

408 — 495 11

11

903 11 11

Sir Tho. Webjler Baronet* Richard Dalton Esquire, Hen. Foubert Esquire,

Mr. Hen. Collins,

Mr. Bart. Wimberley,

Mr. John Kerr,

Mr. Wm.Wa\tey\Chx\xch- Mr. Ben. ForJler, S wardens.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Dee, Mr. Henry Colliyis, and Mr. Charles Hunt, the present senior Churchwardens, put out so much of the above Balances as can be spared, either upon the Goal Duty, or upon some other secure Fund, for the Benefit of the Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Wimberley pay the above Balance of £. 408. to Mr. Richard Dee.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchwarden Hunt, do pay to Mr. William Benny Vestry-Keeper £. 5. for his extraordinary Trouble, in carrying out several hundred Summonses Vol. 24.

the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Palmerston,

The H onou ra ble William Clayton Esquire,

Tho. Walker Esquire,

John Plumptre Esquire,

John Ellis Esquire,

Ordered, That no Churchwarden, for the future, shall make any Treat, or Entertainment, at the Charge of the Parish.

Ordered, That no Churchwarden be allowed any Expences in the Parish Business, excepting such, as this Board, after a particular Account of the same laid before them, shall judge to beabfolutely necessary, and unavoidable.

Ordered, That no Churchwarden lay out any Parish Money otherwise than for the usual Services of the Year,

or

Select Parish Vestrkfc

*40 . 18° Mail J. 1741.

Ptri& ot Matters, till lie hath consulted this Board, and Vestric*. received their Directions.

Ordered, That no Money, expended on Account of either of the Chapels, be brought into the Churchwarden’s Account.

Ordered, That no Wine be used in the Vestry, either of the Church, or Berwick-Street Chapel, unless when the Preacher shall desire it for his own Refreshment.

Ordered, That a Copy of these Orders and Resolutions be delivered, by the Vestry Clerk, to every Churchwarden, as soon as he is confirmed in the Office; and that they be read over aloud in every Vestry, or Committee of Vestry, who shall examine any Churchwardens Accounts, immediately before such Examination.

Appendix, N° 10.

A Rate made, and assessed, the 12th Day of April, being Tuesday in Easier Week, in the Year of our Lord 1726, on the several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. James within the Liberty of Westminster, by the Churchwardens of the Parish, together with Three or Four, or more, substantial Householders thereof, towards raising the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for Payment of the Preacher-Assistant for One whole Year, commencing at Lady-day last; which Assistant is, by virtue of an Act of Parliament for erecting the Parish, Notice having been given in the Church the toth Day of April, being Eafituday, according to the Direction of the said Act.

Householders,

Richard Dee, W. Hargreave, 7 Church-

Richard Sandys, Tho. Combes,) wardens.

Miles Harper,

N. B. This Rate is imperfect, the Latter-end being torn off.

Appendix, N* 11.

Tuesday, the 27th Day of November, 1722, at Eleven of the Clock in the Morning.

St. James's Westminster.

By Virtue and according to an Order of Vestry, bearing Date the 3d Day of October, thereby appointing us, whose Names are hereunto written, amongst others, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the Overseers of the Poor of this Parish, for the Year 1721, we having met the said 27th of November, in the Vestry Room, for that Purpose, upon a ftrid View and Examination of the particular Receipts and Disbursements, do find the same; viz. (Here the Account inserted.)

We his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do allow of the above Account:

or Sum of Forty Pounds, of like lawful Money, yearly and every Year, for and during so long of the said Term of One-and-twenty Years, as he the said Bartholomew Wimberley shall happen to live, and unto the Quarter-Day next after his Death, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, upon the Days following; that is to say, the 23th Day of December, the 2jth Day of March, the 24th Day of June, and the 29th Day of September.

And also, that the said Bartholomew IVimberley shall and will, from and after the Expiration of the said Term, or other sooner Determination of the said Copartnership, for and during so long of the said Term of One-and-twenty Years, as he shall happen to live, as aforesaid, well and truly pay, satisfy, and discharge, all such Taxes, Charges, and Assessments, as shall be taxed and imposed, for and in respect of the said House and Premisses in Ryder-Street, where the said joint Trade is agreed to be carried on, and, at his own Expences, repair and support^ the said House and Premisses, in, by, and with, all manner of needful and necessary Reparations whatsoever, when, where, and as often as Occasion shall require.

Appendix, N° 13.

" And be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, together with Four, Three, or more, substantial Householders thereof, shall, upon the Tuesday in Easier Week next after the End of this Session of Parliament, or at any time within Ten Days after the said Tuesday, and so yearly for ever, proportionably tax, rate, and assess, the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, for the Payment of the Preacher-Assistant, to be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, which said Assessment shall be confirmed and allowed in such manner as other the Assessments hereby appointed to be made as aforesaid, and be collected, and paid yearly, to the Churchwardens for the Time being, by such Person or Persons as the said Churchwardens shall appoint, at the Four usual Feasts or Times of the Year before-mentioned; the First Payment to begin and be made at the Feast of St. John the Baptist, next after the taxing and assessing thereof; and the said Churchwardens, or either of them, shall pay the said yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all Charges and Deductions for collecting the same to the said Preacher-Assistant for the Time being, to be nominated as aforesaid, upon the said Four usual Feasts or Terms in the Year, by even and equal Portions, the First Payment to begin at the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist, last mentioned."

Joseph Parsons, Hancock,

John Parsons, Wm. Powlett.

Hen. Collins, John Ellis.

Appendix, N* 12.

And the said William Barrett, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, doth covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said Bartholomew Wimberley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by these Presents, in manner following; that is to say. That, from and after the Expiration, or other sooner Determination, of the said Copartner ship, he, the said Wil~ liam Barrett, his Executors, and Administrators, for and in consideration of the Premisses, shall and will, well and truly, pay, or cause to be paid, for the said Dwelling House (favc and except the Parlour, at the East End or Side of the said House, the Vault before the fame, under the Street, the Room and Garrets over the said Parlour, and the Stable behind, which, with Liberty to use the lame, as they now are, to be used and enjoyed by the said Bartholomew Wimberley, and his Family,) the yearly Rent

Appendix, N* 14.

Extract out of the Churchwarden’s Accounts, for the Year 1723.

Without Vouchers. £. s. A

April 19. Dinner to the Overseers - -156

17. D* to the old Scavengers - - i

26. Going after Mr. Watkins's Affair - —

29. With Overseers on Parish Business —

30. St. Clement's Vestry Fees - - x

May 30. To Expences on Parish Business-----

June 4. To Expences with the Trustees of

Berwick-Street Chapel, after a Vestry there -

7

6

10

6

19 —

D° looking after the Scavengers -D° on Watkins's Affair 24. Expences at a Tavern 27. Expences at Westminster

D* at Hammersmith, getting Evidence in Watkins's Affair Expences -

July 4* D* at rating the Poor’s Books in the New Buildings -

9 4 6 6 4

10

11

— 10 6

9th

A.

Mi

1742.

tK0nrey’^?

,th'^TtnJ

0)ufl*<C

‘^arterly Pit.

Tih<i

?wHllal

Wnerftip, [ Une-and. *? aforesaidi fuc.h

dinipo{ed(

eed tpbc a Support all nua« latsoever, iire.

That

being, ioufe-Week or at odfo the

ent

ed,

nd

by

id

11

15 Geo. II.

J8 ° Aia

6

6

6

5 — 7 6 12 6

to 6

8 6

12 6

4 6

5 6

7 6

ii —

3 —

it 6

20.

*9-

lS

;':2

8

2

7

6

6

6

6

6

9th, Expences in the New Buildings, with £. s. </# Scavengers - 4 5

D° with Attorney, on Watkins's Affair D® this Month -7. D° in buying a Pall . - -

17. D° in receiving Rents in Tyburn-Lane, and Drink-Money there D® with the Overseers D° at a Confirmation -

26. D® with some Gentlemen, giving Di-red ions for the Repairs in Tyburn-Lane i;<[ ' - -

D° this Month - - "

Sept. D° viewing the Parish Plug -: -

051. 11. D° at Westminster . -

D# with an Attorney

30. Expences with Mr. Lynn, in settling

' Copy’s Trial - - . - -

,*v D* this Month, on Parish Affairs Nov. 2* Expences in receiving.Rent in Ty-burn-Lane - - - !

D® this Month, oh Parish Affairs . -Dec. 2d. D° on attending Hicks's-Hall, on finding a Bill; - -

D® to Witnesses at the Trial ;>

D° on viewing the Work in Tyburn-Lane - -

D® in receiving Mr. Saunders's Half Year’s Rent there - -

Expences this Month on Parish Affairs - -

Jan. 11. Meeting the Churchwardens of the Liberty, and going to Counsel for his Opinion on decayed Bridges - 1 18 6

D° at making a Bond for collecting the Preacher-Assistant’s and

Highway Book - $ —

D° rating the Books ——

31. To Expences this Month, more - —

Feb.29. To D# at Westminster ——

To D* this Month - - —

Mar.2d. To D° at putting out some Money —

6. To Expences in buying Army Debentures - - - I

9. D® To inspeding the Assistants and Highway Books ——

13. D® meeting other Churchwardens - —

11. D° with the Overseers, rating some Buildings ——

23. D° with the High Constable - —

To sundry D° this Month -

To D° receiving Rent in Tyburn-Lane ——

April D® with the Overseers ——

D® receiving Rents in Tyburn*Lane —

D° another time ——

D° receiving interest at the Exchequer ——

D® D° Saunders Rent ——

D° receiving Rent Tyburn-Lane-----

D° receiving the Preacher-Assistant and Highway Books Money - —

D° receiving Rent in Ty burn-Lane —

D° receiving the King’s Bounty - —

D° - - - . "

D® with the Scavengers, to bring them to Account, and receive their Balance ----- 1

To the Sexton, for an Account of Burial Money, and to Mr. Thomas for extraordinary Business - -

1723. With Vouchers.

dp. 10th. Expended at Milner's, after... the

Overseers Rate - - - 1

11. D® at Mr. Solaris, after an Audit 1 30. At Champion's, after attending a

Visitation - - - - I 19 6

V04.24.

May 3d.

-June

7-

*3-

28.

n.

'17.

i9.

21.

"July.

Aug.

Sept.

on.

5-

11.

25*

1.

11.

26.

2. 26.

- 4-

11.

; 16.. 20.

26. 3tft.

Nov.

9 —

3 6 ii 4 7 6

5 6

2 —

6 6

13 9

3 6

ii 6

2 —

2 8

1 6

1 6

3 6

2 9

4 —

2 6 2 — 4 6 2 6

— 9

13 —

8 —

12 8

11.

18.

26.

29.

Jan.

Feb.

11.

6

11.

21.

29.

II.

19*

23-

26.

At D® upon Watkins's Affair D® at D® after rating of this Scavenger’s Book - - — r 'j; -

D® at Milner's, after an Audk; -D® at Baldwin's, with the Ovierfcera At MUntr'simthz King’s Birth-Day: -

At Baldwb/s, aftdr an Audit -D® after a Veftiy, oh an Inquiry for. a Pall stolen -

At Champion's, after Watkitis's Trial -’V- *''* *-

At D® after hearing some D«i-faulters to the Scavenger^ Accounts - - - t:'iizff--i'

At. Milner\ iaftir D® ’ f rI-' At Champion's, after an^Audit-' -At Solar o'sTfor a V'ffi ration Dinner At D® on the King’s Accession-Day , - -

Spent at Baldwin's, after a Audit At Mr. Champion's* after a Survey -At Mr. Baldwin's, after an Audit1 At Mr. Championnt ;after TV Rate i Year to the Poor - v -r At Mr. ^o/^ro’s/atter an> Audit -AtMr. Milner'afteran Audit At Mr. Champion's spent - '

Spent at Champion's, on ther Coronation Day' '?>

At Solaro's, spent On Parish Bufin (s . At Milner's, on treating the Gentlemen of St. Bartholomew's-Hof-pital - -

At Champion's spent -At Salaro's, for Audit Dinner of the last Year's Overseers -At Baldwin's, after an Aiwiit At Champion's, after an Audit At Milner's, on* paying DodOr Ibott -

At D® after electing Surveyors -At D® on the King's landing from Holland -

At Milner's on receiving Wimberley's Balance - -

At Champion's, with some Gentled men on Parish Business -At Milner's, after an Audit Spent at Baldwin's -At Milner's, after an Audit At D® - -

At Milner's, after attending about a Bill in Parliament At Champion's spent - -

At Milner's^ spent -

At D®....

At Champion's -

241

L 1. d.

1 1

X

3

1

- 1

16 6 Select Parish

Vestries.

12-6 13 W *5

1 a

to 6

Lr.ri

1 8-fc

1 3r‘l

\%r

r.

t

-V

r'V

T

3

r

1

1

2; T It

3

x%

1

14 —

T

ifri-

dyiOS

116 —

tr8iI/6 19* 4-

16 9

>4-

17 6

10 4

*S

3

7

1

1

- 1

19 —

1 ID 12 £ 16 —

11 6

16 6

S

10

r9

10 —

5 6 7 6 18 —

5 —

11 3

-Iiz

-12 —

Appendix, N® i£.

St. James's Westminster, July 4th, 1727. At a Vestry, this Morning at Ten. Present,

The Reverend Dador Samuel Clarke Rector.

Lord Wm. Pow/ett, , Tho. Scawen Esquire, Wm. Clayton Esquire, Tho. Woodcock Esqt:ire, Major Henry Foubert, Captain Abraham Dupuis, Mr. Sam. Hancock,

Capt. Miles Harper,

Mr. Rich. Dee,

Mr. John Green,

Tho. Walker Esquire,

John Plumpire Esquire,

John Ellis Esquire,

Hen. Cartwright E squire. Arch4 Hutchinson Esquire, Mr. Rich. Sandys,

Mr. Bartholomew Wimberfey*

UuhnCpanZ {Churchwarden.

3 Q

You*

5U2

18* Mali.

A. 1742.

Srfea Parish >% Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Vestriw. ^CopduCfc of the Vestry of St. Margetreh.

IWr. Stubby thp ;Agent for, the "Petitioners in this Pafiftk being called in, acquainted the Committee, That, afterrfo much Time already (pent in this Examination, and consideringtth^t thp Petition was joint Petition of all the Five Parishes, he did -not think it necessary to enter so minutely into the Matter of the Complaint as the mother Agents had idooer but; that he should rest what he had to offer, upon the Con&ffipqi of the Vestry Clerk, and upon a few Fads taken from the Vestry Books of the said Patifhv .) . - t w i/.

... Whereupon, John Atkinson, the-Vestry Clerk, being called in, I examined, is. ho the Rates of the Parish,

acknowledge*}, that the Vestry affected and levied the 'JRate of the Watch.

- He likewise acknowledged, ithat the Veftty audit all

Accounts of the Pariftik )

- That the Vestry appoint Churchwardens'(as he apprehends) by Preftription, and thal: they choose all the Servant of the Parish, without the Concurrence of the fahabitants.

The Agent for the Petitioners then produced the JMiftutea of Vestry, to prove the Appropriation, and (as the Petitioners, apprehended) illegal Application of the . -Parish Money: . , /

- And an Entry of the a6th.of Qfiober 1724, Fol. it.

read; which is as follows:

1 The Grand -Inquest for the County of Middlesex, having the latt Softer Term presented the then Churchwardens, Over Geers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of this Parish, for neglecting to nominate and return Scavengers for the federal Wards and D’ivisions within this Parish,.for the prefect Year;-

- Ordered, That-the present Churchwardens do defend those Officers, and every of thfenri, against the faict Prosecution; but ia. as amicable a manner as the Nature of the; same will admit; jand the? Charge thereof shall be Allowed in their Account.?

And in Folio ±z. another Order, That Mr. Pember be allowed £..3*, for the Moiety of the Law.1 Charges before- mentioned -

6 Together with an Erftry of the Sum paid, in the Year 1727, in confluence of that Order, in the Accounts -of the Churchwarden.

The Agent-Iibetfife produced another Order of the -utfc.of June 1729, in the fame Minutes of Vestry, Folio 144 (b), allowing the Overseers to pay the Charges of making the Rate of the lift 1 Year, and directing, that 4he/)verseers, for £be future* shall bring into their Account all Charges of making the said Rate.

The Petitioners then offered, from the same: Book, -another Order of Vestry, of June the 6th 172 j (c), which is as;* follows: i - \

- of Ordered, That the Churchwardens do lett the Ground belonging to this Panifti against the Installation of the Knights of the Noble Order of the Bath, for the best Advantage they can.

Ordered^ That- the Churchwardens do cause proper Seats, iAc. to be made in and upon the Vestry Room, against tTfelaidThftallation, for the Accommodation of the Gentlemen of the Vestry; and that they deliver to each Vestry roan, who shall fend for them. Three Tickets, for himself and Friends."

And the Carpenter’s Bill being laid before the Committee, it appeared to contain the ^Sum of £. 12. 16. 1. for erecting the Seats afore-mentioned *, which was after-% wards paid, and entered in the Churchwarden’s Account of the Year *726.

Your Committee, upon a further Inspection of the

of Claret, and provide Musick, and all such other Things, against their Majesties Coronation-Day, as have been accustomed, and were usually done at former Coronations; and the Charge thereof shall be allowed in their Account.

The Vestry this Day agreed with John Baccus and ' George Garnet, of this Parish, Carpenters, for the Confederation of £. 111. to lett them, for the fiud Coronation, so much of the Parish Ground, extending from the Coffee-house to the further Part of the Bone-house, containing One hundred and Thirty-six Foot and Seven Inches, excepting out of the feme, a Passage of Seven Foot next the Coffee-house, to be entirely open; and also ft Passage of Six Foot wide and Eight high, for the Convenience of Burials."

The Churchwarriehs Book of the Year 1727, being then produced, it appeared, that the Money TeceiVed for letting this Ground, upon this Occasion, amounted to £. 120; and the Money disbursed upon this Occafibn appealed, in the same Account, to amount to £. 84. 6. 7.

Whereupon the Agent observed, that* at the very Time of these profuse Expences, the Parish of St. Mar-gore/ was indebted £. 2*750.

And he further proceeded -to shew, That these unwarrantable Applications of the Parish Money were not dingly made at an-Installation and a Coronation, but that the Vestry likewise applied the Parish Money in the same manner, at the Funeral of her late Majesty.

And he then produced the Minute Book of the Vestry, containing the following Entry Upon the rath of December 1737; (e) viz.

Ordered, That the Churchwardens do cause convenient Seats, £f?r. to be made in the Vestry Room, and also within-side of the Church, at the South Side, arid North-weft Windows, against the"Funeral of her late Majesty, for the Accommodation of the Gentlemen of the Vestry; and that they deliver to each Vestryman Three Tickets, for himself and Friends."

And the Carpenter’s Bill being laid before the Committee, his Charge, in consequence of this Order, amounted to £. 14. 14s.

The Churchwardens-Accounts of the Year 1725, 1728, 1730, and 1736, being then produced, the Commitee observed-the following Entries.

For a Perambulation For D° in 1728 -

For D° in 1732 ~ - For D° in 1737

z5

36

42

30

s. 11 II

3

9

d.

1

4i

4

z

All which Sums were entered in the Account, as paid by Order of the Vestry.

The Petitioners then proceeded to prove, that the Vestry manage the Affairs of the Parish in general. And the Agents for the Petitioners produced the several Orders and Minutes of Vestry following; viz.

" Monday the 8th of October 1733. (f)

" The Right honourable Sir Charles Wager, and the Right Honourable William Clayton Esquire, were introduced into the Vestry, and offered their Service as Candidates at the ensuing Election of Members to represent this. City and Liberty in Parliament, which the Vestry did unanimously accept, and approved of, and promised to use their Interest to promote the Election of those Gentlemen.

<£ Wednesday^ the 27 th of March 1734. (g)

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Vestry do forthwith issue out Summonses to the Gentlemen of the Vestry, to request them to meet at the Sun-Tavern, in King-Street West min ster, at Two of the Clock Tomorrow, being Thursday, to dine together, and to appear, and support

----- IT J S O -7----- iwj/pui U

Vestry Minutes, found likewise the following Entries, the Interest of Sir Charles Wager and Mr. Clayton, who dated August the 28th 1727 (d)% with regard to the have offered their Services at a former Vestry, to repre-

Coronation. font this City and Liberty in the ensuing Parliament, a

n Ordered, That the Churchwardens do buyaHogfhead general Meeting having been advertised.

r») Append. N* t. (b) Append. N* $. fej Append. N° 5. (4) Append. N* (/J Append. N°

(d) Append. N° 4*

fi) Append. " Wedtiejday,

H2.

CQ ac-

ionjj too t and tot >on, the Join ln i

15 Geo. II. 18° Man, c 243

44 Wednesday* the 16th of April* 174© (h).

" The Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager, and the Right Honourable William Lord Sundon, were introduced into the Vestry, and offered their Service as Candidates at the ensuing £ led ion of Members to represent this City and Liberty in Parliament; which this Vestry didunani-mously accept, and approve of, and promised to use their Interest to promote the Eledionof those Gentlemen.

M Friday, the ift of May, 1741 (i).

" Resolved unanimousty, That this Vestry will support the Interest of the Right Honourable the Lord Sundon* and the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager, who have offered themselves as Candidates to represent this City and Liberty in the ensuing Parliament; in which Resolution they di fire the Concurrence of all the other Inhabitants of this Parish; and that they would meet them at Nine of the Clock Tomorrow Morning, in Si. Margaret's Churchyard, in order to attend the said Candidates to the Place of Election.

Ordered, That 2,000 of the above Resolutions be Forthwith printed, and distributed among the Inhabitants of this Parish."

And the Agents being asked. Whether any Charge had been brought to the Parish Account, in consequence of the last-recited Order ? they said, They had examined the Books, but could find none.

A Summons, printed in pursuance, and in the Words, of the said Order, being produced to your Committee, and Mr. Atkinson, the Vestry Clerk, being examined, at whole Expence the same was printed ? he said, That the Lord Sundon and Sir Charles Wager paid for it.

To prove, that the Vestry secrete their Accounts, the following Orders of Vestry were read.

44 Thursday, the 27th of February, 1728 (k).

Ordered, That no Books of Accounts, or Books of Minutes, or any other Books or Papers relating to Charities, or otherwise belonging to the Parish, be delivered or shewn to any Person, not being a* Member of this Vestry, without a particular Order of Vestry.

!Thursday, the 4th of September, 173$(!)

Ordered, That, for the future, no Copy or Copies of any of the Orders of this Vestry be delivered to, or suffered to be taken by, any Person or Persons whatever, unless to the Churchwardens for the Time being, nor even to the Churchwardens, unless such Orders do concern their Office, without a special Order of this Vestry; and that none of the Vestry Books of Orders be produced and shewn to any Persons, but such as are Members of this Vestry."

In the last Place, the Agents proceeded to shew the Constitution of this Parish:

And John Atkinson, the Vestry Clerk, acknowledged, that the Number of the Vestry is not limited; but that the Vestry fill up Vacancies, and add to their Body, as they fee fit, by Election; in which the Inhabitants at large have no Voices: That the Custom is, for the Churchwarden to nominate at one Meeting, and for the Vestry to confirm such Nomination at the next.

And here the Petitioners rested their Evidence with regard to the Parish of St. Margaret.

Appendix, N* 1.

Monday, the 26th of October, 1724. Present,

Sir ^ho. Cross Baronet, in the Chair.

Wm. Ireland Esquire, Mr. Tho. Wisdom,

Mr. John Fq/ier,

Mr. James Hunter, Capt. Geo. Mortimer, Francis Sorrell Esquire, Mr. Wm. French,

Nat. Blacker by EsquiVe, Mr. Hen. Priest,

Mr. Robert Cross*

Mr. Rich. Nurse,

Rich. Farwell Esquire, Mr. Matthias Sayer, Mr. John Finked,

Mr. 2S [Churchwardens.

Mr. John Fofter, Mr. Avery Fokins, Mr. Cha. Grunfell, Mr. Tho. Bird, Mr. Hen. Priest,

Appendix, N* 2.

Wednesday, the 18th of June, 1729. Present,

Tho. Rdi/ton Elqufre, in the Chair.

Parife

Vcllri

Mr. Robert Kidtoel I Mr. John Barnes*

Mr. Rich. Nitrje* 1 Mr. Hen. Skelton,

Mr. Sam. Tufnell,

Mr. James Stedman, 7^,

Mr. Jb/m Afkinfbn^Churchwardens.

Ordered, That the Overseers do discharge and pay what was expended at afieffing the Poor's Rate for the present Year; which is likewise to be discharged in ttl^e Manner for the Time to corned

Appendix,

Saturday, the 6th of June, 1725. Present,

Nehemiah Arnold Esquire, in the Chair. Nat. Blackerby Esquire, Mr. Robert Kidwell,

Capt. Geo. Mortimer,

Mr. Avery Fokins,

Rich. Farwell Esquire,

Mr. Tho. Wisdom,

Mr. William Skelton>

Alex. Choke El quire, Mr. James Hunter, Mr. Matthias Sayer,

Mr. Charles King,

Churchwardens.

Appendix, N° 4.

Monday, the 28th of August, 1727. Present,

Francis Sorrel Esquire, in the Chair.

Mr. Tho. Wisdom, Capt. Geo. Mortimer*

Mr. Hen. Priest, Mr. John Alford,

Mr. Wm. Skelton, Mr. James Hunter,

Mr'.ntldf\Churchwardens.

Appendix, N* 5.:

Monday, the 12th Day of December, 1737* Present,

The Reverend Doctor Scawen Kenrick in the Chair. Gideon Harvey Esquire, William Ireland Esquire,

John Lawton Esquire, Mr. Avery Fokins, Mr. John Alford,

Mr. John Atkinson, Nix. iVm. Graham, Mr. John Williams*

Mr. John Beck,

Mr. John Woodford,

Mark Frecker Esquire, Mr. Robert Kidwell, Mr. Wm. Skelton, Capt. Sam. Tufnell* Mr. Rees Thomas*

Mr. John Smith,

-j

Churchwardens.

Appendix, N* 6.

Monday, the 8th of October, 1733, Present,

Gideon Harvey Esquire, in the Chair. Nathanael Blacker^y Esquire, Wm. hetandJLtquixe* Mark Frecker Esquire,

Alex, Choke Esquire,

Mr. Robert Kidwell,

Mr. John Atkinson,

Mr. Wm. Graham,

Mr. Matthias Sayer*

John Dives Esqiyre* Mr. Rich. Nurse, Mr. Wm. Skelton, Capt. Sam. Tufnell* Mr. John Williams, Mr. James Stedman*

(V Append. N° 8. fij Append. N° 10. (1J, Append. N» 11.

Vol. 24.

0) Append.

Appendix,

244

18° — Mail.

A. 1742.

Select Farids Vestries.

Appendix, N* 7.

Wednesday, the 27 th of March, 1734* Present,

Nathanael Blackerby Esquire, in the Chair, John Grainger Esquire, Wm. Ireland Esquire,

Rich. Farwell Esquire, Mark Frecker Esquire, Capt. Sam.

Mr. Matthias Sayer,

John Lawton Esquire, Sam. Edwards Esquire, Mr. Tho. Bird Mr. Wm. Graham,

Rich. Lilley Esquire, Frances Sorrell Esquire, Thomas Lediard Esquire, Mr. Matthias Sayer,

Mr. Avery Ft Mr. James Stedman,

Mr. Wm. Skelton,

Mr.

Mr. Wm. Graham,

Mr. John

Mr. John Lock,

Mr. Rees Thomas, Mr. Alex. Hafelar, Mr. John Smith,

Mr. John Woodford, Scott, Churchwarden.

Appendix, N* 8.

Wednesday, the 16th of April, 1740. Present,

Doctor Scawen Kendrick in the Chair, .

John Dive Esquire, Gideon Harvey Esquire, Mr. Avery Fokins,

Mr. John Williams, John Lawton Esquire, Mr. John Atkinson,

Mr. Sam. Tufnell,

Mr. Rees Thomas,

Mr. John Mr. Wm. Graham, Tho. Brereton Esquire, Mr. Mathias Sayer, Mr. John Smith,

Mr. Wm. Skelton,

J£*E3M

Appendix, N* 9.

Friday the ift of May, 1741. Present,

Nathanael Blackerby Esquire, in the Chair, Rich. Farwell, Esquire, Sir Phil. Meadows, Wm. Lowndes Esquire, Geo. Howard Esquire,

Appendix, N° 10.

Thursday, the 27th of February, 1728. Present,

Mr. Henry Priest in the Chair,

"Mr. John Fofter, Mr. Cha.

Mr. Wm. Skelton, Mr. John Alford,

Wm. Ireland Esquire, Mr. Avery okins,

Mr. Rich.Nurse,

Mr. Thomas Bird, 7 Churchwardens. Mr. James Stedman, J

Appendix, N* n.

Thursday, the 4th of September, 1735. Present,

John Lawton Esquire, in the Chair, Wm. Ireland, Esquire, Mr. John Williams, Mr. Wm. Skelton,

Capt. Wm. Tufnell,

Mr. Alex. Hafelar,

Mark Frecker Esquire,

Mr. John Lock, Mr. John Alford, Mr. John Atkinson, Mr. Wm* Graham,

Leave of

Absence.

Member*

summoned.

Importation of SpanifU Wines.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and the Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fydell, and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanish Wines, was read.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow , at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ___

*214.

Com*

Indemnifying Persons making Discovery against the Earl of Orford.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of public Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduit of Robert Earl of Orford, was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for (he Y.

TeUers for, he Noes, junior.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a mittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Limerick accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which they had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And* then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Teltofor theYcss.j^S-Tellers for the Noes,^r

]228-]ai7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this H »ule do now ref olve it elf into a Committee of the wjiolc House, upon the said Bill»

Mercurii, 190 die Mali;

Anno 15° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

MR. Philips presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual punching Persons who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy or Real, any Fi (h kept in Ponds or Stews; and also Persons who shall, wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer

are

Robb

Fish

15 GEO.lI. 190 Matt.

245

are usually kept: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Escape of An ingrossed Bill more effectually to prevent Persons . VnfoEers. from assisting Prisoners to escape, or to attempt to escape, from their Confinement, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; u;z.

L. 36. After <c thence/* to insert ct and And the same was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the'fable accordingly; . .

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that-the Title be. An At\ more effectually to prevent Peiibns!fromi assisting Prisoners to escape, or to attempt to efchpe, from their Confinement.:

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Biftto' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . y;‘:'

Walcot's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,-intituled; AiV ACV. Estate. for veiling Part of the Marriage Portion of Mary, late Wife of John Walcot Esquire, and alfo1 Part of his settled Estate, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for feeuring an Equivalent foi^lfefdrrie, for the Benefit of his Heir Male, was ftfad the Thirid time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.; ' ' ’ \t!

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston dd carry the Bril to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House lidth agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

< Expiring A Rill to revive the A<5ls therein mentioned, for ex-- Laws. plaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual, for punishing such Persons as shall* wilfully; ana '* . maliciously pull down or ckstroy Turnpikes for fepdir

ing Highways or Locks, or other Works erectecf by Authority of Parliament, for making Kivxfs hdyigifbfe, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and* also to enri-i linue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry’ Rice from his Majesty^ Province of Carolina, in America; diT redly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterrt, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain,' artef navigated according to Law, and to extend that Li berry to his Majrfiy’s Province of Georgia, J\n America; for. preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantation^ an enumerated Costimo- dity; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fe/; Archery Mr. Philipps, Mr. Bramston, Mr. CareWy Mr. Douglas, Mr. Pley dell, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hunger ford. Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Vytiery Mr. Wright, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Montague, Lord Guernsey, Lord Perceval\ Lord Strange, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Sir John Rufhouty Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clutterbucky Mr. West, Mr. Ord, Mr. Bance, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wigley, Mr. War burton, Sir Tho, Cave, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Hill, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Lifter, Sit James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Sir Edzv. Turner, Mr.' Wilkinson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Bankes; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Certain Offi- Mr. Pulteney, according to Order, reported from the cersexcluded Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bid to ex-being Mem- dude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and'he read the Repprt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read:

And the First Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being a Direction to fill up the Blan^ii*Folio Vot, 24.

L. with the Words, " the Difsolution, or other De* " termination, of this present Parliament," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out all the^ Words contained therein, except the Word 4< the," and inferring instead thereof, the Words " 25th Day of June 1742 '

And the Question being put, That the Words<c Diffo-€t lution, or other Determination, of this present Par* <£ liament," stand Part of the Amendment;

~ 4The HVmft divided.: ':

The Yeas went forth. -

Tellers for the Y^JJr.

67.

Tellers for

So it was resolved*in the Affirmative.

arl of Offord.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the faicf Bill, being Teveralfy read a Secondtime, were, upon the Quejftion;severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made. by^the House to the Riff. . 1 .(;s . j > \ v,.\ ;* ]

Ordered, That the Bill, jyffh the Amendments, tf>p ... i

ingrossed. :> .,.r, - *♦ rR ‘ j 4

An, ingrossed Bill for indemnify ing such;Pedons< Indemm-(hall, upon Examination, make Dilcoyeries touching^ f}'ln8 Disposition of publick Money, or con^rning /thf-Piij-position of Offices, or. any Payments or Agreenaents ,in against the respect thereof, or epneerning otl^er Matters relating tp Ea the Conduct of,.Robert Earl of Offoffta was read fthe Third time. _ , t, i; *, ’

A Motipq was made, and the Question, being That the feilldq pals; j jty:; 1*

', The t^pufe divided., . UJl ., (l ...; , ,r

.. . 4l (;i , 7.,

Tellers for the Yeas, j BrTm^o

Tellers for the at J 186.;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.;,; / , . 7

And that the Title bc, An Act for indemnifying such Persons, as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries tbyching the Disposition of publick Money, for concprn^ ing the Dilpofirion of Offices, or any Payments or, Agreements-in 1 elpect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Condubt of Robert FaA of Orford. .

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Com mi (Sorters of the Custbrris do Account of lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on Du ties paid on Cambricks, from Christmus 1727, to Chhft- C^mbncks. mas 1740, inclufivfc; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambricks exported, during the said Tuhe< v

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish have Leave to go Abroad, Leave of upon Account of the indisposition of his Brother there., Abfeucc.

J ii4-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a. Importation Committee of the who)e House, upon the Bill to ipipower,

Mefficurs Nut hall,. Fydell, and , Mitchell, and certain Wine#* other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanifti Wines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whichcote took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whichcote reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments'! hereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

" The'other Orders of* the Day being read t

Resolved, That this House will, upon TuefJay Mom- Exportation % R ing of Wool.

19° — id0 Mali.

A. 1742.

Ways and Means.

Bentley's Bequelt for Charitable life*.

ing next, resolve itself into* a Committee; of the whole l^use, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Towrv of Gullomfton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee,

I Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider'further of Ways and ;Meaps for raising^the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

c Mpming, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20* die Maii \

Anno 1Gsorgii II. Regis, *74$.

‘ Tr A Y E JIS. ‘ -;

SIR Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Londs, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees of the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth-part of Fitdhrt's Field, in the County of Middlesex, to the surviving Assignees under the Chmthiflion of Bankruptcy awarded agBAnUtfVII/iam Hammond, late of^Change-Alley, London^ Goldfinch arid Banker, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned-hkd given their Consent tb the BiH, to the Satisfaction of the Committee \ and that fife’ Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Arid he delivered the Bill in

qttheSClerk’s Table. ;-

> . a;. \ '

Importal'oii ef Spanish Whies.

Gold Lace, &c. Manufacture.

Cloth from

Tenter

Grounds.

*Mt. Whtchcot, according tp Ordef/reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ipn-power Messieurs Nut hall, 'Ey deU, 2nd Mitchell, and certain t>ther Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a 'Certain Quantity of Spartfh Wines, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi--deration Tomorrow Morning.

The rd Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent-the Frauds cam* mitted by the counterfeiting of Gold and, Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Thomas Sharpe, of London, Jjkceman, to them referred; and had heard the Petitioner by himself; and had also heard several of the Petitioners for the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dheftedhimto reportto the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

f A Bill for the more effecttaal preventing any Cloth os Woollen Goods, remaining upon the Rack of Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from, being stolen or taken away in the Night-time, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hayward%

Sir Robert Long, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Drury,

M r. Philipps, Lord Perceval, M r. Hopton, M r. Winford,

Mr. Bramfion, Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Fran. Dashwood, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Uddel,

Mr. Gore, Sir J. Hinde Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Glvucester, Wilts, York, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Soap-makers redding in and Frauds m near the Town of Totntfs, in: the County of Devon, SoaPDuty whole Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all oth<?r fair Makers of Soap within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and reatf; complaining of great Frauds committed in the Revenues of the Duties . on Soap by Soap-makers, especially such as live in Villages, Country Placejs distaot firauvthe llefidence of an Officer; and proposing, for feifeniriigyif not altogether preventing, this Evil, that an Impression be made with a Stamp up<jm oydry Piece of Soap weighed, and charged with the Duty: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave; i>e given to bring in a Bill foe Poor’sRelkf, remedying some I)efefts in sch£ Act made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And that Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Gareyv, Mr. Bramjhn, Mr. Winford, the Lord Chet* wynd, the Lord Perceval, and Mr. Legk Master, dopre* pare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Hinde Cotton, according to Order, reported PubKcAc-iFrom the Committee of the whole H^use, to whon* the counts of Bill for taking* examining, and Rating* the publick Accounts of the Kingdom* was committed,-/the Artlendi tnents, whicfy the Committee had madetp ,thfc Bill; and which they bad directed him, to report to the Hopfe; and he reaci the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one 5 and were, upon thts Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ditto.

Resolved, That the Number of the Commissioners for taking, examining, and Rating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be Severn

Resolved, That no Person shall be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty. 4

Resolved, That the Commissioners may be Members of this House.

Resolved, That the Commissioners be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of the Names of Seven Persons to be the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Glasses be placed upon the Table, and the said Lifts, held up between the Finger and Thumb, be put into the Glasses &t the Table by the Members called over for that Purpose, according to the Coun* ties and Places they serve for, as the said Counties and Places are entered in the Return Book.

Ordered, That Mr. Arfcot have Leave to go into the Country, upon Account of the ladisposition of his Lady.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, inquiry into acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Com- Har! of Or-miitee to move the House, That an humble Address be tord l ^oar presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, all the Powers* Instructioas, Memorials, Letters, and Pa-pers* relaiiagtotlie Convention bttween Great Britain dtf\

Sfuin,

Leave of AbCenct.

by

4. ijp.

Mr. Hayward, Thmas Dnrji Mr. If inf ordt , Mr. Wilkin.

Mr. Uddil, lumbers who s, York, and oon, at Five

ling in and h of Devon, ki ifeJves, and Kingdom, dming ot jc Duties c in ViJ-'.(fence of together

de with :harged

Fable.

15 Geo. II.

200 — 11® Man.

247

ill for Pocrtt

An

Hips,

Ik?

ire*

Leave of Absence.

Dkta.

Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14th, 1739, N. S.; as also alJ Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the said Convention, since the Signing thereof till the Declaration of the War against Spain:

And the Lord Limerick moved the House accordingly: And the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graqiously pJeased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, all the Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14th, 1739, N. S.; as also all Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the said Convention, since the ilgning thereof till the Declaration of the War against ASpain; ,

The House divided.

The Ypas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That Colonel Pelham have Leave to go into the Country for a Month* upon extraordina/y Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lechmere have Leave to ge into the Country for a Month* upon extraordinary Occasions.

Refolded, That the Sill be committed to Mr. Philipps, Mr. Carew, Mr. Winford, Sir TJm. Drury, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Whichcote, Sir James Grant> Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Powell, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Rich. Williams, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bramston, Lord Strange, Mr. Gray, Mr. Powney, Mr. Butler, Mr. Saville, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Hopton, Lord Perceval, Sir Tho. Cave, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Oswald, Mr. James Grenville, Lord Barrington, Sir John Ramsden. Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bury, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Dupplitp, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the* Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That k be an Ihftrtaction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive1 a< Clause, or Clauses, to puriiflv such-Persons as shall break down, or destroy, Wears, erected* for turning of Water to Mills, or for catching of Fifii.

Gol3 L*ce* Ac. Manttfaftum.

«i PM

he coaru duty and Vava-j (to1 ‘ ‘

bomb, &c.

Laws respect- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ing Rogue* n*foJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend arn Act, made in the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign*, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds* and other idle and disorderly Persona ;* and (of reducing the same into one Act of Parliament 3 and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and ..regulating Houses of Correction;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Viz

The other Order of the Day being read;

Cclosy of The House resolved itself into: a Committee of the Georgia. whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That the Counsel for the Petitioner had been further heard; and had examined some other Witnesses; and that be was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the Counterfeiting of Gold and Stiver Late, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Siver Tbretod; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly \

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second titke, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed *0 by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for weighing Ingots or Bars of Silver, designed to be made use g{ for gilt Wire, in the Presence of an Excise Officer:

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks, whidh were filled up;

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bid:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed* ' J

The Lord Per civ al, from the Committee, to whom Se|eft Pariflt

the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James% St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes, was referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report renting to the said Parish of St. George Hanover-Square j which they had directed him to make to the House.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. William Rankes have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Vestries.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Veneris, 210 Matt;

Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Robbing 0# \ BILL for the more effectual punifiling Persons

fish fmdt, jl\. who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy,

&c' or (teal, any Klh kept in Ponds or Stews; and also Per-

1dns who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, orde-stroy, the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are usually kept;, was read a Second time.

Vox.. 24.

The Lord Limerickr, from the Committee of Secresy, Inquiry into acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Com* orford’* mittee to apply to the House, that they may have Leave conduct, to examine, in the most solemn Manner, General a Member of this House.

Whereupon, General Wade, in his Place, declared.

That he was ready to attend the Committee, and to be examined in the most solemn Manner.

An ingrossed Bill to exclude certain Officers from Certain of-being Members of the House of Commons, was read the Third time. Memixri.

Resolved,

548 1 742*

' ResolveeiStudi the Bill do pjtfs: :And that the Title be. An Act to exclude certain Officers ('tom being Members of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill tq the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bentley's An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bequest for confirming a Conveyance from tke.furyiving Trustees of Charitable the Charity established by the Wijl of John Bentley \Lf<^umy

e5‘ deceased, of the.undivided Sixth-part of Fitahet's Field*

in the County of Middlesex* to the surviving. Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change-Alley, London* Gold;-smith and Banker, deceased, was, read the Third time. Refolded* y\\2X, the Bill do pass. r 1:

Ordered, That Sir Robert hong do carry the Bill to ,the Lords, and acquaint them,. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any. Amendment.

Select Farlth The;JHouse,{ according to Ortler,;proceeded ^to take Vestries. into further Consideration the Report from the/^ommitr jteej to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of -the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields* Stl'Anne* Sts James* St; George} Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret :within the Liberty of Westminster* in behalf of them.-selves, and the rest of the inhabitants of the said respect-tive Parishes, Was referred, relating to the said Barishes of St\ Martjn in the Fields and St.A^ne.

And the Counsel for the Vicar, Churchwarden, and

Lance, die Maii;

Anno 15° Georgii II^ Regis, 1742.'

Prayers.

H E House being informed, That Mr. Bodies, WooL Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn that hath, for Seven Years last past; been put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be car*

Vied Coilftwife from one Port to another, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and re landed again; ciif-tinguithing each Year, and the several Ports from which such Wool was put on board, and where re-landed.

AiSd then he withdrew. 1

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound ifp.wkji the, other Papers i>f this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to con-fid er further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon* whose Names are thereunto iub-‘feribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Vestrymen, of the said Parifl, of :&< Maxtinin the Fields, , That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Purging

and also the Counsel aga^ft the said Peptton, were raised ,f0 whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentibfleScJ,

10: .: aiJ -u* .'If: . i i- i for explaining, amending, and rendering the Acts more Turuoiket

And that Part of the said Report, wffichTrelates so the . eff«ftual, for punishingftidi Persons as fti^lNilf^iyf'and -& 1 said Parish of St. Martin, w,a? read: ..>.--.7 a. /. maliciously pull down or destroy TurnpikesforVe'pMring

And the Petition of the Vicar. Chyrchwardens, and . Highways, or Locks, or other Worlcs.erected by Adtffo- 'Z\ Vestrymen, of the said Parjlh of St. Martin* was also Tjty of Parliament, for making Rivers n^igabte,;arid-f6r rea.d other Purposes therein mentioned; and also foVtbntiniie

And the Counsel for them were heard: , several Laws for granting Liberty to carry ltice frOra His

And the Fourth Section of an Act, n>adem;the Ninth Majesty’s Province of in directlyio

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regu- any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape lating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Ships built in, and belonging to; Great and na-

Parish,'was read: — .1 vigated according to Law, and to extend dhat Liberty to

And the Counsel for the said Vicar, Churchwardens, his MajestyS Province of in America-, forpM-

and Vestrymen; examined-several Witnesses. venting Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the cljlh-

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to destine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, withdraw. of the Plantations, an enumerated Commodity;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said ^committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause,

Report be adjourned tjll.this Day Two Months. or Clauses, for more effectually preventing the Cutting

... of Starr on the Sea Coasts.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Lrnen Ma- j. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- The Lord Mayor of Lonjon reported from the Com- Pre»en.in. nufafhirw. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mittee, to whom Hie Bill for preventing the Mischiefs Mischiefe <7 House, to consider further of the Petition of the sub- which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of ^5eping , feribing Merchants of the City of London, and others. Gunpowder in or near Cities and Towns, was committed, <jUni)

' Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great T^hat the' Committee* had examined the Alleoations of Britain and Ireland* in behalf of themselves, and^ the , the Bill, and founds fafiie to be true; and that the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms; and also Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several of the several other Petitions referred to the Conftgera- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to tion of the said Committee. -report to the House; and he read ;the Report in his

Way* Re/ohedyThsitthis House will, upon WedneJdayMorn- - Pla^; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

and Meant* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Amendments, m at thederk sTable:. Where the Amend-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising DJients wrere once read throughout; and then a Second the Supply granted to his Majesty. ’ time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput

‘ ' i thereupon, were, with an Amendment^to One of them,

Importatism Ordered* That the Report from the Committee of the . agreed to by the House.

AVin« whole House, to whom the Bill to impower Messieurs . Ordered* That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Nuthall* Fydell* and Mitchell* and certain other Mer- ingrossed.

chants, to import, frorji neutral Ports, a certain Quantity

of Spanish Wines, was committed, be taken into Confi- Ordered, That! Mr. Wilson have jJLcaye to go into the Lenveof

deration upon Tuesday Morning next. Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, Inquiry into Mornine next, Nine of the Clock., . acquainted the House, That he was dirqfted by the? Bari cif,

.Committee to apply to the that they might beat ^"ord*. '

Liberty to examine, in the most solemn Manner, the U>nduc Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight, a Member ' " of thisfloufe: > ,; t \[

Where?

1 ‘742.

i5 Geo,.II.

240 Mali.

M9

U:

v-'Uitonis inr*.

rted to t)* Gold Lace,

of all un. &c.

-ven Years Manufacture-

to be car.

that Part

?ain;oif. 1

n) which

ed.

‘ Papers

Com-;

0 con*

ncipal

'on, in

1 lab-

erred

tee, M

i«j Ffli

at*

ndv

0- ,

x

le;

is

Rolt»s

Estate.

Whereupon; Sir Charles Waglfr*\n his Platfe, declarfed, That he was very willing to attend the Committee, and: to be examined by them, in the mostfolemri Manner, except as to Matters, the disclosing whereof might: be in-; confident with the Oath he had taken as One of his. Majesty’s Privy Council, ?;

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Frauds committed by the Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Laice, andlforfet-tling and adjusting the Proportions of.fine Silver arid Silk'; and for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread; was read the Third time. i

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 2. L. 8. To leaver out " Sixteen/' and to insert

€C m Fifteen" instead thereof.

‘ And the same was,.upon the: Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the T'able accordingly.

Resolved* That' the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settlin'g and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread, v.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concutrence,

A Message from the Ldrds, by Nlx.Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the lame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Nor they* an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts* for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he shall marry, n d their Ilfue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act to enable William Northey, an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts* for the Benefit of himself, and any Wbman he shall marry, and their Issue, notwithstanciing his Infancy; and for other. Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the lame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time. Resolved* That the Bill be read a Second time.

Certain Of- Ordered* That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do ficers ex- carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to exclude certain eluded being Officers from being Members of the House of Commons, Members. an(j <jefire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bank for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and \greement. Company of the Bank of England* for advancing the Sum of One million Six hundred thousand Pounds to-Voi» 24.

Northey’s

Estate.

Rolfs

Estate.

wards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituletj, An Act to render more effectual an Act* made in the 9th and 10th Yedils of the Reign of his late. Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and* Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex* for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen 4nne* intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Petersfield* to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and another Act, made^ in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term in and by the said Act granted; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Laund, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wotton Underzvood, in the County of Bucks; and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for securing to John byrom* Master of Arts, the foie Ri^ht of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-hand, invented by him, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colchester Hospitals and Poor.

Sheet-Bridge

Roads.

Wotton

Underwood

inclosure.

.Byrom’s Invention of bhort-hand Writing.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Debts, Recovery <,f was read a Second time. Small Debt?.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ ^a^en> T Mr. Fere:

So it passed in the Negative.

97-

111.

Elefliott

Laws.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain ihe Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Lawsrcfpeft-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ing Rogues the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thir- *nd v*ga-teenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for h00*' *c* amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues,

Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating the Houses of Correction.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved irielfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider firther of the Petition of tie foHfrribing Merchants of the City of London, and others. Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland* in rx-halfof themselves, and the Manufaduiers of Linens in the said Kingdoms; and also of the several other 3 S Petitions

Linen

Manufacture*

150

24° — 2 5° Maii. ^.1742.

Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Hooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refofutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleife to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till% To-mortoW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 25* die Maii\

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, as read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr.2. L. 1. To leave’out " Five,"and*o insert"Turo" instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill dd pafc.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 79-

Tellers for he ] 87.

So it passed in the Negative.

Info! rent Debtors.

Anno 150 Georgii Regis, 174a.

Prayers.

Dntiei on i H E House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford,

Carabrickf. - from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Amount of the Dufies paid on Cam bricks*, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on fC{ Cambricks exported, during the said time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Anfaerto Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Addrest. Address of Thursday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Powers, Instructions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Robbing of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Fi(bponds, to whom the Bill for the more effectual pumflung Per-&c. fons, who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy, or {teal, any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews; and allb Persons, who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, the Pales or. Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are usually kept; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the unlawful Taking ot Fish out of any River, Brook, or Watercourse; and likewise to punish such Persons, as shall break, search, or remove. Wheels, Nets, or Trunks, for the Taking and Keeping of Fish in such Waters.- >.. V:

Buck* Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom Eftaic. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,/intituled, An Act for confirming certain Estates in the County of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles: Buck Baronet, deceased, to the Trustees of Fulke Grevitle Esquire, during his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, discharged from the Equity of Redemption, which the Intant Son and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for principal and interest due thereon; and for other Purposes th rein mentioned; was commitied. That the Committee had examined the Allegations oi the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had d»rested him to report the Bill to the H >use, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Perceval; according to Order; reported from Select Parish the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Vcllriei. Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. Jatnes, St. George Hanover Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and the rirft of the Inhabitants of the said respective Panlhes, avas referred, the Matter, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, relating to the said Parish of Si. George Hanover-Square; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Your Committee, in the next dpi ace, proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition, as far as they relate to the Parish of St. George Hanover-Square: And,

Mr. Mackey, Agent for the PetitionciS, premised, That, this being a joint Petition, there were certain Irregularities complained of by the Petitioners, which had not been practised by the Vestry of 67. George Hanover Square; videlicet, lft. The Assessing ot Rates illegahy. 2tlly, The impoling burthensome Offices on fame, and excufi.ig others for pecuniary Considerations. 3dly, All Existions and Oppressions of the said select Vestrynu-n, tending to create Controversies, Uneasinelles, and D.lputes, amongst the Inhabitants !of the said Parishes. And, lastly, The secreting their Accounts. Which Points he therefore desired Leave to wave. And then being required

To prove, that the Petition was signed by the principal Inhabitants, he read the Names of Seven or Eight lub'tantial Householders In the said Parish, paying Scotland Lot.

Mr. Parry, the Vestry Clerk, being examined, said.

That there were about 2,200 Housekeepers in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square; of which about 291 have signed this Petition: That the Poor’s Rate, at 12 d in the Pound, amounted to about £. 2,400; of which, the Petitioners pay about £. 200; being in the Proportion of 1 to 12: That he has examined the Poor’s Rare, and canriot firfd the Names of several of the Petitioners there; from whence he concludes, they may scot be Inhabitants.

The Agent then obferVed, That the Vestry had, in assuming the Power of electing Churchwardens, wrested, in favour of their own P wcr of Election, the Senseof the Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne, for enlarging (he Time given to the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches; hereby it is Enacted, " That the First Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, Scavenger, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Parish Officers, shall be elected by the said Commissioners; and all succeeding Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Scavengers, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Panih Officers, shall be nominated, chosen, and appointed, annually, according to the Laws n6w ifn Force;" which Laws, as the Petitioners apprehend, confer this.

PoAier ori the Inhabitants at large.

Two other Giaufes in the Cud Act were allb read, as follows > viz.

"And

GOOgl

12.

was

ide

15 Geo. II.

2$?;

Iccrq

Vtb

w And be it futthef ErtaJbed* by the Authority afor<s said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said GortimissionefSj or arty Fite or more of them, With the Confenc of the Bishop or Ordinary of tho Place; by Instrument under their Hands'and Selate, tobe inrblled in the High Court of Chancery, to name a convenient Number of sufficient Irthabirartts ih each frtch new Pa-rith, respectively, to be the Vestry rrtert Of such new Parish, who shall have and exercise the like Pbwers and Authorities, /for ordering and regulating the Affairs of such new Parish, as the Vestryniett of the present Parish, out of which such new Parish, Or the greafter Part thereof, shall be taken, now have or exercise > artd if there be no select Ve-ftry in facfc'present Parish, then as the Vestrymen of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, wi thin the Liberty of the City of Wefltninfteri in the County of Middlesex, now have or exercise; and, frorti time to time, upon the Death, Removal, or other Voidance, of any such Vestryman, the rest, or the Majority of them, may elect a fit Person, being an Inhabitant and Householder in the said Parish, to supply the fame.

" Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and Declared, That all Parochial Customs, Usages, By-lawS, and Privileges, as are now in Force or tJfe within any pfefent Parish, which shall- be1 divided by virtue, or in pursuance, of this Act, shall and may, at all times after, and notwithstanding such Division, continue and be in Force, as well in and for every new Parish; of which the Whole, or the greater Part, shall be taken out of such present Parish,' as in and for fudi Pari (has shall remain to the present Parochial Church, shall be used, enjo)red, and observed, by the Inhabitants thereof, respectively, fofaras the same shall not be repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the Laws of this Reakh, and the Intent ;of t his present Act."

Mr. Turner being then examined ?n relation to the Appointment of Churchwardens in the Parish of St. Martin, said, They are appointed by the Vestry; and that there Was, of late, a Trial at Law in the said Parish of 'St. Martin, whereby the Right of eleding Churchwardens was confirmed to the Vestry of that Parish.

And the Agent for the Petitioners being asked, Whether he had not been employed as Solicitor in a Cause of the same Nature with regard to this Parish ? he acknowledged that he had; but that he had withdrawn the Record.

Mr. Turner being further required to inform the Committee, If he knew any, or how many, instances of Persons being appointed Churchwardens, who were Vestry-inen before such Appointment?

He laid, There was no Instance of that Nature in the Parish of St. Martin fmee the Year 1716, when himself, being One of the Vestry, was appointed Churchwarden.

Mr. Parry being further examined, Whether he knew any Gt'ntlemen of the Vestry, who had served any Parish Offices before their Election into the Vestry

He said, He did not; and admitted, that the Vestry elect Churchwardens out of their own Body.

It being admitted, that the Vestry elect Churchwardens, the Agent for the Petitioners proceeded to shew, that they also appoint Ovetfeers of the Poor: And a Minute of Vestry, of the 7th of April 1726, (a) was read, as follows: u The Names of divers Persons were this Day read at this Board, as fit and able Persons qualified for serving the Office of OverfeCrof the Poor of this Parish for this present Year: It is therefore Ordered, That the said Persons be duly Summoned to appear at this Board on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, to take upon them the said Office

And also another Minute of Vestry, dated the 7th of April 1 729, (b) viz. "This Board, after maturely examining the several Returns of the Overseers of the Poor of this Parish, of fit and able Persons to serve the Office of Overseers of the Poor for this present Year; as likewise of several Persons who were proposed by this Board; have, for good and substantial Realons, thought fit to nominate the Eight Persons herein after mentioned, asPer-

fbiis irt eVetywife fitly qualified'to serve the said Office of sde& Overseer of tht Pbor of the said Parish; viz. Vefiries.

Mr. Tito. Fisher, Mr. joltnt Neal)

Mr.

Mr

;1

Joi^terX . ftrm* Brok, If

Gty/be-nor-street Ward. Conduit-istreet Ward.

Mr. Phil. Geare, 1 Dover-

Mr. Malcolm \street

Hyjlop, J Ward.

Mr.Richd, Em$rfon> Out Mr. John Montigny,$Ward.

Agreed dy this Board, That a List of the said nominated Eight Persons be laid before the Justices of thisPa-rish at their next Petty Sessions; and that it be recommended to the said Justices, in their Petty Sd5ons,'to ‘appoint and confirm the Person who Hands first on the Lift In Each WUrd; it being the Opinion of this Board, That Four Overseers will be sufficient to execute this Office, and greatly tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Parish. .1

And Mr. Parry being exanliifed to this Particular, said, That the Orders for Appointment of Overseers have been generally recommended to the Justices: That he never saw a Poors Rate'or Appointment of Overseers, which was not signed by the Justices of Peace; who frequently make Alterations in the Persons recommended by the Vestry: And being asked. If he apprehended the Justices had a Power to make such Alterations? he said, He conceived they’ll.

Mr. Parry bring examined as to the Vestry’s appointing Officers in Places of Trustand Profit in the said Parish, he said. That he Was appointed ih his Office of Vestry Clerk by the select Vestry; and he believes, the Governor and other Servants of the Workhptife were like-wife nominated in the same Manner: That there is a Committee of Vestry appointed to assist the Overseers in the Management of t he Workhouse.

The Agents for the Petitioners then proceeded to prove, That the Vestry audit and pass the Accounts of the Churchwardens and the Overseers of the Poor.

To which Purpose, a Minute of the Vestry, of the 25th of January 1726, (c) was read, as follows:

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to audit the Churchwardens and Overseers Accounts, do likewise inquire into all publick Accounts of this Parish, and prepare a State of the same to lay before this Board; and that all Gentlemen of the Vestry, who come to the said Committee, have Voices."

In consequence of which, a Report from the &id Committee, in the Overseers Book 1725, was read, as follows: "We, whole Names are hereunto subscribed. Auditors appointed by Order of Veftly, to audit the Overseers Accounts for the Year 1^5/ have examined the fame, and find them to be just and true, as wrtnefe our Hands, the 14th Day of February 1726.

Jo/. Jack Jon, Matth. Tomlin fan,

IVm. Ducketts, Benjamin Timber ell,

Richard Hall\ Tko. Phillips.

John Lance,

24th Day of February, 1726."

The aforementioned Accounts were agreed to by Order of Vestry.

But, upon further Inquiry into this Matter*, it appeared, that the said Accounts were allowed1, approved, and confirmed, feme Months after, by the Justices of the Peace, as follows:

44 We his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, do allow, approve, and confirm, the above-mentioned Account. Given under our Hands and Seals, this 18th Day of June 1728.

Geo. Carpenter, (L. S.)

Tho. Scott. (L. S"J

Mr. Parry being further examined, said, That when the Accounts of the Overseers are to be confirmed and allowed, there is a Summons sent to the Justices to attend the Petty Sessions in the Vestry Room: That the Business, for which their Attendance is required, is always, or generally, specified in such Summons; in which also the Meeting is called a Petty Sessions.

(a) Appendix, N° 1.

Vql. 24. /

(b) Appendix, N®2.

(c) Appendix, N#3.

The

2 50 Mail. 1742.

Selea Parish The Agents for the Petitioners, in the next place, pro-Vestrie*. ceeded to prove the illegal Application of Money: To which Purpose, the following Minutes of the Vestry were read; viz. The 26th Day of April 1737 (d), w several of the Constables and Beadles of this Parish having acquainted this Board,! hat Thomas Palmer, of James-street, in this Parish, whom they had apprehended for obstructing them in the executing a general Search Warrant, had brought several Actions against them for a Trespass;

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Andrews, Attorney, be employed t(o defend the Constables, fsV. against the said Actions."

20th Day of February, 1738 (e). €t Mr. Andrew's Bill of Law Charges for £.46, was in pursuance of a Minute of the last Vestry, laid before this Board, and examined; and it did appear to be a fair and reasonable Bill:

And it is hereby directed. That some, or One, of the Overseers of the Poor do pay the same forthwith."

Mr. Parry being required to give the Committee an Account of this Affair, said. That 'tis usual for the Justices to issue Search Warrants for Vagrants; in the Execution of One of which Warrants, the said Palmer obstructed, and affaulced, a Constable, who endeavoured to search his, the said Palmer's, House; notwithstanding which, the said House was search ed, and Three or Four Persons taken there; One of whom was committed to Bridewell: That the said Palmer was likewise committed to Prifpn, and, at the next Petty Sessions, bound to Sessions; but compromised the Matter with the Conr liable, whom he had assaulted, and afterwards brought an Action against the rest of the Constables and Beadles, whom he cast; it not appeari ng, that the Con liable, who entered his House, had any legal Authority for so doings having given his Search Warrant to another Constable: That, in confederation of the Inability of the Persons concerned to defray the Expence of the said Law Suit, and that the said Palmer had frequently brought a great Charge upon the Parish by Inmates, the Vestry made the above-recited Order; which they referred to the Justices of the Peace, who postponed the Order Three or Four times, as thinking it illegal; but at last the said Justices allowed it to be paid out of the Poor’s Rate, having no other Fund out of which it could so properly be paid; the Matter having an immediate Relation to the Poor.

The Agent for the Petitioners, as a further Instance of illegal Application, produced an Order of Vestry, the 12th of December 1740 (f), for the Disposition of the Legacy of General Stewart to the Parish of St. George Hanover-Square; which the Vestry consented, at the Request of the Trustees, so far as in them lay, should be appropriated, by Act: of Parliament, to the Foundling Hospital, in such \ Manner as appears by several Entries in the Appendix. And also the following Orders; viz. " July the ift (g), 1725, Doctor John Mowbray, being proposed to be Physician to the Poor, gratis, was appointed, and unani-mously agreed to."

2d February, 1725 (h)." Ordered, That the Thanks of this Board be given to Doctor John Mowbray, for his Services to the Parish, in his great Care of the Poor, and in his examining, and reducing, the Apothecary’s Bills." , 23d June, 1726 (i). " Ordered, That the Thanks of this Board be again returned to Doctor Mowbray, for the Services he hath done this Parish; and Ordered, That the Overseers and Apothecary do apply only to the said Doctor Mowbray, for the future, for his Advice, as Physician, to the Poor of this Parish."

27 th June, 1728 (k). " Ordered and Agreed, That it be recommended to the Churchwardens to gratify Doctor John Mowbray, for having laid a great Number of poor Women; and likewise for several other considerable Services he hath done for the Parish for Three Years last pad." 19th July, 1728 (I). " Agreed\ and it is hereby recommended by this Board to the Churchwardens, to make up a Sum of £.50. to Doctor John Mowbray, for delivering

(d) Append. N° 4. (e) Append. N° 5. (f) Append. N* 6.

(g) Append. N° 8. (h) Append. N° 9. (i) Append. 10.

(k) Append, N° 11. (I) Append, N" 12.

several poor Women in this Parish, and for several other Services done by the said Doctor for the said Parish for Three Years past: Which Sum appeared, by the Churchwardens Accounts, to be paid accordingly."

And Mr. Gundry being examined, how many Women Doctor Mowbray had delivered in the Year in which he wasOverfeer, when the said Sum of £.50. was ordered him by the Vestry ? laid, He believed no more than Three. And

Mr. Campbell, the Overseerof the Poor, said, That he had not one Woman in his Ward, which was the largest in the Parish 1 but he owned, that Doctor Mowbray did attend the Poor at the Workhouse.

Mr. Parry being examined as to this Particular, said. That the Doctor applied to the Vestry for some Satisfaction, for having delivered a great Number of poor Women; and produced a List of the Persons to the Vestry; in consequence of which Application, the above-recited Order was made.

They likewise produced the Churchwarden’s Accounts for 1725, when the following Entry was read:

" Paid to the Reverend Mr. Trebeck, by Order of Vestry, - -; - - £.100 a 0"

And the following Orders of V eftry were read:

8th July, 172 j(m). "the Reverend Mr Trebeckhaving laid before this Board a Copy of a Resolution of the Commissioners for Decorations, bearing Date the 8th Day of February 1724, That they will very heartily recommend to the Vestry, as soon as the same shall be established; That there be Part of the Money, which shall accrue from the Pews, appropriated for a Provision for the Rector, till such time as he shall be provided for by a Bill of Indowment."

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the above Resolution, and report their Opinion to the Vestry: That the Gentlemen of the Vestry here present, or any Five of them, be the said Committee 5 and that the said Committee meet on Wed7iefday Fortnight, at Tea of the Clock in the Forenoon, at Clear's Coffee-house." nth August, 1725 (n). <c Ordered, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds be given to Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector, and the Sum of Eighty Pounds to the Reverend Mr. Richard Barecroft, Curate, in consideration of Mr. Trebeck* s having given his Content to the Disposing of the Pews; the same being to be paid forthwith by the Churchwardens out of the Monies arising from the Sale of Pews."

Upon which, the Agent for the Petitioners observed. That the Vestry had no Right to make such Allowance to the Rector.

In regard to favouring some Persons in the Rates, an Order of Vestry, of the 14th April 1730 (0), was read, as follows: " Mr. Pordage, the Clerk in Orders, his Affair of paying the Poor Rate was heard;

Ordered, That the Parish Officers excuse him from paying the Rates; it being customary in other Parishes."

Mr. Parry being examined as to this Particular, owned, that Doctor Trebeck, the Rector, has been excused for some time, in consideration of having not taken any Burial Fees for the Poor; but has paid the Rates since the Year 1740: Nor doth it appear, that he was excused by Order of the Vestry.

The Agent for the Petitioners here closed his Evidence, with this Observation, That as this Parish is, by the Act of the Tenth of Queen Anne, under the same Regulations as that of the Parish of St. Martin, he humbly hoped, they shall be intitled to such Relief as the House shall think proper to give to the said Parish of St. Martin.

Upon the Whole, your Committee submit to the House, Whether the Petitioners have made good the Complaints or Allegations, in their Petition, against the select Vestry of this Parish; and whether the said Vestry have conducted the Affairs of the said Parish, under their Direction, to the Benefit and Advantage of the said Parish.

(m) Append. N° 13. (nj Append. N# 14, (0) Append.

N° 15. rr

Append.

GoOg

i5 Geo. II.

250 M.

253

Appendix, N* 1.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, on Thursday the 7th Day of Aprils 1726.

Prelen t.

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector,

The Right Honourable George Lord Carpenter, Churchwarden,

Appendix, N° 6.

The Right Honourable 7 cn t rr

Lord St. John, { Lewts EfSu're’

The Right Honourable 7

Lord Compton, }Thomas Scott Efclu, re>

The Right Honourable 7 / t-r

; Earl of Lichfield, $ Condm Ef(3u,re’

Sir James Clerk Baronet, John Lance Esquire,

Sir Clement Cotter el Knight, Mr. Tho. Barlow,

Sir Robert Sutton Knight, Mr. Mat. Tomlinson,

Col. George Carpenter, Mr. Benjamin Timbrell,

Col. Martin Bladeny Mr. Tho. Phillips.

Major Wm. Duckett,

Appendix, N° 2.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held on Monday, the 7th Day of April, 1729.

P relent,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector, Richard Hull Esquire, 7 ,

Bowater Vernon,} Churchwardens.

The Right Honourable 7 u ui ur* jr

_ Lord Carpenter,] Honourable Dl*V Wmdfor’

| Capt. Joshua

The Honourable Geo.

Carpenter,

General Bichard Grove, Charles Boone Esquire, Dr. John Moivbray\

Mr. Brian Wheelock, Mr. Benjamin Timbrel I.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held the 12th Dec- 1740; Present,

The Reverend. Dofror Trebeck, Rector,

Doctor Edward Hody, Churchwarden,

The Right Honourable Geo. Lord Carpenter,

Sir Tho. Hanmer Baronet, Edw. Pauncefort Esquire,

Select Parish Vestries.

Sir Fran. Head Baronet, General St. Hippolite, Col. Geo. Byng,

Col. Rich. Whit worthy

Appendix, ISi° 3.

At a Meeting of the V eftry, held on Wednesday, the 25th January, 1726.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrezv Trebeck) Rector,

The Honourable Geo. Carpenter,

rr7 Q Cl t [Churchwardens,

1 homas Srott El quire, )

Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet, Joshua Jackson Esquire,

Sir Adolphus Ought on Baronet, Mr. Mat. Tomlinson,

Co:one! Martin Bladeny Mr. Benjamin Timbrell,

Richard Hull Esquire, Mr. Tho. Phillips.

Appendix, N° 4.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, the 26th of April, 1737. Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebecky Rector,

Dennis Bend Esquire, , 1

.v c / r?r [Churchwardens.

James Sptlman Esquire, )

Ri^"eLori }» —

Right Honourable Sir Tho. L, J T7r . Hanmer, { Esqu.re,

Remind Mr. Ofiry M, J- 5 Capt Hmfl

James Steuart Esquire, John Baker Esquire.

Appendix, N° 5.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, the 20th February, 1738. Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector,

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Blundely Church warden,

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Tyrconnely Sir Tho. Clarges Baronet, Col. Geo. Byngy Col. Rich. Whitworthy Col. Sam. Needham,

Dennis Bond Esquire, Doctor Edw. Hody,

James Spilman Esquire, John Upton Esquire,

Capt. Humph. JVatfon, John Baker Esquire,

Mr. Roger Morris, Robert Vyner Esquire,

Vol. 24.

Dennis Bond Esquire, John Upton Esquire, Thomas Rea Esquire, John Willis Esquire.

Sir Thomas Hanmer acquainted the Board, That he had received a Letter from Mr. Rowey touching the Disposal of the late General Stewart's Legacy of £. 5,000, Irish Money; which Letter is as follows:

December ift, 1740.

<c Honourable Sir,

Pursuant to the Liberty you was pleased to give me,*I herein fend you an Account of what has been done with regard to the Legacy left by the late General Stewart, for the Benefit of the Parish of St. George Hanover-Square; and what the Executors of the General now propose to do, with the Approbation and Concurrence of 1 he Gentlemen of the Vestry.

In’the Year 1736, it was thought proper by the Gentlemen of the Vestry, and the Executors, to apply to the Master of the Rolls for his Direction to raile £. 5,coo, Irish Money, out of the Estate of General Stewart, to be laid out in building, and endowing, a Charity School, according to the Direction of his Will. Upon hearing the Cause, his Honour was pleased to order Mr. Edwards to compute, and report, what was the Value of £. 5,000 Irish, reduced into English Money; and, at the same time, to state a Plan to the Court for establishing the said Charity.

Pursuant to this Order, Mr. Edwards reported, the £. 5,000 Irish amounted to £.4,484. 6 s. id. English \ and dated a Plan, as diiedted.

Upon further Hearing, his Honour directed, That the £. 4,484. 6s. 1 d. be laid out in Bank Three per Cent. 'Annuities, in the Names of James Stewart, Elizabeth Rowe, and Henry Roive, as Trustees for the said Charity: That a Sum, not exceeding £. 800, should be applied in the purchasing Ground, and eredlinga School and House, and Hirni thing-the fame: That, as soon as the same was finished, Twenty Boys should be admitted, to be taught to read and write, and to be instructd in the Principles of the Christian Religion, and to be cloathed, according to the Estimate, at £.2. 1 os. each: That the Master of the School should be a Clergyman of the Church of England, who had no other Preferment: That he should have £.40 yearly Salary, and also£. 10 yearly for Coals and Candles, and £. 10 yearly more for Books, Pens, Ink, and Paper.

This, Sir, is the Substance of the Master of the Bolls Decree: In Obedience to which, the Executors of General Stewart did vest the Money, as directed; and have used all possible Endeavours to procure a Piece of Freehold Ground in the Parish, but in vain; and now finding themselves utterly incapable of pursuing the said Decree, in that respect, and being great'y desirous to dhpose of the Money, so as to be of a real Advantage to the Parish, and, in some measur, to answer the Intention of the Testator, they beg Leave to propose.

That the Lid Charity Money be, by Direction of Parliament, given towards building, and endowing, an Hospital for deserted and exposed young Children; with this Proviso, That the said Hospital be obliged to take in always Ten Children out of the Parish of St. George Ha-- nover-Square, to be cloathed, entertained, educated, and placed out Apprentices, or otherwise, according to the Establishment of their Charter; and that as Vacancies happen in the said Ten, the Number shall be filled up out of the said Parish.

This, the Executors apprehend, will be a more real Benefit to the Parish, than if the Testator’s Direction, and the Decree, bad been literally pursued; for, according to them, the only Advantage, if it may be called an Advan-3T tage,

254

25 'Ma

A. *741.

Select Parifo tags, the Parish could hive, would be to have Twenty Board of Vestry, That both the said Committees and Mr.

Vtiinej. Boys cloathed at the Expence of £. 50 per Annum, to be Rowe, One of the said Executors, met on last, taught to read and write, and then to be turned out to and agreed upon the Particulars which are contained in a beg, (leal, or starve: Whereas, by this means, Paper of Minutes, signed by Mr. Harman Secre-

The Parish will always have Ten Boys intirely taken off tary to the said Hospital for exposed and deserted young their Hands; the Boys will be provided for in a truly Children; Which Paper, Doctor laid before the charitable Way, and, in all Probability, will become useful Board; when the same was read; and is as follows: Members of the Publick; the Parish, instead of an useless £.5° per Annum, will be benefited at the Rate of

£. 70 per Annum, for Ten Boys; besides, the Expence of putting them out to Trades, ike. cannot cost less per A-

At a Meeting of the Committee for transacting the Affairs of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on Wednesday, the 24th , 1740.

Hum; ana mat, at the tame time, theourptustor the Dutid- Mr. Rowtf One of the Trustees for applying ing, and the Benefit of the Mailer, will be a laudable and r 5,000, Irish Money, making £. 4,484. 6.1. EnglUh, the generous Encouragement to an extensive Charity, so unt- charity left b Lieutenant-General William , for

verfafiy approved of as that of the Foundling Hospital. the Benefit of the parish of St

*!» ,’ls w^at ^act to °"e[ on this Subject, in be- being present to confer with this Committee on the Pro-

half of the Executors of General Stewart; which I beg fa, made to this Corporation, with the Consent of the the Favour 0 you to communicate to your_ Vestry; in said Parjfh, for the before-mentioned Charity Money, and whose Approbation and Concurrence we shall think our- jts produce, to be given to this Hospital, in consideration selves happy: And the sooner you are pleased to consult of taking from the said Parish Ten Boys, to be cloathed, the Gentlemen in it, the better; for, in order to a new entertained, educated, and placed out, according to the

Establishment of this Hospital; and, as Vacancies happen, the said Number to be constantly filled up out of the said Parish; and Sir Thomas Lord

Lord , General St. Mr. Willis, DoClor

Hody, Mr. Upton, and DoClor from the Vestry

of the said Parish, being all'o present;

Sir Thomas Hanmer propos-d, That this Corporation should giveaSecurity to the said Parish for thePerformance of the Condition required for applying the said Charity -Money to this Hospital:

And he further proposed to enlarge the Number of Children to be received into this Hospital, from the Pro-pofirion of Ten to the Number of Twelve; which Mr. Rowe also desired:

Resolved, T.iat in case the Children to be received do not exceed the Age of Three Years old, this Committee have no Objection to the enlarging the said N umber from Ten to T welve.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Earl of 56 Acres of Land, near

Southampton Row, when purchased by this Corporation, should become a Security to the said Parish for the Performance of the before-mentioned Condition required from this Hospital.

Mr. Edmund Wanfell, deceased, having left Twenty Pounds to Lord Tyrconnel and-Lord Carpenter, in Trull, for applying the same for an Augmentation of the Charity given for the Benefit of the said Parish by the late Lieutenant-General in such Manner as the said

Charity shall be applied; And Lord Tyrconnel and Lord being present, agreed to the above Proposition. A true Copy of the Minutes.

Harman Secretary.

Resolved, That this Board doth unanimously approve of the said Agreement; and doth consent, on their Parts, that the same shall be carried into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Parry, Clerk of this Vestry, do forthwith attend the said Mr. with a Copy of this

Resolution.

That it is the Opinion of Vestry, That the Right of Nomination of the Twelve poor Children of this Parish, to be admitted into the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, and for the supplying all Vacancies which shall, from time to time, happen in the said Number, be vested in the Executors of the late Lieutenant-General during their Lives, and the Survivor of them; and, after their Decease, that the said Right of Nomination be lodged in the Vestry, Rector, and Churchwardens, of this Parish, for the time being: That the Vestry Clerk do wait of Mr. Rowe with a Copy of the above Resolution.

Election, the Parliament, in all Probability, will hasten their Business, and appoint a short Day for receiving Petitions. I am, with great Respect,

Honourable Sir,

Your most obedient and most Bloonfbttry- Square. humble Servant,

Hen. Rowe."

And this Board, after considering the fame, doth agree. That a Committee be appointed to treat with the Executors of the late General Stewart, and the Trustees of the Foundling Hospital, touching the putting the said Proposal in Execution:

That the Rector, Churchwardens, and all present, be the said Committee, to meet upon Notice from Sir Thomas Hanmer.

At a Meeting of the Vestry held the 18th Day of December 1740.

Present,

The Reverend Doctor Trebeck Rector,

Doctor Edward Hody, Churchwarden,

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Tyrconnel, The Right Honourable Lord Carpenter,

The Right Honourable Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet, Sir Robert Rich Baronet,

Sir Francis Head Boronet,

John Upton Esquire, Mr. Benjamin,

Col. Tompkin War dour, John Willis Esquire, John Baker Esquire,

General St. Hippolite,

Col. Richard Whitworth, Samuel Skepbeard Esquire, Robert Vyner Esquire,

Capt. Daniel Herring.

That the Clerk do give proper Notice to the Gentlemen of the Committee, appointed to meet the Trustees for the Etc General Stewart's Legacy, and the Gentlemen of the Committee for transacting the Affairs of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, on Wednesday next, at Eleven of the Clock, at Manaton's great Room in the Strand, touching the Disposal of the said Legacy.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held the 20th Day of cember 1740.

Present,

The Reverend Doctor Trebeck, Rector,

Doctor Edward Hody, Churchwarden,

Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet,

The Right Honourable George Lord Carpenter,

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Tyrconnel, Sir James Dashwood Bart. Denis Bond Esquire,

Sir Francis Head Baronet, James Spilman Esquire,

Col. Richard Whitworth, John Upton Esquire.

Col. Martin Bladen,

Dofter Hody, from the Committee appointed to meet the Executors of the late General William , and.

the Committee for transacting the Aflairs of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, reports to this

At

15 Geo. II.

2 5° Maii.

355

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held the 17 th Day of January 1740.

Prelent,

The Reverend Doctor 2 Rector,

Doctor Edward Hody, Churchwarden,

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Tyrconnol, The Right Honourable Sir Thomas Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet,

Col. Richard Whitworth, John Upton Esquire,

Samuel Shepheard Esquire, James Spi!man Esquire,

James Vernon Esquire, Denis Bond Esquire,

John Baker Esquire, Mr. Benjamin Timor ell.

Mr. Parry, Vestry Clerk, acquainted the Board, That he had an Order, signed by the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell, Chairman of the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and

Appendix, N* 10.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held on Thursday, the 23d Day of June, 1706.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew , Rector,

Thomas Scott, Esquire, Churchwarden,

Col. Martin Col. Geo. Chu

Col. Charles Cadogan, Major Wm. Duckett, Dennis Bond Esquire, Nicholas Bland Esquire, William Burden Esquire,

Sir John Guije Baronet, Anthony Corbiere Esquire,

Wm.Thompson Esquire, John Launce Esquire,

Mr. Matt. Ba,

Mr, Matt. Tom/infoH,

Mr. Benjamin

Appendix, N* 11.

deserted young Children, served upon him to attend the At a Meeting of the Vestry, held on Thursday, the 27th laid Committee, the 9th Instantj

which he did accord ingly; and was examined by the said Committee touching the Minutes made by this Vestry, for disposing of Lieutenant-General Stewart's Legacy of 5,000 to the said Hospital: Several of the inhabitants of this Parish attended ar the Vestry RoOm, and desired, that the Vestry would be plealed to recall their Consent to the Agreement made with the Trustees of the Foundling Hospital, for disposing of the late General William Stewart's Legacy: And the Gentlemen of the Vestry having considered thereof, desired that the Churchwardens would give their Answer, to this Effect:

Gentlemen, We have considered of your Request, and are of Opinion, that the Agreement made by this Vestry with the Trustees of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, will be of great Advantage to the Parish j and therefore don't think proper to alter their Opinion.

And the Board then proceeded to confirm their Minutes, without a Division.

Day of June, 1728.

Present,

For the Rector, the Reverend Mr.

Richard Hull 7 pl l j

n t?c r Churchwardens,

Bowater Vernon Esquire, j

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount «T/. John,

The Right Honourable George Lord Carpenter,

The Right Honourable the Lord

Mr. Matt. Tomlinson, Thomas Scott Esquire,

The Honourable Geo. Car- Commodore James Stewart.

penter.

Col. Martin Bladen,

Appendix, N® 12.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held on , the 19th Day of July, 1728.

Present,

For the Rector, Mr. Clark,

Richard Hull Esquire, Churchwarden,

Appendix, N° 8.

At a Vestry held at the Right Honourable General William Stewart's House in on

day, the First Day of July, 1725. Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector,

The Right Honourable Geo. Lord}

Carpenter,

The Right

Bowater Vernon Esquire,

Ash Esquire,

Lord Carpenter, General Groves,

Thomas Scott Esquire,

Mr. Timbrell,

Mr. Launce,

Mr. Whet lock.

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Major Wm. Duckett.

Honourable Wm. Stewart,

.Sir Thomas Clarges,

Col. James Allen,

.Nicholas Bland Esquire,

Sir Clement Cot

Mr. Launce,

General /"Churchwardens.

Major Ducket

Col. Martin Bladen, Mr. Barlow,

Mr. Thomas Phillips.

Apperidix, N® 13.

At a Vestry, held at the Right Honourable the Lord Carpenter's House in Hanover-Square, on Thursday, the 8th Day of July, 1725.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector.

The Right Honourable the Lord }

Carpenter, (r.,

The Right Honourable General f urc war ens*

Appendix, N° 9.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held on Wednesday the id Day of February, 1725.

Prelent,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector,

The Right Honourable George Lord Church-

warden,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Albemarle,

The Right Honourable the Earl Compton,

Sir Thomas Charges Baronet, Wm, Burdon Esquire,

Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet, Tho. Lewis Esquire,

Wm. Stewart,

Col. Martin Bladen,

Sir Clement Cotterell,

Bowater Vernon Esquire,

Sir Thomas Clarges,

Col. David Haughton,

Anthony Corbiere Esquire, Gods. Clark Esquire, Thomas Scott Esquire, Mr. Sam. Lannard. Col. James Allen,

Major Wm. Duckett, Nicholas Bland Esquire, John Launce Esquire, Mr. Thomas Phillips, Mr. Benjamin Timbrell,

Sir John Guise Baronet, Col George Carpenter, Col. Daniel Houghton, Major Wm. Duckett, Thomas ScOtt Esquire, Richard Hull Esquire, Vo*. *4.

Dixie Wind for Esquire, Nicholas Bland Esquire, John Launce Esquire, Mr. Benjamin Timbrell, Mr. Thomas

Appendix, N* 14.

At a Vestry, held at the Vestry Room of the Parish of St. George Hanover-Square, Wednesday, the 11th Ast-gujt, 1725.

Present,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Rector,

The Honourable Geo. Lord Carpenter,

The Honourable General Wm. Stewart, jChurchwardens.

Col. James Allen,

Mr. Thomas Phillips,

Thomas Scott Esquire,

Mr.

Appendix,

Sir Thomas Clarges, Col. Martin , Gods. Clark Esquire, Richard Hull Esquire,

Select Parish Vestric*.

2$6

25° Maiu

A. 174a.

Appendix, N* 15.

At a Meeting of the Vestry, held the 14th Day of April 1730,

Prefen t,

The Reverend Mr. Andrew Trebeck, Rector,

Charles Boone,) nx , A

The Honourable Geo. Carpenter, $ UrC War enS'

The Right Honourable the Earl of Westmorland,

The Right Honourable the Lord Viscount St, John,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Grandison,

The Right Honourable the Lord Carpenter,

Sir Tho. Hatimer Baronet, Temple Stanyan Esquire,

Sir J ho. Clarges Baronet, Tho. Scott Esquire,

Sir Cecil IVray Baronet, Isaac Leheup Esquire,

The Honourable Col. Fane, Fredrick Frankland Esquire,

Bowater Vernon Esquire, James Stewart Esquire, Dennis Bond Esquire, Thomas Lewis Esquire,

Do ft or John Mowbray, Mr. Benjamin Timbrell, Mr. Matt, Tomlinjon.

Privilege, A Complaint was made to the House, that the Name of a Member of this House had been counterfeited in the Franking of a Letter, sent by the General Port.

And the said Letter was delivered in at the Table.

And the said Member being present, and the said Letter, signed Paul Keating, and the Superscription thereof, being shewed to him, he declared, that the Frank was not of his, the said Member’s, Hand-Writing.

Ordered, That the said Paul Keating do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Linen

Mr. Hooper, according to Order, reported from the Manufactures Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the Manufactures of Linens, made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ft me were read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Manufactures of Linens, made in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, are greatly improved and increased, whereby the Price of L.inens, as well of Foreign as Home Fabrick, hath been considerably reduced.

Resolved, That it ' is the Opinion of this Committee, That the further Extension of the British and Irish Manufactures of Linens, will be a great Advantage to the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of all British and Irish Linens from Great Britain, will be a Means of extending the said Manufactures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of One Penny per Yard upon all British and Irish Linens, of the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, and under, will be a proper Bounty upon the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Bounty be paid by an additional Duty to be laid upon foreign Cambricks, to be imported into Great Britain.

The First and Second Resolutions of the said Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicenie.

The rest of the Resolutions of the said Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally; put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-, (ideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it is referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Estate contracted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like, tJfes:’ To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Miles Stapylton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was drested by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Lucas’

Estate

Bwoke’i

Lunacy.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Members of Public Ac-the House to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glafies, of the counts of the Names of Seven Persons, to be the Commissioners for om‘ taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

The Order of Thursday last, directing the Method of putting the said Lifts into Glafies, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over according to that Order, those who then appeared, fevtf-rally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the Glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear, were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like manner put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said Glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Coke, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Leathes, Sir John Turner, Major Holmes, Sir Rich. Corbett, Sir James Carnegie, Mr. Secretary at War,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Vane, Col Douglas, Capt. Abercrombie, Lord John, Murray, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Dozening, Sir Wat kin VPms.

Wynne, Mr. Rich. Williams, Mr. Carew, Col. Campbell, Lord Hil/btrough. Col. Cholmondeley, Sir IFm.

Corbett, Mr. Butler, Mr. Edmond Pytts, Mr. Arfcott,

Mr. Lumley, Sir Brian Broughton, S<r IVm. Middleton,

Mr. IVm. Leveson Gower, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Fon~ nereau, Sir Cha. Mor daunt, Mr. IF eft. Sir Geo. Dozening, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Scott, Mr. John Stuart, Mr. Bance, Mr. Cha. Cholmondeley, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Philipps, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Legge, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr.

John

742.

Ways am)

,rWMr.

souse to 1« "♦ upon k Ad to ‘ alien, "g his

the

ittee.

ttee,

that

hey

li-

fe

rf Pi

a C$2'

15 Geo. II.

2 50 — 26° MwY.

7o//« Pitt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jam. Grenville, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Geo. Gren-v///e, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Alderman Marshalh, and they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Exportation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Wool, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Custompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Confederation of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Con-of Spanish sideration the Report from the Committee of the whole mes* House, to whom the Bill to impower Messieurs Nuthall, Fydelly and Mitchell, and certain other Merchants, to import, from neutral Ports, a certain Quantity of Spanijk Wines, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Laws re- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Rofuef and rc^ve into a Committee of the whole House, upon Vagabonds, Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thir-&c. teenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, 'Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for eVeding, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nin^ of the Clock.

kept, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, touching the Punishment for some of the Offences mentioned in the said Bill, being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon:

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Charles Cholmondeley reported from the Com- Remitting mittee, to whom the Petition of Ralph Barrow and Edward Barrow, of Northwich, in the County of Chester, s

was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to slate the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the several Soap-makers, residing in and Frauds in near the Town of Bridgewater, whose Names are sub- SoaP Duty# feribed, in behalf of themselves, and of all other fair Makers of Soap, within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Frauds committed in the Revenues, of the Duties on Soap, by Soap-makers, especially such as live in Villages and Country Places, distant from the Residence of an Officer, and proposing, for lessening, if not altogether preventing, this Evil, that an Impression be made with a Stamp upon every Piece of Soap weighed and charged with the Duty:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mercurii\ 26° die Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Lucas’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ertate. jl\ for veiling Part of the settled Estate cf Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Eliate contracted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stealing of Mr. Hayzvard reported from the Committee, to whom Cloth, &c. the Bill for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Grou^smer Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to ary, from being stolen or taken away in the Night-time, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he* read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments we re once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Robbing of Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom Fish Ponds, the Bill for the more effectual punching Persons, who c‘ shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy, or steal any

Fiflh kept in Ponds or Stews, and also Persons, who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are usually

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Brooke’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lunacy, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent. Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Miles Stopylton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House

will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fazakerley presented to the House, according to Qualification Order, a Bill for the further Qualification of Justices of of Justices. the Peace: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Coke reported from the Committee, who were ap- Publick Ac-pointed to examine the Lists of the Names of Seven Per- counts of the . fonstobe Commissionersfortaking, examining, and dating, Kin&dora? the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and toreport to the House, upon which Seven Persons the Majority fell. That the Committee had examined the said Lifts accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his 3 U Place

258

i6° — 27° Mail.

AI 1742,

Proceedings of Lords on Bill respecting the Earl of Orford.

Place; and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following:

The Honourable Charles Hamilton - - 241

Edward Hooper Esquire - 238

Sir William Middleton Baronet - - - 237

George Grenville Esquire - - - - 236

Sir Richard Corbett Baronet - 23 j

James West Esquire - - - - 235

John Bance Esquire - 232

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein with relation to a Bill, lately sent from this House to their Lordships, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford, and to make Report thereof to this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } l64-

Tellers for the Noes, j "r; Solicitor-General, J

Sq it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Hilsborough, Lord Barrington, Lord Strange, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. George Grenvilley Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Hinde Cottony Sir Francis Dafiiwood, Col. Cholmondeley, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Chapmariy Mr. Carew, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Quarendon, Mr. IVm. Pitt, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Danvers, Mu James Grenvilley Mr. Cornewally Lord Gage, Mr. Spencer, Major Silwyn.

Leave of

Absence.

Ways and Means.

A Person ordered to attend.

Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That Mr. Smelt have Leave to go into the Country, upon Account of the Indisposition of his. Lady.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thai this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Paul Keating do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants,- of the Town of Cul-lomptony in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved,.That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and - also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction.

Westtmnfter The Lord Perceval presented to the House, according Bridge and to Order, a Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners

Improve- fa budding Bridge cross the River Thames* the

r... m

City of WestrmnJler to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Bill; and that as to such Part of the said Bill as relates to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval have Leave to make Westminster a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. improve?*

And he moved the House accordingly: And, mentl.

A Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Mail j

Anno 1 j° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Pray ers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent Linens ex-for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Ported» &c* attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens, exported to the British Plantations, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1741, inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Account of all foreign Linens, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; discinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Laws respecting Rogues and Vagabonds. Ice.

Sir Miles Stapylton, according to Order, reported from Brooke's the Committee of the whole House, to whom the in- Lunacy, grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was committed, the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 11. After the Word " fitch," leave out the subsequent Words to the End of the Bill, and insert " Marriage shall be, and is hereby declared, null and w void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Punishing to wham the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, Persons

Ac.

7+2.

County

fwm the

%’s

had id that IajeftT) lay do

make

ifflpfifj

:ity ' of the

«r

aintnsa Orted, t

15 Geo. II. 2ja.Mau. 2 $9

(for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual, for punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws (for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Fini-fterre, in Ships built in, ana belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that- Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine JR vanning of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity,) is committed, That t^ey have Power to yeceive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for t]he better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, touching the Admission of Persons to act as Attornies or Solicitors, after Five Years Service as Clerks.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Chobnley Turner have Leave to go Absence. iqto the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

'.Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the

Summoned. Mace into Westminster-hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and furfimon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

Proceedings ' The Lord Hilljhorougk reported from the Committee of Lords appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords,

°n»l11 rr‘ as to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a Bill

Earl of Or- latety font from this House to their Lordships, intituled, ford. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Ex-

amination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct oi Robert Earl of Oiford, and to make Report thereof to this House, That the Committee had searched the said Journals accordingly, and had taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a Bill, lately font from this House to their Lordships, intituled, u An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford" and to make Report thereof to the House, have searched the said Journals accordingly, and have taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill, which are as follow; viz.

Die Jovis, 20 Mali 1742.

A Message was brought from the House of Commons, by the Lord Limerick, and others, with a Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The said Rill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be read Second time on Tuesday next; and the Lords to be summqfled; apd that the said Bill be printed.

Vol. 24.

Die Lw<t, 240 Mali,

Moved, That the Judges be ordered to attend this House To-Morrow, upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Personsas shall* upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick, Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford.

Ordered, Accordingly.

Die Mart is, 25* Mail 1742.

Hodie, 2n vice lefta eft Billa, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Oilcoverics touching the Disposition of publick. Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Eatl of Oxford.

Then it was proposed to commit the Bill:

And after long Debate thereupon.;

The Question was put, Whether the said Bill ffiaM be committed

It was resolved in th§ Negative.

DiJF. ntient.

Macclesfield,

xft. Because the rejeding of this Bill, founded, as we conceive, upon Reasonand Justice, warranted by Precedents, authorized by Nectffity, and called for by the general Voice of the Nation, may appear* mnnifeft Obstrudion to publick Justice, in the present great and important Cafe, and a most certain Defeat of jt for the future, in all Cases of the like Nature.

2dly, Because it is an uncontroverted Maxim of the Law of England, that the Publick has a Right to every Man’s Evidence, and yet, by the same Law, no Man obliged to accuse himself; and as the Accomplices of Guilt are frequently the only Witnesses of it, we cop^ ceive, that both Prudence and Justice point out this Method of Impunity to some, as absolutely necessary towards discovering the Guilt of others, and thereby dif-solving those criminal Confederacies which, formed by common Guilt, can only subsist while they are cemented by common Danger: From these undeniable Principle^ we apprehend this Bill ought to hfiye pafiecj, in order _to preserv the Rights of the Publick, and the Right* of the Individuals.

3dly, Because this Bill is justifieci by many Bills of $ much stronger Nature, in Cafes of much Icfs Consequence to the Publick; such as the Cafes of Sir Thomas Cooke, the Masters in Chancery, Sir Robert Sutton, Thompfoti, and others, in some of which, the Persons indemnified, in order to give their Evidence, were, at the same time, compelled, under severe Penalties, to give it; and as there is a Power not only of indemnifying, but of rewarding, necessarily lodged in the Crown, in order to bring Criminals to Justice, by Evidence known to, and within the Reach of, the Laws; so we apprehend that, in an Inquiry after Crimes that may affect the Being of the Whole, the People have a Right to the Exertion of that Power with which the Legislatureis undoubtedly vested, to come at such Evidence as may make that Inquiry effectual to their future Security.

4tbly, Because the Legislature has exercised this Power in many Instances relating to particular Branches of the Revenue; in order to prevent Frauds, the Persons concerned in such Frauds are not only indemnified, bqt rewarded also: And, for the private Utility of One Company, the Legislature, by the 9th of George the First, after forbidding any Person to be concerned in promoting an East India Company in the Austrian Netherlands, gives to our East India Company a Power to prosecute, by Bill in Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, any Ptrfoa* whom they suspect; obliging such Person to make Discovery, upon Oath, though such Discovery subjects him

t#

A. 1742.

260

27° — 2$" Afofr*.

Proceedings of Lords on Bill respeffing the Earl of Or-ford.

to a Forfeiture: Also, for the better Discovery of Felonies, the Legislature has thought fit, by an Act 5th Anne, to pardon any Person not only of the Felony discovered, but of all other Felonies he has ever been guilty of, upon his making a Discovery of Two Persons, who shall thereupon be convicted of any Burglary or Felony; and that Discoverer is also entitled to a Reward.

5thly, Because the rejecting of this Bill may prove a dangerous Precedent of fatal Consequence to this Constitution; since, whenever this Nation shall be visited by a wicked Minister, those who shall have served him in defrauding and oppressing the Publick, and in corrupting Individuals, will be furnished with an Excuse for refuting their Evidence, their Danger will produce his Security, and he may enjoy with Safety the Plunder of his Country: Nay, we even apprehend, that the rejecting of this Bill may be misunderstood by those who can make any Discovery, as if this House designed to discourage any Evidence whatsoever, that could affect the Person whose Conduct the Secret Committee was appointed by the House of Commons to inquire into: A Minister may be removed from his Place, and not from his Power; he may be removed from both, and not from the Favour of his Prince; nay, he may be deprived of all Three, and yet his Successor may think his Interestand future Safety, and his Prince may imagine his Authority, concerned in protecting him from either Punishment or Inquiry; in any of which Cafes all written Evidence, all Office Proofs, will be secreted, or refused; and if verbal Evidence be rendered impracticable too (which the rejecting this Bill will furnifti a Precedent for,) we conceive we might as well hatve passed an Act of Indemnity to all future Ministers.

6thly, Because wecan by no Means agree to the Argument principally urged against this Bill, That there were no Proofs of Guilt against this Person sufficient to justify the passing it: Whereas, in our humble Opinions, the Voice of the Nation, the Sense of the other House, and the lamentable Situation of this Kingdom, both at Home and Abroad, create Suspicions, which not only justify, but even call aloud for Inquiry; which Inquiry must necessarily prove ineffectual, unicfs the proper Methods are taken to support it, of which we apprehend this Bill to be One; and a Proceeding fojuft that no innocent Man will desire to avoid it, and no guilty One ought to escape it: Moreover, the Reasons assigned by the Persons whose Behaviour gave Rife to this Bill, for refusing their Evidence is a sufficient Implication that it would affect the Earl of Orford, since they admit, it would affect themselves.

7thly, Because we conceive, that the rejecting this Bill may create great Dissatisfaction in the Nation, to the Diminution of the Credit, and consequently of the Authority, of this House, when the People find themselves dif appointed in their just Expectations of having a drift Inquiry made into the Conduct of the Earl of Orford, which they had so long called for in vain, and hoped they had at last obtained; groaning under the undiminished Load of National Debts and Taxes, notwithstanding a long Peace, trembling under the Terrors of multiplied Penal Laws, deploring their sacrificed Honour, and their neglected Interest: The Balance of Europe over-turned Abroad, and the Constitution endangered at Home: They call for Inquiry, they seek for Justice, they hope for Re-dress: The other House has taken the proper Steps to answer those Expectations; the Inquiry began there could only have been rendered effectual in One material Point by this Bill; which being rejected by this House, from whence they expect Justice and Redress, we fear, their blasted Hopes, which for a time may seem funk into a llavifh Despondency, may at last break out into Disorders more easy, possibly, to forefec, than to remedy.

Chesterfield,

Westmor eland, Rockingham,

R. Lincoln,

Ailefbury,

Ward,

Gower,

Dunk Halifax, Sandwich,

Thaneiy Northampton,

Ordered, That the said

Carlisle, Bathurfi, Berkshire, Craven, Lichfield,

Foley,

Boyle, Falmouth, Beaufort,

St. John, Shaftesbury.

Bill be rejected.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Lords refusing to concur with the Commons of Great Britain, in an Indemnification, necessary to the effectual carrying on the Inquiry now depending in Parliament, is an Obstruction to Justice, and may prove fatal to the Liberties of this Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TOkrs for <he Yeas, '»

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

245-

Denbigh, Alesford, Coventry, Bedford,

Cohham,

Oxford Mortimer,

Abingdon,

Greenwich,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, toconsider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Paul Keating do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Maiiy Anno 150 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1742. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34, 35. To leave out " or making improper Settlements or Dispositions of his Estater*

In the Title of the Bill

Motion touching the Lords Rejection of Bill respecting the Earl of Or* ford.

Call of the House

Colony of Georgia.

Public Ac coi. nh of the Kingdom.

A Person ordered to attend.

Laws

rdpecting

R'guesand

Vagabonds,

&c.

Brooke’s

Lunacy.

1742.

i§ Geo. II.

a 8° Maiij

i6i

To leave Gtit u aliening 6r infctitabfting

hii Estate, 0-."

And the same Were, upon the Question fevfetally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendmfehts, do

ig put, % ions of tosr

prove hk

k

W

45-

Northey's

Estate.

fc-

Cfc

Gty

Rolt»8

Estate.

Buck's

Estate.

Sele& Parish Vestries.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapyltoh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An irtgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Northey, an Infant, to settle Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counts of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he (half tnarry, and their issue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and" for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tVinford, Mr, Powney, Sir Charles Wyndkam, Lord Sid. Beau clerks Mr. Spencer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Lord Perceval, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hen.Bat Burd, Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Br ere ton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Packer, Mr. Monson, Lord 'Strange, Mr. Martin, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord borough, Mr. Tufnell, Sir William Corbett, Sir C/fo. A/br-daunt, Lord Paimerfton, Mr. Fojfcy, Mr. Plumer, Col. Powiett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Lincoln, and Surrey: And tLey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt ' Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts assessing the fame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other 'Plirpbfes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Lord Deerhurst, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Carter, Mr." Popham, Sir James Grant, Mr Grants Mr. Jobi Stuart, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Boone, Mr. Spencer, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr. Carew, Lord Sid. Beau clerk. Lord Perceval, Mr. Williams, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Vyner, Sir Tho. Drury, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Tucker, Sir J. Hynde Cotton, Sir Fra, Dashwood, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Ofwnld, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. SouthwellMr. Wilkinson, Mr. Edwin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber1.

- 1

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for cqpfirming certain Estates in the County of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charley Buck Baronet, dje-eeased, to the Trustees of Fulke Grevile Esquire, during ‘feis Minority, to him and his said ;Xrjuftees, dischalggri from the Equity of Redemption, which the Infant $on and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thereon; and for other purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. ,; /. p-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill.to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee^ td whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of tile several Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of thevn Lives, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective P&J rishes was referred, relating to the said Parish of St.George V ol. 24.

Hanover-Square, be taken Into Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ScVa Pi That Leave be gixren to bring in a Bill for the better pve- Vc,lrK5' gulation of the vestries of the Pin flies of St. Martin, St.

Anne, St. James, St, Margaret, and St. George Hanover-Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminstj;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the boner Regulation of select Vestries, and Parish Officers;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ditto.

Ttllm for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,^‘ So it passed in the Negative.

} 13?-

1160.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Order? of the That the Orders of the Day be now read j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

D y to b" read.

Tellers for the Yeas Lord 1 euers for the leas, Mr

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

f73*

128.

Elertion

I«iW8.

Supply.

The Order of the Day being read, far taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bid to explain an l amend the Laws touching the Elections- of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report Be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, revived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. ' "

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ’ " 5

Mr. Francis Fane to ok the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumie 1 the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Commit fee;^Fhat they had come to several-Refutations, which rhev’had directsd him to report, when the; House will pkafe ti.o receive the same. . n :-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon«Monday Morning next. pv 11 ' ’ ';

Mr. Francis Fane also a^quaihted the HouseftTH'nr he was directed by the Committee to move, That^they tfi^y have Leave to fit againP '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Motft- Ways

ing next, rc-fiftve its^ltr^ntp a Committee of the whole and Means, ' Hou^-, to consider fuftnerbf Ways a^d Me^ns for raisipg the jSuppJy grpntecj^ \

' T/ie other Orders' of tfej ,l3ay;

Ordered, That the irrgryfrfed Bilf for taking, examining, and Rating, the publick Accounts of rh<3'Kingdom,. t}c read the Third time upon Monday Morning next! ,

House upon

Public Ac-coii >is. i the

Ordered, That Paul Ideating do.attc^cy Monday Morning next. ’-V/ \;

...; , r lU t,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday M ining next, resolve itself into a Qomriuttee of jrhe wijqfe Hoide, upon the Bill to explain and amend"an Act, nirfe in the 13th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, writuled, An Act /of amending and enforcing the Laws rel.innp to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Per-3X " loos;

A P.-rfon Ol d<r red to ^rtcrul.

Laws

rt {,:

r5;,d

Vrr.-..bond*,

AlC.

2 62

fons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for ereftinjg, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

28* — 31 9

A. 1742.

Westminster Bridge and Improvements.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Marti prevent Lupaticks from marrying, during the Time of Luna their being under Commissions of Lunacy: And that Mr .'Gybbonand Mr. Bathurst do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dr. Wcbfter thanked.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Lucas’s

Estate.

Luna, 31* d Mail;

Anno 1 f ' Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Pa a yehs.

AB I L L for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Webster, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, on Saturday last, at Saint Margaret*% Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Sydenham, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin: And that Mr. Arundel, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an Estate contrafted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Limerick, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Drury, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Powney, Mr. Murray, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Wright, Mr. Owen, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Roger Bradfhatgh, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Carter, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr* Hammond\ and all the Members who serve for the Coupties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. \

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, to whom Robbing the Bill for the more effectual punishing Persons, who Fish Pot shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy, or ileal any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews; and also Persons, who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock where Deer are usuallykept; was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (ome of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ff’vilcgc. The House being informed, That Paul Keating attended, according to Order;

He was called in: And the Letter signed with his Name, and upon TuesdayXaft delivered in at the Table; and the counterfeited Frank, upon the Superscription thereof, being shewn to him, heconfeffed, that the said Letter, and the Superscription thereof, and also the Frank thereupon, were of his Hand-Writing.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Paul Keating, having counterfeited the Hand-Writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon a Letter, in brder to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeanor, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Paul Keating be, for his faijl Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynne reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of printing the Journals of this House, and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered of the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report what appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place v and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame, together with the Appendix thereunto, was read; and is as follows.

The Committee, the better to enable them to judge of the Expediency and Utility of printing the Journals, directed your Clerk, Mr. Hardinge, to prepare, and lay before them, a State of the Condition of all the Journals now in his Custody.

Pursuant thereto, Mr. Hardinge delivered into your Committee his Report in Writing, wherein he gives an Account of the present Condition of all the said Journals, from the First Book called Seymour, which commences the Fifft Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth; also, an Account what Journals appear to be now loft, with some Observations regarding that Loss, and the future Preservation of the Journals; and likewise an Account of other Matters, which relate to several of the said Journals; Which Report is hereunto annexed, Appendix N° I. Your Committee thereupon having directed several of the Journals to be brought before them, did find, upon Inspection, that some were almost illegible, and others in some Parts destroyed, or defaced by Mildew.

They then proceeded to take into Consideration the Amount of the Expence of printing the said Journals, what Additions might be necessary to render them more useful and perfect, and what might be the most propd: Methdd of defraying the Expence of the whole Work. ‘ Mr. John Grov&j one of the Clerks in Mr. Hardinge*s Office, being exkmin^d, said, That he had inspected all the Journal-Books in the Custody of your Clerk, and had computed what Number of Words was contained in One full Page of each Book, and having multiplied each Numb&f of Words severally by the Number of the Pages of each Book, and added the Whole of those Numbers together, he found the same to produce 26,557,603 Words; and he delivered in to your Commirtee the whole Account of such Computation.

Mr. Samuel Richardson, Printer, being called before your Committee, delivered in an Estimate of the Expence with regard to the Paper and Print requisite for printing 1,000 Copies of the Journals; which Estimate appears to be grounded on the preceding Calculation of Words.

And the same contains Two Computations made upon different Suppositions of the Journals being printed upon a Type and Page of such a Size as are therein severally

described:

Printing the Journals.

15 Geo. II. 31

described; but your Committee seemed inclined to prefer, the Specimen least expenhve of the Two; viz. That which describes the Print to be on a Page of the like Dimension, and upon such a Type (Roman) as is used in the last Edition of the Statutes at large: And.upon this Plan Mr. Richardson computes, that the whole Work will amount to the Number of 4,422 Sheets; which, allowing 200 Sheets to a Volume, makes 21 Volumes and 22 Sheets, and the Addition of Indexes may extend the same to 23 Volumes.

That the Expence of printing 1000 Copies, of 200 Sheets for One Volume, estimated at 30s. per Sheet, amounts to £.300. and the Paper requisite for that Number is 400 Ream, made pei fed for printing; which (sup-posing it to be fine English Demy of 1 es. per Ream Value). will cost £.300.

So that the Expence of Paper and Print for One Volume is £. 600.

Which for 23 Volumes amounts to £.13,800.

But there is besides, the Charge of Copy for the Press, the Charge of reviling the Press, and drawing up proper Indexes, of which no Estimate is made.

For the further Information of the House, your Committee have annexed the above Estimate to their Report (Appendix N* II.), together with an Explanation of some Parts thereof, as delivered in by Mr. Richard/on: And,

Mr. Richardson, being further examined, said, Supposing no more than 600 Copies of the Journals were allowed to be printed, in that same the Expence would be reduced to £.10,120. but that the Cost of each single Volume would, if 600 Copies only were printed, amount to 141. 8d. and by printing 1000 Copies the same would be reduced to ns.

Hereupon your Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Books of the Proceedings or Journals of the House of Commons, now in the Custody of the Clerk of the said House, and commencing with the Book called Seymour, winch begins with the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, be printed.

With regard to such Additions and other necessary Works, which may render the Journals more useful and perfect, and to the Method of defraying all the Expences of the whole Work, Mr. Hardingeacquainted your Committee, that he desired Leave to offer some Matters to their Consideration by way of Proposal: And being heard in relation thereto, he was directed by the Committee, to reduce into Writing the Substance of what he had proposed. ’

\ Accordingly, he afterwards presented to your Committee, a Proposal in Writing; and the same is hereunto annexed, Appendix N*III.

Upon the W hole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One thousand Copies of the said Journals be printed by the Appointment and under the Direction of Nicholas Hardinge El quire'. Clerk of the House of Commons, the same not to exceed Thirty Volumes, with a' proper Preface and Index to each Volume; and a general Preface and Index to the Whole.

' Resolveedt That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proper Recdmpence be made to the said Nicholas Hardinge, for the L&fs of Fees, which he and his Office will sustain by printing the said Journals.

To the Committee appointed to consider of printing the Journals of the House of Commons.

Having received your Commands to state the Condition of the Journals, I humbly certify, That the most ancient Journal, now extant in my Custody, is the Book called Seymour (from the Clerk’s Name who wrote it) containing short Notes of the Proceedings of the Commons from the Beginning of the Reign of Ed. the 6th, to the ad of January, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth: And it appears from the Preface to aTreatife

VOL. 24.

of Mr Tfakewit, formerly a Member of the House of P«nhng tire Commons, printed in 1659, intituled, " The Manner Jpurn f* w how Statutes are enacted in Parliament, by Passing of " BillsThat the House of Commons had then no Journal more antient; though, from the Antiquity and Duty of the Clerk’s Office, it may be inferred, that Remembrances of the Proceedings of the House of Commons, in former Reigns, must have been entered in some Books, which are now loft.

And it particularly appears, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Hen. the 8th, that such Remembrances were then made; that Ad forbidding the Members of the House to depart, or absent themselves, from the Parliament, without Licence of the Speaker and Commons, entered of Record in the Book of the Clerk of the Parliament appointed for the Commons House, upon Pain of losing their Wages.

The next Journal is a Book called Onslow (from the Name of the Clerk who succeeded Seymour)9 beginning the Second Day of April, 13 Eliz. and ending the 17th March 23 Eliz. This Journal is more fairly written, and more accurate, than Seymour: The Journals of all the succeeding Parliaments, in that Queen’s Reign, are now loft; though it appears by the Preface to Sir Simonds Dews's Journal of all the Parliaments during her Reign, and also from Mr. Hakewit's Preface before-mentioned, that Journals of the House of Commons in all the'Parliaments of Queen Elizabeth's Reign were then extant.

The printed Journals therefore of all her Parliaments, collected by Sir Simonds Dews, and the printed Journals of her Four last Parliaments, collected by Mr. Townshend, are valuable Supplements to the original Journais, and have been quoted as Authorities (if my Memory does not fail me), in several Reports from Committees appointed to learch Precedents.

This Lois of antient Journals is imputed by Mr. Hake-wit in his Preface before-mentioned, to the " Want of " a proper Provision for the sese preserving of them, an-'

" fwerable to that which the Lords have, whose Clerk " hath a House belonging to him, and his Successors,

" where all their Records are kept to Posterity."

The present Repository of the Journals is indeed more convenient than it was formerly (the Office Room, near the House, having been enlarged some Feet, and that and other Rooms having been fitted up with good Wain-scot Prefies, for the Reception of the Journals and Papers belonging to the House):

But this Office Room is still so little, and so dark, that neither the Members nor the Clerk can conveniently consult the Journals in it.

And it has lately been made more dark, by the Erection of a Chimney against one of the Buttresses of the House; which Chimney also may add to the Danger of Fire, to which the Journals are now exposed; and an Accident, which happened not long ago during the Recess of Parliament, has given me Reason to fear the Possibility of future Damage to the Journals, when they are not under the immediate Care of the Clerk; as the Journals of the House of Lords are.

And if I may be allowed, on this Occasion, to take Notice of what regards myself; I beg Leave to observe, that the Clerk, when he is most at Leisure to consult the Journals, is, by the necessary Distance of his House from his Office, restrained from making the proper Use of them, either for his own Information, or the Service of the House.

I have already stated to the Committee the Condition of the Two most antient Journals, Seymour and Onslow.

The Journals of the Reign of King James the First,

(being, for the most part. Minutes taken by the Clerk, and not afterwards transcribed), are in many Places in-correct and almost illegible, and are also much impaired by Length of Time, and various Accidents.

Yet, as they contain the History of many important Transactions, and also the Heads of Speeches delivered by many famous Members in Debates concerning the Prerogative

264

3i° Mail

A. 1742.

Printing the rogative of the Crown and the Liberty of the Subject, Journal*. they seem worthyof very great Regard.

And many of their Defects may probably be supplied' by the Help of anrient Copies: And there are also in the Clerk’s Custody Duplicates of the Journals of the ift and 21st Year of his Reign, which, being collated, may {apply the Defect: of each other*

The Journals of the Reign of King Charles the First, till the Year 1640, are as ill written and as ill preserved, but contain likewise the Minutes of many memorable Passages: The Practice of entering Heads of Speeches in the Journals wasdiscontinued soon after the Beginning of that Reign; though the Proceedings and Debates of the House of Commons, in 1628, collected by Sir Thomas Crew, were published in the Year 1707 by John Park-burjl Esquire, his Grandson, in which, the Heads of many Speeches are inserted.

From the Year 1640 to the End of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, the Journals of the House are generally more legible and correct; though a few of them are in feme Parts impaired, and have been damaged by Mildew, particularly the Convention Journal of 1660, and that of the 22d and 23d of Charles the 2d.

On the 5th of May 1698 a Committee, appointed to search Precedents, having reported, that many Journals of the House before the Year 1685 were much worn, ill written, and without any Indexes; the following Order was made.

Ordered, That all the Journals of this House, until " the Year 1685, be fairly transcribed, and Indexes made,

" by the Clerk, of the Journals so transcribed, with Re-<c ferences to the Folios of the original Books; and that u it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of the " Xreafury to pay the Charge thereof."

In consequence of this Order, all the Journals before i68{ were copied (except the Journals between the 14th of March 1642 and the Restoration), but without Indexes; and these Copies remain now in my Custody j but a/e very erroneous; as are all the Copies of the antient Journals which I have ever compared with thd Originals.

The Journals between the 14th of March and the Reiteration not having been copied, pursuant to the said Order; that Omission, together with the Tradition concerning them, and the Name by which they have been called, and also the Manner in which they have been kept, being Circumstances, which affect their Authority; I beg Leave to lay before the Committee the Result of my Inquiry concerning that Matter.

After the Reiteration, upon the 14th of March 13 Car. 2di, a Committee was appointed " to look into all " the Journals of the Long Parliament, since his late Majesty departed from London, till the Dissolution " thereof, and to make a Report of what they should " think fit to be expunged thereout, as treasonable and " scandalous to his Majesty and his Royal Father of " blessed MemoryBut no Report appears to; have been made from that Committee. i v

I beg Leave further to observe, That the King departed from London the 10th of January 1641, and:afteFward$ passed several Acts by Commission; not nation the King’s subsequent Treaties with the Commons as a House of Parliament. j n

And the said King being restrained by a^.Ad,' td which he consented, from diffolying or proroguing.* the Parliament, without the Concurrence o£the Two Houses;

I am humbly of Opinion, That that Parliament was never deemed to have been dissolved before the King’s Death.

And it was pretended at lqaft by some Perfbfcs after the Reiteration, that the Long Parliament was not differed, even by the King’s Death; and therefore, for preventing Disputes concerning the assembling of the.Restoration Parliament, it was by a declaratory Law enacted, That the Long Parliament was fully dissolved and de? termined; though the Act does not, mention the Time, when the same was fully dissolved and determined.

These Journals (though called, as I am informed, razed or expunged Journals) do not appear, upon the View of *3

them, to be in Fast raxed or expunged; except in some Places, where the Clerk has corrected his own Errors, or the House has directed an Obliteration (as on the jth and 25th of January 1659), nor does any Order of the House appear to me to have been made for razing or expunging the m.

I beg Leave further to observe, That, if any Razure of those Journals had been ordered, the same would probably have actually been made, as was done in the same of the Entries relating to the East~India Company 22d February 1669, and in some other Instances.

But these Journals (as I have been informed by Mr. Hamlyn, who has been many Years a Clerk in my Office) were (before the present Office was fitted up) kept in Prefles in the Court of Wards, separate from the other Journals (which were kept in the Clerk’s Office); and, when the Court of Wards was rebuilt they were removed into another Place; and, when the Court of Requests was rebuilt, they were again removed into the Rcoms over the Long Gallery, where they have remained since that time.

But I must also observe, That the Titles of all these Journals under the Head of Journals beginning in 640 are entered in Two Inventories, preserved in my Office, and made, as I am informed, by Mr Jodrell\ when he was first appointed Clerk, which happened, as I am informed, in the Year 1684.

And having inquired, in what manner the Journals of the House of Lords, between the King’s Departure from London and his Death, are preserved, I find, that they are all preserved in the Parliament Office with the other Journals, without any Distinction.

I beg Leave further to observe. That it appears, from a Report made the 10th Day of July 15 Car. 2di, that Extracts from the Journals of the 23d Day of May and 22d of June 1649 are reported from the Committee appointed to inspect the Act for the Confirmation of judicial Proceedings; which Journals are in that Report called " Journals of the pretended House of Commons " in the Year 1649.1'

And having inquired, whether the said Act for confirming judicial Proceedings did invalidate the Authority of these Journals, I have perused the said Act; and I find; that the judicial. Proceedings thereby confirmed are such only as were subsequent to the First of May 1642; but, though in several Clauses.of the said Act all Authority derived under any pretended House of Commons after the King’s Death seems to be condemned, as an Usurpa-tion, yet I cannot discover, that any Parliamentary Proceedings since the ift Day of May 1642, and before the King’s Death, are thereby annulled.

And I also beg Leave further to observe, that the last of the Journals, allowed to be authentic, ends the 14th of March 1642, long after the Time of the King’s Departure from London, and many Months after the said ift of Mays 164^* ;:

In the Journals after the Year 1685 the Proceedings of the Hyqie are more fully and carefully entered; and the Practice of printing the Votes has very much tribgtfd (q that Accuracy; thopgl) ther$ar$te na)s fdxie. Qmi^ns^as well as-tyliftakes (many of.whicft may be reftifiea Dy the Minuted$oqk$ of this House, qr by th^rimed; Vote^pr.byorigfpal Papers); as, fordn-stance, inj the Ypar 17141 ig the same of a Report from the.tyrnmitt^e of Privileges anc^p^ons touching the Election for Weymouth and Melcombfagis', in which Cafe, all the intermediate Proceedings of the House between the Entry of the Report and the Order for amending the Return are inrirely omitted in the Journal.

There are a!so some’ Chasms* which may be filfed up by the Help of the Jour nils of the House of Lofds. ’

And the printed Journal of the Parliament in 1678-9 (which is called in thcTide, a'true Copy) contains all the Proceedings of the House upon the King’s not ap

proving Sir Edward

Seymour

ro be Speaker; which in

the original Journal-Book are intirely omitted.

The

t

1742.

KeP' infome Wn Errors, or

1 !hf 5th ana of the House »rt

anV Razure

w°u!d prj. in the same npany j2(|

<1 ty Mr.

V Office) kept in :he other )i and, 'e'J:ove<| cqudb f K corns *1 foe ’

' these ih4o

cn he i in-

is of bm

hey

her

>m

at

id

t

5

15 Geo. II. 31° M

The. Proceedings of the House in the Choice of the Speaker 1 and 2 Act. are also intirely omitted; and there are several Blanks in the Narrative of the Choice of the Speaker in 1727: I have endeavoured, though in vain, to procure Materials for completing those Entries.

The Razures which appear in the Journal 1669, in the same of the East India Company, were directed by Order of the House, upon the King’s Recommendation.

In this Account of the Journals of the House, I include the Convention Journal in 1660; that Journal having been constantly preserved among the other Journals of the House; and the publick Acts of that Convention having been confirmed by the next Parliament.

And for the same Reason I include the Journal of the Convention, at the Time of the Resolution, and also the Journal of the Assembly, which directed the Calling of that Convention; those Journals having been likewise so preserved, and that Convention of the Lords and Commons having been declared by Law to be the* Two Houses of Parliament. .*

Not having received the Directions of the Committed to prepare any Scheme for printing the Journals, I ihafl not presume to make any Calculation of the Expence, which must attend that Work: I thall only beg Leave to acquaint the Committee, that I am intitled by virtue of my Office, which is granted to me for my Life, to several Fees for Searches into the Journals and for Copies of them; which Fees must be very inconsiderable, if the House should thi nk fit to order the Journals to be printed: I therefore hope, that, if any Profit shall arise from such Publication, I may be thought not unworthy of receiving some Recompence for my Loss, and for the Pains which! must necessarily, and shall willingly, take in preparing the Work for the Press. N. Hardinge, CP Dom' Com'.

The Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, according to Mr. Grover's Computation, contain 26,537,603 Words; which, on a Type, and such a Size Page as Dr. Wilkin's Councils, will make 7,072 Sheets. And these will make 35 Vol. 72 Sheets, at 200 Sheets to each Volume.

But on che same Type, and such a Size Page as the Statutes at large, the Journals will make but 4,422 Sheets; which, at 200 Sheets to a Volume, as above, will make 22 Volumes 22 Sheets.

So that with Indexes, c^r. the Journals printed on the larger Type may be supposed to make 36 Volumes.

On the Idler Type, viz. that of the Statutes, with the Indexes, (Ac. 23 Volumes.

The Expence of Printing on the larger Type may be computed at about 2 3s. per Sheet, N* 1000; £.

so that aoo Sheets (One Volume) will be - 230

Paper may be bought from 12 s. to 20 s. per Ream: But foppose fine English Demy, made (a) perfect for Printing, at 15 s. per Ream. Two Reams will make the N#

1000, (on one Sheet;) for 200 Sheets, 400 Reams, will amount to - - - - 300

Printing and Paper for One Volume of aoo Sheets will amount to - - - 530

And for the whole 36 Volumes, on the larger Type ----- 19,080

But then there must be added the Charge of the Copy for the Press.

The Charge of reviling the Press by the proper Officer.

The Charge of drawing up the Indexes, (Ac.

The Expence of Printing on the lesser Type, (viz. that of the Statutes) may be computed at 30s. per Sheet, which for 200 Sheets (One Volume) will be^. 300

The Charge of Paper the same as in the other,

for 400 Reams ----- 300

Printing and Paper for Ofie Volume - - 600

And for the whole 23 Volumes - - 13,800

Vol. 24.

Betides the Charges of revising the Press, drawing up Prioting the Indexes, Copy for the Press, (Ac. as above-mentioned. Journal*.

(a)N. B. Paper is usually sold by the Maker with Two outsideQuires, generally foul and bad, to each Ream, and the 18 good Quires run but 24 Sheets to the Quire: By the Words P erf eft for Printing is therefore meant the Two bad Quires changed for good, and the whole 20 Quires, of which the Ream con-fists, made to run 25 Sheets to each Quire, by which means One Ream makes 500 Sheets in Talc.

The Statutes at large in Six Volumes contained 1281 Sheets;

That is about 214 Sheets in each Volume, one with another*

There were 1500 printed, and the Subscrip- £. s. tion Price unbound, was - - - 11 11

Eight were given to those who subscribed for Seven; which, to Subscribers, reduced the Price to about £. to 21. 6d. in Quires; i.e. to £. 1. 13r. yd. each Volume.

The Six Volumes now fell for 15 or 16 Pounds.

The Seventh Volume, lately publiflhed, is fold, unbound; or in Quires, t'O Gentlemen, at £. 1. 141. and Contains only 134 Sheets.

Paper at 15 s. per Ream, will be better Paper than that on which the Statutes are printed.

The Cost of Paper and printing One Vol. of the Journals, confiding of 200 Sheets, N* 1000, on the Type and Size of the Statutes (as set forth) at Thirty Shillings per Sheet, will be £ 600.

Which comes to 12s. per Volume.

But if there be no extraordinary Attendance or Trouble attending the Copy, Indexes, Revisal of the Press,

(Ac. the Printing may come somewhat cheaper still than 30 s. per Sheet, or in the larger Type than 23 s.

So that if the Copy for the Press, the Revising of the Press, the Drawing up the Indexes, (Ac. should amount to 8 s. per Vol. it will be produced to the Publick at 20J. per Vo), unbound, at the above Rate of Printing and Paper, which is near 14^. cheaper in each Volume than the Statutes were allowed for to Subscribers, though 1500 was printed, and Richardson's Computation of the Journals is made at N° 1000 only: For it must be observed, that the larger the Number printed, the cheaper it may be afforded to the Publick.

To the Committee appointed to consider of printing the Journals of the House of Commons.

A Computation having been made by Mr. Richardson (a Printer, in whose Skill and Integrity I can confide) that the Journals of the House of Commons, Indexes included, will make 23 Volumes in Print, 2ood Sheets in each Vol. to be printed in Two Columns, upon a Page of the same Size as that on which the last Edition of the Statutes at large is printed, and in a Character of the same Size as the Roman Letter used in that Edition, but upon much better Paper, viz. fine English Demy, worth at lead 15 s. each Ream;

And the Expence of Paper and of the Press (besides the Charge of the Copy for the Press, the Charge of revising the Prest by the proper Officer, and the Charge of drawing up Indexes, (Ac.) being computed by him to amount, if iooood Copies be printed, to £. 13,800. and if 6ood only be printed, to£. 10,120.

I humbly propose, if the House shall intrust me with the Publication of this Work, to publish the same with all possible Expedition, upon the Conditions and in thfc Manner following:

1 ft. I humbly hope, from the Equity and Favour of the House, to receive a present Recompence for the Loft, which I must immediately sustain by an Order for printing the Journals, and for the great Pains, which I must necessarily take in settling the Text of the antjent Journals (impaired, as they are, and, in some Places, almost illegible) in supplying tht Defects of all the Journals, bf

3 Y the

1C

266

Priming the the bed Authorities; in preparing a Preface to each Journal*. Vol.; in.making proper Annotations in drawing up an Index to each Vol; with particular References to the Rules and Orders of the House; in the Addition of some useful and instructive Reports, and other Papers, presented to the House, though not entered in the Journals; and,

When the whole Work shall be finished, in compiling a general Preface and Index to the Whole.

2dly, If it shall be determined, that the Work be printed intirely at a publick Expence, and that no more than 6ood Copies thereof be so printed; 1 hope to be enabled, by the Advancement of a competent Proportion of the whole Expence, to contract for Paper, and to defray such Charges as will immediately be necessary; and to receive, upon the Delivery of each Volume to every Member, a proportionable Part of the remaining Expence of Paper and Print: And, in order to provide a Number of Copies, to be sold to future Members at moderate Prices,

I propose, that iooood Copies be printed; the Charge of printing 6ood only to be paid in the Manner before-men-v tioned, and the remaining 400d to be sold to every future Member at zos. or i Guinea each Volume^and to every other Person at 30s. or 1 Guinea and Half; which last Price is considerably less, than that, for which voluminous Works of the like Cost (as to Paper and Print) are usually sold by Booksellers, even in Cafes, where a much larger Number of Copies than iooood have been printed.

This Scheme of printing iooood, instead of 6ood* will lessen the Charge of the 6ood Copies, supposed to be printed at a public Expence; inasmuch as each Volume, if 6ood only be printed, will, according to Mr. Richard-Jon\ Computation, cost 14*. and 8 d., and, if iooood be printed, will cdft 12 s. only.

3dly, If it shall be thought proper, that Part only of the Expence be paid in the Manner before-mentioned, and that iooood Copies be printed; the Editor will thereby be enabled to fell each Volume to every present Member at a Price proportionably less, and to every future Member at the Price of 20 s. or at 1 Guinea, and to every other Person at 30s. or 1 Guinea and Half.

4thly, But if no Part of the Expence of Paper and Pript be paid in the Manner before-mentioned, it is proposed, that Subscriptions be taken, in order to enable me to judge what Number I may venture to publish; and also to enable me to defray the great Charge, which will be immediately necessary; each Volume to be delivered to every subscribing Member at £. 1. 5 s. o d. and to every other Subscriber at 3$j.; One-fourth of the Price to be paid at the Time of subscribing, and a proportionable Part of the remaining fths to be paid upon the Delivery of each Volume; which last Price of 35 s. is less than what other voluminous Works, more generally demanded, and consequentlyr more vendible, yet printed upon Paper of no greater, if not less. Value, have been usually fold for by Booksellers.

1 beg Leave to observe, that though Mr. Richardson*s Calculation supposes, that the Journals will, in Print, make 23 Vol.; yet, as Prefaces, Annotations, Supplements, and Appendixes, will be also necessary, the Number*of Volumes will probably be greater; which will proportionably increase the Charge; as, on the other hand, if they make less than 23 Voi., the Charge will be proportionably abated.

And it must be observed, that the Profit arising from the Sale of such Books, as shall not be immediately disposed of, will be considerably diminished by several incident Charges; not to mention the Hazard of Fire, and other Accidents.

And it is also to be observed, that it may be a long Time, before all the Copies, which shall be reserved for future Purchasers, will be fold.

It is not doubted, but that the House will effectually . restrain the printing or felling of any Edition of the Journals; or any Abridgment thereof, or any Collect ions therefrom, which shall not be warranted by their own Order.

N. Hardinge,

CL Dm. Com.

Mail 1742.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting after the Word <c printed,*’ and before the Word "by," these Words, " for the Use of the Members of this House and the {amc was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution, so amended:

That One thousand Copies of the said Journals be printed for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons (the same pot to exceed Thirty Volumes), with a proper Preface and Index to each Volume, and a general Preface and Index to the Whole.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. y

Resolved, That xta humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to order the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced to Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards enabling him to print the Journals of this House; and likewise the further Sum of One thousand Pounds, as a Recompence to the said Nicholas Hardinge for the Lois of Fees, which he, and his Office, may sustain by printing the said Journals; and to affine his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Journal* be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

A.Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of repealing a Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Leed Mar-Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for great- ing a new Power instead thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Offices and to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- *£ selves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aston-for dividing and inclosing, setting out and allotting, Canti°* certain common Fields and inclosures within the Manor nc 0 ure* and Parish of Aston-Cantlow, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sutton for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be Incl°fttre> made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet,

Lord of the Manor, and Doctor Crane, Rector of the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the inclosure.of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing to the said Rector an Equivalent for his Tythes arising in the said Parish of Sutton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Brooke* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Lunacy* Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from ^ay* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Mean*

referred

C

'741

8 N a ercupoa,

ing read made Word 'Vords, fid the ‘ed to

nmit-

5

» by Wa/ the

V

ace

id

n,

15 Geo. II.

310 Mali.

267

referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted fb his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, redeemable by Parliament; or by Loans; the said Annuities* or Lbans, to be charged upon, and secured by, the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, qotnmonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an A&, made in the 12th Year of the Reign ofher late Majesty Queen Aane, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain^ which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was further continued for the Term or Seven Years, and from thence o the End of the then nekt Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the loth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the actb Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End erf the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 8th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for red ucing the Dutieaupon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation.of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to lingle Damages; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which laid Clauses were, by an Act, made in the nth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and, by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present MajestyV Reign, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty* for continuing same Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned; for more effectually preventing Fraud? in mixing Silks with Stuffs, to be exported; which laid Clauses. were, by an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force to the 29th Day of September 1734? and from thence to the End of the then next Sext Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued

Vol. 14.

Rtfahed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clause contained in an Act, made in the 9th and toth Years, of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa 5 for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continue^ for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Proviso in the said last Ad contained, That no Drawbackshould be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or Qiould be, imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which said Clause and Proviso, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House was moved, That the Second Section of an Act, made in the 14th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1741; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tm and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and so appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or ot her wife deft royed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Compton, Sir John Rufhoutt'bAx. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Legge, and Mf. Henry Archer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of- the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Customp-ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&jon of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct-9 of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed.

[ 86. >uS.

Ordered,

Ways

and Meins.

Exportation of Wool.

Election

Laws.

268

31° Mail. — j.° Junii. A. 1742.

Public Ac- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for taking, examining,

eouutiof the and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be Kingdom. reacj the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Uwsr?lpc&~ Resolved, That tins House will, To-moiirow Morning, ing Rogues resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ya^' upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the n ' C’ Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leeds Mar- for repealing a‘ Power in the Marriage Settlement of Tho-riage Settle- Duke of Leeds withMary his now Wife, and for wcnt‘ creating a new Power intlead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And the* the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, i° die Junii;

Anno 15* Georgii IId* Regis, 1742. 'Prayers.

EtH of im° HP Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Se-

Orford’s crely, acquainted the House, That he was directed Conduit. by the Committee to apply to the House, to examine, in the most solemn Manner, Benjamin Keene Esquire, a Member of this House.

Mr. Keene, in his Place, declared, That he was ready to attend the Committee, and to be examined in the most solemn Manner.

ftcctiiC Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Roguefand to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vagabonds, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the *c- Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act: of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for ereftingi providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill 5 and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Annuities,’ to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, &c. to be raised by Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; or by Loans; which Annuities, or Loans, are to be changed upon the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Marriage Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to of Lunatics. Order, a Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Time of their being under Commissions of Lunacy: And the same was received and read tha First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Philipps presented to the House, according to Poor I Order, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for taking, examining, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time:

And the Names of the Commissioners were, upon the Question put thereupon, inferred in a Blank left in the Bill for that Purpose.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 1.To leave out the Words " One thousand," and to infcrc " Five hundred" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " One w thousand" stand Part or the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. 1

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdkrs for the . j £6.

1 V36-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer Address of Yesterday, had been presented to his Majesty; to Addreflv and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from rthe Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurjlori: ' "

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to HopkWs enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, Name,

and his Descendents, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Colony af Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Georgia* the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf Qf, the People of Georgia in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, that they had further heard Counsel, and had also heard some other Evidence, on the Part of the Petitioner; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, at Twelve of the Clock (and nothing to intervene), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Exportation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Wool, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Customp* ton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered,

>741.

d time

accordii

IJgH

intituled,

»e fimcwai

tme.

Third \ lin& and

now

’on the in the

made

wd,"

One

k

Hopkins’s

Name.

15 GeO. IL

Junii.

6$

Ordered, That the Lord Gage have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And An ingreded Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his Dependents, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, decensed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercui'Uy 2° die "Junii;

Anno 150 Georgii IldI Regis, 1742. Prayers.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing any Stealing Dloth or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away in the Night-time, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Press 2. L. 17. Before City,* to insert " Riding* f< Division, Liberty

And the same was, lipoh the Questlonpiit thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away iil the Night-time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurfi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Qualification of Justice*.

Laws

respectinjr Rogues and Vagabonds.

Petition of a Person committed for Discharge.

Supply Bill; Railing At-Ettitics,

AB I LL for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoiye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an A/ft, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif-crderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and, regulating, Houses of Correction; be bow" read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have 'Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthef of the said Bill.

A Petition of Pdul Keating, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for his Crime of having counterfeited the Hand-writing, of the Name ofa Member bf this House, upon a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage; and begging Pardon of the House, and promising never to incur their Displeastire by any future Offence: And praying, That the House will, in Consideration of his cltftrefied Circumstances, admit that he may be released from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the ft id Paul Keating be brought to1 the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Bill lor granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, to be raised by Annuities, transferable at the Bank England; Or by Loans; which Annuities, or Loans, are to be chafged upon the Sinking Fund; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

VOL. 24.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to Punishing whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for Person* de* explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more ef- T°yXnSice*i fedual, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfulJy.and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry kicefrom his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, direCUy to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h;s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confix deration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual punishiftg Robbing 6f Persons, who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, de- F'i(h Ponds* stroy, or steal, any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews: and &c* also Persons, who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are usually kept; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the moreeffedtual punishing Persons, who1 {hail unlawfully and maliciously kill, poison, destroy, or steal, any Fish kept in Ponds, Pits, or Stews; and for preventing the unlawful taking of Fish out of any River,

Brook, or Watercourse.

Ordered, That Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ^ayg resolve itself into a Committee of the* whole House, to and Af©aa£ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; ,

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Cambricks from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambiicks exported during the said Time; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported to the British Plantations from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1741, inclusive; dillinguilfting each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Chr if mat 3 2 1740,

Proceedings of Lords on Bill re-(pefting the Earl of Orford.

Leave of Absence.

Ways and Means.

A Person ordered to attend.

Exportation of Wool.

Laws respecting Rogues and Vagabonds. *c.

Westminster Bridge and Improvements,

258

26° — 27° Mail.

A.

1742.

Place; and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following:

The Honourable Charles Hamilton - - 241

Edward Hooper Esquire - - - 238

Sir William Middleton Baronet - - - 2137

George Grenville Esquire - - - - 236

Sir Richard Corbett Baronet - - - 235

James West Esquire - - - - 235

John Bance Esquire - 23a

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for taking, examining, and Rating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein with relation to a Bill, lately sent from this House to their Lordships, iritituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, makeDiscoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford, and to make Report thereof to this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { utwl} 1

rp 11 r .* \r { Mr. Solicitor-General, 7 . tellers for the Noes, j Mf Fqx j 159.

Sq it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Hiljborough, Lord Barrington, Lord Strange, Lord Perceval\ Mr. Grenville, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Plump Ire, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Col. Cholmondeley, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Carezv, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Quarendon, Mr. JVm. Pitt, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Danvers, Mt, James Grenville, Mr. Cor new all. Lord Gage, Mr. Spencer, Major Selwyn.

Ordered, That Mr. Smelthave Leave to go into the Country, upon Account of the Indisposition of his. Lady.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thai this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Paul Keating do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to fi-nish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Bill; and that as to such Part of the said Bill as relates ro his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval have Leave to make Westminster a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. improve*

And he moved the House accordingly: And, menu.

A Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Mail',

Anno ij° Georgii IldI Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent Linens ex-for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Ported> &c-attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens, exported to the British Plantations, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 174T, inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusivej distinguishing each Year: And also,

Account of all foreign Linens, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to thz British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Sir Miles Stapylton, according to Order, reported from 3rook«Y

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Com m it tee of the whole House, to whom the in- Lunacy, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, grolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to preprincipal Traders, and Inhabitants,- of the Town of Cul- vent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening lompton, in the County of Devon, whose Names are there- or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lu-unto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions nacy, was committed, the Amendment, which the Corn-referred to the Consideration of the said Committee. mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in . Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the on the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act Pr. 2. L. 11. After the Word " such," leave out

for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, the subsequent Wonds to the End of the Bill, and insert Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and " Marriage shall be, and is hereby declared, null and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and " void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever " also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, regulating Houses of Correction. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

The Lord Perceval presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Comrriittee, Puniflfing for building a Bridge crofc -the River Thames, from the whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, ^tr®ns5n . £4 (for Turnpike.,

Geo. II.

27 \Maii.

Leave of Absence.

[Members

Summoned.

Proceedings of Lord* on Bill respecting the Earl of Or-ford.

(for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual, for punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws (for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Fini-fterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity,) is committed. That they have Power to Receive a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, touching the Admission of Persons to act as Attornies or Solicitors, after Five Years Service as Clerks.

Ordered, That Mr. Chohnley Turner have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arips do go with the . Mace into Westminster-hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and furrimon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

- The Lord Hillfbor ough reported from the Committee appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a Bill lately sent from this House to their Lordships, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct oi Robert Earl of Orford, and to make Report thereof to this House, That the Committee had searched the said Journals accordingly, and had taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee appointed to search the Journals of the House of Lords, as to what Proceedings are therein, with relation to a Bill, lately sent from this House to their Lord ships, intituled, u An Act fojr indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect: thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct: of Robert Earl of Orfordand to make Report thereof to the House, have searched the said Journals accordingly, and have taken Copies of what Proceedings are therein, with relation to the said Bill, which areas follow; viz.

Die Jovis, 20 Mail 1742.

A Message was brought from the House of Commons, by the Lord Limerick, and others, with a Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

The laid Rill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the same be read a Second time on Tuesday next; and the Lords tohe summoped; apd that the said Bill be printed.

Vol. 24.

Die Lun<t, 24° Mali.

Moved, That the Judges be ordered to attend this House;Tomorrow, upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall* upon Examination, make Discoveries touching the Dif-position of publick, Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct: of Robert Earl of Orford\.

Ordered, Accordingly.

Die Mart is, 25* Mail 1742.

Hodie, %a vkele&a eft Billa, intituled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination,-make Discoveries touching the Disposition of publick Money, or concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters relating to the Conduct of Robeit Earl of Oxford.

T|iep it was proposed to commit the Bill:

And after long Debate thereupon.;

The Question was put, Whether the said Bill be committed

It was resolved in th§ Negative.

DiJT.ntient.

Macclesfield,

1 ft. Becausethe rejefting of this Bill, founded, as we conceive, upon Reason and Justice, warranted by Precedents, authorized by Nectffity, and called for by the general Voice of the Nation, may appear* mini ft ft Ob* struction to publick Justice, in the present great and important Cafe, and a most certain Pefeat of ft for the future, in all Cases of the like Nature.

2dly, Because it is an uncontroverted Maxim of the Law of England, that the Publick has a Right to every Man’s Evidence, and yet. by the same Law, no Man i$ obliged to accuse hirpself; and as the Accomplices of Guilt are frequently the only Witnesses of it, we coj> ceive, that both Prudence and Justice point out this Method of Impunity to some, as absolutely necessary towards discovering the Guilt of others, and thereby dif-solving those criminal Confederacies which, formed by common Guilt, can only subsist while they are cemented by common Danger: From these undeniable principle^ we apprehend this Bill ought to have palfecj, in order to preserv the Rights of the Publick, and the Right? of the Individuals.

3dly, Because this Bill is justified by many Bills of a much stronger Nature, in Cafes of much Icfs Consequence to the Publick; such as the Cafes of Sir Thomas Cooker the Masters in Chancery, Sir Robert Sutton, Thompfot\> and others, in some of which, the Persons indemnified, iu order to give their Evidence, were, at the same time, compelled, under severe Penalties, to give it; and as there is a Power not only of indemnifying, but of rewarding, necessarily lodged in the Crown, in order to bring Criminals to Justice, by Evidence known to, and within the Reach of, the Laws; so we apprehend that, in an Inquiry after Crimes that may affect the Being of the Whole, the People have a Right to the Exertion of that Power with which the Legislatureis undoubtedly vested, to come at such Evidence as may make that Inquiry effectual to their future Security.

4thly, Because the Legislature hasexercised thisPowe/r in many Instances relating to particular Branches of the Revenue; in order to prevent Frauds, the Persons concerned in such Frauds are not only indemnified, but rewarded also: And, for the private Utility of One Company, the Legislature, by the gth of George the First, after forbidding any Person to be concerned in promoting an Eafi-.India Company in the Aufirian Netherlands, gives to our East India Company a Power to prosecute, by Bill in Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, any Person* whom they suspect; obliging such Person to make Discovery, upon Oath, though such Discovery subjects him

Proceedings of Lords on Bill respecting the JEarl of Or-ford.

260 27° — 2$' Mali.

A. 1742

to a Forfeiture: Also, for the better Discovery of Felonies, the Legislature has thought fit, by an Act 5th Anne, to pardon any Person not only of the Felony discovered, but of all other Felonies he has ever been guilty of, upon his making a Discovery of Two Persons, who shall thereupon be convicted of any Burglary or Felony 5 and that Discoverer is also entitled to a Reward.

5thly, Because the rejecting of this Bill may prove a dangerous Precedent of fatal Consequence to this Constitution; since, whenever this Nation shall be visited by a wicked Minister, those who shall have served him in defrauding and oppressing the Publick, and in corrupting Individuals, will be furnished with an Excuse for refuting their Evidence, their Danger will produce his Security, and he may enjoy with Safety the Plunder of his Country: Nay, we even apprehend, that the rejecting of this Bill may be misunderstood by those who can make any Discovery, as if this House designed to discourage any Evidence whatsoever, that could affect the Person whose Conduct the Secret Committee was appointed by the House of Commons to inquire into: A Minister may be removed from his Place, and not from his Power; he may be removed from both, and not from the Favour of his Prince; nay, he may be deprived of all Three, and yet his Successor may think his Interestand future Safety, and his Prince may imagine his Authority, concerned in protecting him from either Punishment or Inquiry; in any of which Cafes all written Evidence, all Office Proofs, will be secreted, or refused; and if verbal Evidence be rendered impracticable too (which the rejecting this Bill will furnish a Precedent for,) we conceive we might as well hitvepaffedan Act of Indemnity to all future Ministers.

6thly, Because we can by no Means agree to the Argument principally urged against this Bill, That there were no Proofs of Guilt against this Person sufficient to justify the passing it: Whereas, in our humble Opinions, the Voice of the Nation, the Sense of the other House, and the lamentable Situation of this Kingdom, both at Home and Abroad, create Suspicions, which not only justify, but even call aloud for Inquiry *, which Inquiry must ne-ceflarily prove ineffectual, unless the proper Methods are taken to support it, of which we apprehend this Bill to be One; and a Proceeding so just that no innocent Man will desire to avoid it, and no guilty One ought to escape it: Moreover, the Reasons assigned by the Persons whose Behaviour gave Rife to this Bill, for refuting their Evidence is a sufficient Implication that it would affect the Earl of Orford, since they admit, it would affect themselves.

7thly, Because we conceive, that the rejecting this Bill may create great Dissatisfaction in the Nation, to the Diminution of the Credit, and consequently of the Authority, of this House, when the People find themselves dif appointed in their just Expectations of having a drift Inquiry made into the Conduct of the Earl of Orford, which they had so long called for in vain, and hoped they had at last obtained; groaning under the undiminished Load of National Debts and Taxes, notwithstanding a long Peace, trembling under the Terrors of multiplied Penal Laws, deploring their sacrificed Honour, and their neglected Interest: The Balance of Europe over-turned Abroad, and the Constitution endangered at Home: They call for Inquiry, they seek for Justice, they hope for Re-dress: The other House has taken the proper Steps to answer those Expectations; the Inquiry began there could only have been rendered effectual in One material Point by this Bill; which being rejected by this House, from whence they expect Justice and Redress, we fear, their blasted Hopes, which for a time may seem funk into a flavi(h Despondency, may at last break out into Disorders more easy, possibly, to foresee, than to remedy.

Denbigh Cobham,

Alesford, Oxford Mortimer,

Coventry, Abingdon,

Bedford, Greenwich

Chesterfield, Wfimor eland, Rockingham, R. Lincoln, Ailefbury, Ward,

Gower,

Dunk Halifax, Sandwich, Thanet, Northampton,

Carlisle, Bathurst, Berkshire, Craven, Lichfield, Foley,

Boyle, Falmouth, Beaufort, St. John, Shaftesbury.

Ordered, That the said Bill be rejected.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Lords refusing to concur with the Commons of Great Britain, in an Indemnification, necessary to the effectual carrying on the Inquiry now depending in Parliament, is an Obstruction to Justice, and may prove fatal to the Liberties of this Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers so, ,he Yess, { l&

Tel'ers for the Noes, {jj|; }

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose* House, toconsider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for taking, examining, and dating, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Paul Keating do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisj 2 8° die Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1742. Prayers.

\ N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act X"\. to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34, 35. To leave out " or making improper Settlements or Dispositions of his Estate.’*

In the Title of the Bill s

To

Motion touching the Lords Rejection of Bill respecting the Earl of Orford.

Call of the House

Colony of Georgia.

Public Ac coints of the Kingdom.

A Person ordered to attend.

Laws

respecting Rogues and Vagabonds, &c.

Brooke’s

Lunacy.

Itjt

t

t-.

Northey's ' Estate.

Roll’s

Estate.

Buck's

Estate.

Sclcft Parish Vestries.

15 Geo. II. |t>8 QMatts261

To leave dUf u kltening dr infeUlnbeHng fais Estate, on"

And the same Were, upon the Question fevefally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendmfehts, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stafyltoh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An irtgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Nor they, an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he (half fnarry, and their I flue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and for othCr Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tVinjord, Mr. Powney, Sir Charles Wyndhatn, Lord Sid. Beanelerk, Mr. Spencer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Lord Perceval, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hen. Batkurd, Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Packer, Mr. Motifon, Lord 'Strange, Mr. Martin, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Hi I If -horough, Mr. Tufnell, Sir William Corbett, Sir Cha. Mor-dnunt. Lord Palmerston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Plumer, Col. Powiett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Wilts, Somerset, Dorset, Lincoln, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt ' Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Lord Deerhurst, Sir Edmund Thomas, Srr Robert Long, Mr. Carter, Mr.' Popham, Sir James Grant, Mr Grant, Mr. Joint Stuart, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Roone, Mr. Spencer, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr. Carew, Lord Sid. Beautlerk, Lord Perceval, Mr. Williams, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Tyner, Sir Tho. Drury, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Tucker, Sir J. Hynde Cotton, Sir Fra, Dashwood, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Leaf hes. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Edwin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber1.

1 .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for affirming certain Estates in the County of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charley Buck Baronet, deceased, to the Trustees of Pulke Grevile Esquire, during fys Minority, to him and his f*id ;Xr(uftees, difcliaggad from the Equity of Redemption?, whiqli the Infant $on and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck, now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. . , . r

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill.to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That1 the Report from the Committee' t6 whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of thfc several Parishes of St. Martin ini he Fields, St. Anne, St. James, St. George Hanover-Square, and St. Margaret, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of the'mselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said respective Jfta-rishes was referred, relating to the said Parish of St. George V ol. 24*

Ha*ovet~S(juare, bfe taken into Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, SeWt P. That Leave be given to bring in a - Bill for the better Re- Vciirics. gulation of the Vestries of the Parishes of St. Martin, St.

Anne, St. James, St. Margaret, and Si. George Hanover-Square, within the City and Liberty of Westminster;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Ditto. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the betier Regulation of select Vestries, and Parish Officers;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes;^' Tu/Hitl.},6°-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Order' of the That the Orders of the Day be now read; v y to b?

The House divided. read*

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for be Yees,^"- }

Tellers for the Noes, j ». [ 118.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative, . 1

The Order of the Day being read, far taking into Election further Consideration the Report from the Committee Law>*

of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain.and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to rest rain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Relurning-Officers at such Elections, was committed,;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. *. ' " ' - :,; g

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. "

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chairof the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resume I the Chair.

ML Francis Fane reported from the Gbmmittee;That they had come to several Reflations, which they had directed him to ^port, when the; House will please to receive the same. - -u ‘

Ordered, That the Report be received upon < Mondhy Morning next. - p p)

Mr. Francis also acquainted the House^Thbt he was directed’ by the Committee to move, Tlhit^they ffi^y have Leave to fit against ‘

Resolved, That this Houfif will, upon Wednesday Moth- Ways

ing next, revive ufplLintp a Committee of the whole anc* Means. HouId, to cohfider furmerof Ways a.n.d Means for raisin^ 1 the Supply g|?nte^tY h^lVlajeiiy.,- !o, ", ,:

' /the other Orders ' of the Uay

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bilf for taking, examining, pobjjc and stating, the publick 'Accounts of rh^vKingdom^ be con is. iti»e read the Third time upon Monday Mornrng next;! Kingdom.

Ordered, That Paul Ideating do attefic^ thip House upon A p rfon Monday Morning next. ‘V7/ V; oidt-recto

' 1 * ' 1 '* attend.

... , . r , f -

Resolved, That this House will,’. upon Monday M rn- Invvs

ing next, resolve itself into a Qommtttee of jthe winkle ref. :-ai’?g

Hou'e, upon the Bill to explain and amend'an Act,

in the tjth Year of his Majesty’s Rcjgp, -intituled, A:i 00

Act for amending and enforcing the Laws reining to

Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and diforJeriy Per-

3 X

1

Westminster Bridge and Improvements.

Dr. Webster thanked.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Lucas’s

Estate.

Ffltilege,

262 48’ — 31 1744.

fons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament j and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna!) 31* d Mali;

Anno 15* Georgii IP' Regis, 1742.

Pray ers.

AB I L L for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls reposed in them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Webfier, for the Sermon by him preached

before this House, on Saturday lall, at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Gray, and Mr. do

acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectuat preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin: And that Mr. Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr.

Solicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchaseof an Estate contrafted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Limerick, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Drury, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Powney, Mr. Murray, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Wright, Mr. Owen, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Carter, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. 1 and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That Paul Keating attended, according to Order;

He was called in: And the Letter signed with his Name, and upon Tuesday last delivered in at the Table; and the counterfeited Frank, upon the Superscription thereof being shewn to him, he confessed, that the said Letter, and the Superscription thereof, and also the Frank thereupon, were of his Hand-Writing.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the said Paul Keating, having counterfeited the Hand-Writing of the Name of a Member of this House, upon a Letter, in Order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of an high Misdemeatior, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Paul Keating be, for his fa$ Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Mumgerf prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Time of Laoaticii. their being under Commissions of Lunacy: And that Mr,'Gybbon and Mr. Bathurst do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, to whom Robbing of the Bill for the more effectual punishing Persons, who Fish Pondi, shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, destroy, or ileal ke‘ any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews; and also Persons, who thall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock where Deer are usuallykept; was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir WatkinWilliams Wynne reported from the Com- Printing the

mitte?,appointed to consider of printing the Journals of Jottr"k this House, and to report their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered of the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report what appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame, together with the Appendix thereunto, was read; and is as follows.

The Committee, the better to enable them to judge of the Expediency and Utility of printing the Journals, directed your Clerk, Mr. Hardinge, to prepare, and lay before them, a State of the Condition of all the Journals now in his Custody.

Pursuant thereto, Mr. Hardinge delivered into your Committee his Report in Writing, wherein he gives an Account of the present Condition of all the said Journals, from the First Book called Seymour, which commences the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth; also, an Account what Journals appear to be now loft, with some Observacions regarding that Loss, and the future Preservation of the Journals; and likewise an Account of other Matters, which relate to several of the said Journals; Which Report is hereunto annexed, Appendix N° I.

Your Committee thereupon having directed several of the Journals to be brought before them, did find, upon Inspection, that some were almost illegible, and others in some Parts destroyed, or defaced by Mildew.

They then proceeded to take into Consideration the Amount of the Expence of printing the said Journals, what Additions might be necessary to render them more useful and perfect, and what might be the most proper Method of defraying the Expence of the whole Work.

Mr. John Grover, one of the Clerks in Mr. s

Office, being examined, said, That he had inspected all the Journal-Books in the Custody of your Clerk, and had computed what Number of Words was contained in One full Page of each Book, and having multiplied each Number of Words severally by the Number of the Pages of each Book, and added the Whole of those Numbers together, he found the same to produce 26,537,603 Words; and he delivered in to your Commirtee the whole Account of such Computation.

Mr. Samvel Richardson, Printer, being called before

your Committee, delivered in an Estimate of the Expence with regard to the Paper and Print requisite for printing 1,000 Copies of the Journals; which Estimate appears to be grounded on the preceding Calculation of Words.

And the same contains Two Computations made upon different Suppositions of the Journals being printed upon a Type and Page of such a Size as are therein severally

described;

i j Geo. II

31 Matt.

16 3

described; but your Committee seemed inclined to prefer of Mr Hakewit, forfherly a Member of the House of PHnting the the Specimen least expenhve of the Two; viz. That Commons, printed in 1659, intituled, "The Manner 'purn *' which describes the Print to be on a Page of the like " how Statutes are enacted in Parliament, by Passing of Dimension, and upon such a Type (Roman) as is used in " BillsThat the House of Commons had then no Jour-the last Edition of the Statutes at large: And upon this nal more antient; though, from the Antiquity and Duty Plan Mr. Kichardfoncomputes, that the whole Work will of the Clerk’s Office, it may be inferred, that Rcmem-

amount to the Number of 4,442 Sheets; which, allowing brances of the Proceedings of the House of Commons,

200 Sheets to a Volume, makes 24 Volumes and 22 in former Reigns, must have been entered in some Books,

Sheets, and the Addition of Indexes may extend the which are now loft.

fame to 23 Volumes. And it particularly appears, by an Act, made in the

That the Expence of printing 1000 Copies, of 200 Sixth Year of the Reign of the 8th, that such Re-Sheets for One Volume, estimated at 3or. per Sheet, membrances were then made; that Act forbidding the amounts to £.300. and the Paper requisite for that Num- Members of the House to depart, or absent themselves, ber is 400 Ream, made peifeft for printing; which (sup- from the Parliament, without Licence of the Speaker posing it to be fine English Demy of i$s.per Ream Va- and Commons, entered of Record in the Book of the lue). will cost £.300. Clerk of the Parliament appointed for the Commons

So that the Expence of Paper and Print for One Vo- House, upon Pain of losing their Wages, lume is £.600. The next Journal is a Book called Onslow (from the

Which for 23 Volumes amounts to £.13,800. Name of the Clerk who succeeded Seymour), beginning

But there is besides, the Charge of Copy for the Press, the Second Day of April, 13 Eliz. and ending the 17th the Charge of reviling the Press, and drawing up proper March 23 Eliz. This Journal is more fairly written, and Indexes, (s1c.of which no Estimate is made. more accurate, than The Journals of all the

For the further Information of the House, your Com- succeeding Parliaments, in that Queen’s Reign, are now mittee have annexed the above Estimate to their Report loft; though it appears by the Preface to Sir (Appendix N* II.), together with an Explanation of some Dews's Journal of all the Parliaments during her Reign, Parts thereof, as delivered in by Mr. Richardson:And, and also from Mr. s Preface before-mentioned,

Mr. Richardson, being further examined, said. Sup- that Journals of the House of Commons in all the Parlia-posing no more than 600 Copies of the Journals wereal- ments of Queen Elizabeth'% Reign were then extant, lowed to be printed, in that same the Expence would be The printed Journals therefore of all her Parliaments, reduced to £.10,120. but that the Cost of each single collected by Sir Simonds Dews, and the printed Journals Volume would, if 600 Copies only were printed, amount of her Four last Parliaments, collected by Mr.

to 14J. id. and by printing toooo Copies the same would are valuable Supplements to the original Journals, and be reduced to ns.^ have been quoted as Authorities (if my Memory does Hereupon your Committee came to the following Re- not fail me), in several Reports from Committees ap-solution; viz. ' pointed to iearch Precedents.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, This Loss of antient Journals is imputed by Mr. Hake-That all the Books of the Proceedings or Journals of the wit in his Preface before-mentioned, to the " Want of House of Commons, now in the Custody of the Clerk " a proper Provision for the safe preferring of them, an* of the said House, and commencing with the Book " fwerable to that which the Lords have, whose Clerk called Seymour, winch begins with the Reign of King " hath a House belonging to him, and his Successors,

Edward the Sixth, be printed. " where all their Records are kept to Poftenty."

With regard to such Additions and other necessary The Present Repository of the Journals is indeed more Works, which may render the Journals more useful and convenient than it was formerly (the Office Room, near perfect, and to the Method of defraying all the Expences the Houre> having been enlarged some Feet, and that of the whole Work, Mr. Hardingeacquainted your Com- and other Rooms hav, ng been firted UP w,th good Wain-

mittee, that he desired Leave to offer some Matters to scot for the Reception of the Journals and Papers

their Confederation by way of Proposal: And being belonging to the House):

heard in relation thereto, he was directed by the Com- ®ut tb*s Office Room is still so little, and lo dark, mittee, to reduce into Writing the Substance of what that neither the Members nor the Clerk can conveniently he had proposed. confuit the Journals in it.

\ Accordingly, he afterwards presented to your Commit- And it has lately been made more dark, by the Erection tee, a Proposal in Writing; and the same is hereunto of a Chimney against one of the Buttresses of the House; annexed, Appendix N*III. which Chimney also may add to the Danger of Fire, to

Upon the Whole, the Committee came to the follow- which the Journals are now exposed; and an Accident, ing Resolutions. which happened not long ago during the Recess of Par-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, liament, has given me Reason to fear the Possibility of That One thousand Copies of the said Journals be printed future Damage to the Journals, when they are not under by the Appointment and under the Di rest ion of Nicho- the immediate Care of the Clerk; as the Journals of the

las Hardinge El quire', Clerk of the House of Commons, House of Lords are.

the same not to exceed Thirty Volumes, with a'proper And if I may be allowed, on this Occasion, to take Preface and Index to each Volume; and a general Pre- Notice of what regards myself; I beg Leave to observe, face and Index to the Whole. that the Clerk, when he is most at Leisure to confuit the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Journals, is, by the necessary Distance of his House from That a proper Recdmpence be made to the said Nicholas his Office, restrained from making the proper Use of Hardinge, for the Loss of Fees, which he and his Office them, either for his own Information, or the Service of

will sustain by printing the said Journals.

the House.

364

31° Mali.

A.

1742.

Printing: the rogative of the Crown and the Liberty of the Subject, journal*. they seem worthy of very great Regard.

And many of their Defects may probably be supplied' by the Help of antient Copies: And there are also in the Clerk’s Custody Duplicates of the Journals of the ift and 21st Year of his Reign, which, being collated, may supply the Defect of each other.

The Journals of the Reign of King Charles the First, till the Year 1640, are as ill written and as ill preferred, but contain likewise the Minutes of many memorable Passages: The Practice of entering Heads of Speeches in the Journals wasdiscontinued soon after the Beginning of that Reign; though the Proceedings and Debates of the House of Commons, in 1628, collected by Sir Hhomas Crew, were published in the Year 1707 by John Park-bur ft Esquire, his Grandson, in which, the Heads of many Speeches are inserted.

From the Year 1640 to the End of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, the Journals of the House are generally more legible and correct; though a few of them are in some Parts impaired, and have been damaged by Mildew, particularly the Convention Journal of 1660, and that of the 22d and 23d of Charles the 2d.

On the 5th of May 1698 a Committee, appointed to search Precedents, having reported, that many Journals of the House before the Year 1685 were much worn, ill written, and without any Indexes; the following Order was made.

Ordered, That all the Journals of this House, until " the Year 168 j, be fairly transcribed, and Indexes made,

" by the Clerk, of the journals so transcribed, with References to the Folios of the original Books; and that u it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of the " Treasury to pay the Charge thereof/'

In consequence of this Order, all the Journals before 1685 were copied (except the Journals between the 14th of March 1642 and the Restoration), but without Indexes; and these Copies remain now in my Custody \ but ajre very erroneous; as are all the Copies of the antient Journals which I have ever compared with thd Originals.

The Journals between the 14th of March and the Restoration not having been copied, pursuant to the said ‘ Order; that Omission, together with the Tradition concerning them, and the Name by which they have been called, and also the Manner in which they have been kept, being Circumstances, which affect their Authority 5 I beg Leave to lay before the Committee the Result of my Inquiry concerning that Matter.

After the Restoration, upon the 14th of March 13 Car. 2di, a Committee was appointed u to look into all " the Journals of the Long Parliament, since his late Majesty departed from London, till the Dissolution " thereof, and to make a Report of what they should " think fit to be expunged thereout, as treasonable and " scandalous to his Majesty and his Royal Father of " blessed MemoryBut no Report appears tohave been made from that Committee.

I beg Leave further to observe, That the King departed from London the 10th of January 1641, and :afteF wards pafikd several Acts by Commission; not t^ mention the King’s subsequent Treaties with the Commons as a House of Parliament. , j .!

And the said King being restrained by ab.Ad,-which he consented, from dissolving or proroguing.'the Parliament, without the Concurrence.of the Twq Houses; I am humbly of Opinion, That that Parliament was never deemed tohave been dissolved before the King’s Death.

And it was pretended at least by iome Persons after the Restoration, that the Long Parliament was not differed, even by the King’s Death; anjei therefore, for preventing Disputes concerning the atfembling of the.Restoration Parliament, it was by a declaratory Law enacted, That the Long Parliament was fully ditfolved and determined; though the Ad does not mention the Time, when the same was fully ditfolved and determined.

them, to be In Fad razed or expunged except in some Places, where the Clerk has corrected his own Errors, or the House has directed an Obliteration (ason the jth and 25th of January 1659), nor does any Order of the House appear to me to have been made for razing or expunging the m.

I beg Leave further to observe. That, if any Razure of tfoofe Journals had been ordered, the same would probably have actually been made, as was done in the same of the Entries relating to the East India Company 22d February 1669, and in some other Instances.

But these Journals (as I have been informed by Mr. Hamlyn, who has been many Years a Clerk in my Office) were (before the present Office was fitted up) kept in Prefles in the Court of Wards, separate from the other Journals (which were kept in the Clerk’s Office); and, when the Court of Wards was rebuilt they were removed into another Place; and, when the Court of Requests

was rebuilt, they were again removed into the Rcorns

Thele Journals (though called, as 1 am informed, raxed or expunged Journals) do not appear, upon the View of *3

over the Long Gallery, where they have remained since that time.

But I must also observe, That the Titles of all these Journals under the Head of Journals beginning in 1640 are entered in Two Inventories, preserved in my Office, and made, as i am informed, by Mr Jodrell, when he was first appointed Clerk, which happened, as I am informed, in the Year 1684.

And having inquired, in what manner the Journals of the House of Lords, between the King’s Departure from London and his Death, are preserved, I find, that they are all pFeferved in the Parliament Office with the other Journals, without any Distinction.

I beg Leave further to observe. That it appears, from a Report made the 10th Day of July 15 Car. 2di, that Extracts from the Journals of the 23d Day of May and 22d of June 1649 are reported from the Committee appointed to insped the Act for the Confirmation of judicial Proceedings; which Journals are in that Report called M Journals of the pretended House of Commons " in the Year 1649/’'

And having inquired, whether the said Act for confirming judicial Proceedings did invalidate the Authority of these Journals, I have perused the said Act; and I find; that the judicial Proceedings thereby confirmed are fuel* only as were subsequent to the First of May 1642; but, though in several Clauses.of the said Act all Authority derived under any pretended House of Commons after the King’s Death seems to be condemned, as an Usurpa-tion, yet I cannot discover, that any Parliamentary Proceedings since the ift Day of May 1642, and before the King’s Death, are thereby annulled.

And I also beg Leave further to observe, that the last of the Journals, allowed to be authentic, ends the 14th of March 1642, long after the Time of the King’s Departure from London, and many Months after the said ill of May, 1642.;

In the Journals after the Year 1685 the Proceedings of the Hyqie are more fully and carefully entered; and the Practice of Pricing the Votes has very much ^01* tribgted (q that. Accuracy; though there arpio these Journals feme Qipi&uis^as well as;tyliftakes (many of which may be rectified by the Minute-Book? of this House, qt by th^rinted Yot$sriQr.by origjpal Papers); as, forjn-stance, in* the Ypar, 1714* ig the same of a Report from the Committee of Privileges anc^pUpdions touching tile Eiedion for Weymouth and Mel comb Jftegis; in which Cafe, all the intermediate Proceedings of the House between the Entry of the Report and the Order for amending the Return are intirely omitted in the Journal. 1

There are also fome1 Chaims, which may be filled up by the Heip of the Journals of the House of Lofds.

And the printed Journal of the Parliament in 1678-9 (which1 is called in the Tide, a‘true Copy) contains'all the Proceedings of the House upon the King’s not approving Sir Edward Seymour to be Speaker; which in

the original Journal-Book are intirely omitted.

The

Mail 265

Betides the Charges of reviling the Press, drawing up Printing the Indexes, Copy for the Press, (Ac. as above-mentioned. Journal*.

15 Geo. II. 31*

The. Proceedings of the House in the Choice of the Speaker 1 and 2 Act. are also intirely omitted; and there are several Blanks in the Narrative of the Choice of the Speaker in 1727: I have endeavoured, though in vain, to procure Materials for completing those Entries.

The Razures which appear in the Journal 1669, in the same of the East India Company, weredirested by Order of the House, upon the King’s Recommendation.

In this Account of the Journals of the Hou/e, I include the Convention Journal in 1660; that Journal having been constantiy preserved among the other Journals of the House; and the publick Acts of that Convention having been confirmed by the next Parliament.

And for the same Reason I include the Journal of the Convention, at the Time of the Resolution, and also the Journal of the Assembly, which directed the Calling of that Convention; those Journals having been likewise fb preserved, and that Convention of the Lords and Commons having been declared by Law to be the’Two Houses of Parliament.

Not having received the Directions of the Committee to prepare any Scheme for printing the Journals, I shall not presume to make any Calculation of the Expence, which rauft attend that Work: 1 shall only beg Leave to acquaint the Committee, that I am intitled by virtue of my Office, which is granted to me for my Life, to several Fees for Searches into the Journals and for Copies of them; which Fees must be very inconsiderable, if the House should think fit to order the Journals to be printed: I therefore hope, that, if any Profit shall arise from such Publication, I may be thought not unworthy of receiving lbme Recompence for my Loss, and for the Pains which I must necessarily, and shall willingly, take in preparing the Work for the Press. N. Hardings, CP Dom* Com'.

The Journals of the Honourable House of Commons, according to Mr. Grover's Computation, contain 26,537,603 Words; which, on a Type, and such a Size Page as Dr. Wilkin's Councils, will make 7,072 Sheets. And these will make 35 Vol. 72 Sheets, at 200 Sheets to each Volume.

But on the same Type, and such a Size Page as the Statutes at large, the Journals will make but 4,42 2 Sheets; which, at 200 Sheets to a Volume, as above, will make 22 Volumes 22 Sheets.

So that with Indexes, cic. the Journals printed on the larger Type may be supposed to make 36 Volumes.

On the Idler Type, viz. that of the Statutes, with the Indexes, (Ac. 23 Volumes.

The Expence of Printing on the larger Type may be computed at about 2 35. per Sheet, N* 1000; £.

so that 200 Sheets (One Volume) will be - 230

Paper may be bought from 12 s. to 20 s. per Ream: But foppose fine English Demy, made (a) perfect for Printing, at 15 s. per Ream. Two Reams will make the N°

1000, (on one Sheet;) for 200 Sheets, 400 Reams, will amount to - - - 300

Printing and Paper for One Volume of aoo

Sheets will amount to - - - - 530

And for the whole 36 Volumes, on the larger Type ----- 19,080

But then there must be added the Charge of the Copy for the Prels.

The Charge of reviling the Press by the proper Officer.

The Charge of drawing up the Indexes, (Ac.

The Expence of Printing on the lesser Type, [viz. that of the Statutes) may be computed at 30s.per Sheet, which for 200 Sheets (One Volume) will be£. 300

The Charge of Paper the same as in the other,

for 400 Reams - - - 300

Printing and Paper for One Volume - 600

And for the whole 23 Volumes - 13*800

Vol. 24.

(a) N.B. Paper is usually sold by the Maker with Two outsideQuires, generally foul and bad, to each Ream, and the 18 good Quires run but 24 Sheets to the Quire: By the Words Perfect for Printing is therefore meant the Two bad Quires changed for good, and the whole 20 Quires, of which the Ream con-fists, made to run 25 Sheets to each Quire, by which means One Ream makes 500 Sheets in Tale.

The Statutes at large in Six Volumes contained 1281 Sheets;

That is about 214 Sheets in each Volume, one with another*

There were 1500 printed, and the Subscrip- £. s. tion Price unbound, was - - - 11 11

Eight were given to those who subscribed for Seven; which, to Subscribers, reduced the Price to about £.10. 2s. 6d. in Quires; i.e. to£.i. 131. 9d. each Volume.

The Six Volumes now fell for 13 or 16 Pounds.

The Seventh Volume*, lately published, is fold, unbound; or in Quires, to Gentlemen, at £. 1. 14 r. and contains only 134 Sheets.

Paper at 15 s. per Ream, will be better Paper than that on which the Statutes are printed.

The Cost of Paper and printing One Vol. of the Journals, confiding of 200 Sheets, N° 1000, on the Type and Size of the Statutes (as set forth) at Thirty Shillings per Sheet, will be £, 600.

Which comes to 121. per Volume.

But if there be no extraordinary Attendance or Trouble attending the Copy, Indexes, Revifai of the Press, tAc. the Printing may come somewhat cheaper still than 30 s. per Sheet, or in the larger Type than 23 s.

So that if the Copy for the Prels, the Reviling of the Press, the Drawing up the Indexes, (Ac. should amount to 8 s. per Vol. it will be produced to the Publick at zos. per Vol. unbound, at the above Rate of Printing and Paper, which is near 14/. cheaper in each Volume than the Statutes were allowed for to Subscribers, though 1500 was printed, and Ricliardson's Computation of the Journals is made at N° 1000 only: For it must be observed, that the larger the Number printed, the cheaper it may be afforded to the Publick. I 3

To the Committee appointed to consider of printing the Journals of the House of Commons.

A Computation having been made by Mr. Richardson (a Printer, in whose Skill and Integrity I can confide) that the Journals of the House of Commons, Indexes included, will make 23 Volumes in Print, 2ood Sheets in each Vol. to be printed in Two Columns, upon a Page of the same Size as that on which the last Edition of the Statutes at large is printed, and in a Character of the same Size as the Roman Letter used in that Edition, but upon much better Paper, viz. fine English Demy, worth at least 15 s. each Ream;

And the Expence of Paper and of the Press (besides the Charge of the Copy for the Press, the Charge of reviling the Press by the proper Officer, and the Charge of drawing iip Indexes, (Ac.) being computed by him to amount, if iooood Copies be printed, to 13,800. and if 6ood only be printed, to £.10,120.

I humbly propose, if the House shall intrust me with the Publication of this Work, to publish the same with all possible Expedition, upon the Conditions and in thfc Manner following:

1 ft. I humbly hope, from the Equity and Favour of the House, to receive a present Recompence for the Loft, which I must immediately sustain by an Order for printing the Journals, and for the great Pains, which I must necessarily take in settling the Text of the antjent Journals (impaired, as they are, and, in some Places, almost illegible) in supplying tht Defects of all the Journals, by

3 Y the

z66

Printingihc the bed Authorities; in preparing a Preface to each Journals. Vol.; in making proper Annotations; in drawing up an Index to each Vol.*; with particular References to the Rules and Orders of the House; in the Addition of fotne useful and instructive Reports, and other Papers, presented to the House, though not entered in the Journals; and, When the whole Work shall be finished, in compiling a general Preface and Index to the Whole.

2dly, If it shall be determined, that the Work be printed intirely at a publick Expence, and that no more than 6ood Copies thereof be so printed; 1 hope to be enabled, by the Advancement of a competent Proportion of the whole Expence, to contract for Paper, and to defray such Charges as will immediately be necessary; and to receive, upon the Delivery of each Volume to every Member, a proportionable Part of the remaining Expence of Faper and Print: And, in order to provide a Number of Copies, to be sold to future Members at moderate Prices,

I propose, that xooood Copies be printed; the Charge of printing 6ood only to be paid in the Manner before-men-x tioned, and the remaining 40od to be sold to every future Member at zos. or i Guinea each Volume^and to every other Person at 30 s. or 1 Guinea and Half; which last Price is considerably less, than that, for which voluminous Works of the like Cost (as to Paper and Print) are usually sold by Booksellers, even in Cafes, where a much larger Number of Copies than xooood have been printed.

This Scheme of printing iooood, instead of 6ood> will lessen the Charge of the 6ood Copies, supposed to be printed at a public Expence; inasmuch as each Volume, if 6ood only be printed, will, according to Mr. Richardson's Computation, cost 141. and 8 </., and, if iooood be printed, will cost 12 s. only.

3dly, If it shall be thought proper, that Part only of the Expence be paid in the Manner before-mentioned, and that iooood Copies be printed; the Editor will thereby be enabled to fell each Volume to every present Memlw at a Price proportionably less, and to every future Member at the Price of 20 s. or at 1 Guinea, and to every other Person at 30s. or 1 Guinea and Half.

4thly, But if no Part of the Expence of Paper and Print be paid in the Manner before-mentioned, it is proposed, that Subscriptions be taken, in order to enable me to judge what Number I may venture to publish; and also to enable me to defray the great Charge, which will be immediately necessary; each Volume to be delivered to every subscribing Member at £. 1. 5 s. o d. and to every other Subscriber at 3$*.; One-fourth of the Price to be paid at the Time of subscribing, and a proportionable Part of the remaining Jths to be paid upon the Delivery of each Volume; which last Price of 35 s. is less than what other voluminous Works, more generally demanded, and consequently more vendible, yet printed upon Paper of no greater, if not less. Value, have been usually fold for by Booksellers.

I beg Leave to observe, that though Mr. Richardson's Calculation supposes, that the Journals will, in Print, make 23 Vol.; yet, as Prefaces, Annotations, Supplements, and Appendixes, will be also necessary, the Number of Volumes will probably be greater; which will proportionably increase the Charge; as, on the other hand, if they make less than 23 Voi., the Charge will be proportionably abated.

And it must be observed, that the Profit arising from the Sale of such Books, as shall not be immediately disposed of, will be considerably diminished by several incident Charges; not to mention the Hazard of Fire, and other Accidents.

And it is also to be observed, that it may be a long Time, before all the Copies, which shall be reserved for future Purchasers, will be fold.

It is not doubted, but that the House will effectually . restrain the printing or felling of any Edition of the Journals, or any Abridgment thereof, or any Collections therefrom, which shall not be warranted by their own Order.

N. Hardinge,

CL Dom. Com.

A. 1742.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting after the Word " printed," and before the Word <CJ>y," these Words, u for the Use of the Members of this House and the same was, upon she Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution, so amended;

That One thousand Copies of the said Journals be printed for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons (the same pot to exceed Thirty Volumes), with a proper Preface and Index to each Volume, and a general Preface and Index to the Whole.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. j

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to order the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced to Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards enabling him to print the Journals of this House; and likewise the further Sum of One thousand Pounds, as a Recompence to the said Nicholas Hardinge for the Lois of Fees, which he, and his Office, may sustain by printing the said Journals; and to assure his Majesty,. that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Journals be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker: And that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

hurfton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of repealing a Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas ^ccdsM*/" Duke of heeds with Mary his now Wife, and for qjeat- Ct ing a new Power instead thereof; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Offices and to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- £mpk>y-selves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aston-for dividing and inclosing, letting out and allotting, £dofm certain common Fields and Inclosures within the Manor nc ure’ and Parish of Aston-Cantlow, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sutton for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be ^closure. made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet,

Lord of the Manor, and Doctor Crane, Rector of the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure.of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing to the said lledtor an Equivalent for his Tythes arising in the said Parish of Sutton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Brooke’s this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Sir Lunacy’ Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from aliening or incumbering his Estate, or marrying, during his Lunacy.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from an^J£n* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was an 1 can*

referred

310 M

15 Geo. II.

310 Maiu

267

referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds per Centum per Amum> transferable at the Bank of England, redeemable by Parliament; or by Loans; the said Annuities* or Loans, to be charged upon, and secured by, the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, qommonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, which jvas to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the lirft, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence o the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the loth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, m?ide in the Ith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 2cth Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 8th Year i>f his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon BeaverSkins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to tingle Damages; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes, exported; which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act, made in the nth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and, by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two last Clauses in an >\d, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned; for more effectually preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs, to be exported; which said Clauses. were, by an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force to the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Sext Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, &nd fit to be continued!

Vol. 24.

Refohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ym* That the Clause contained in an Act, made in the 9th an Mcan$* and 10th Years, of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa \ for allowing, during a limited Time, a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and which Clause, after the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act: made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also the Proviso in the said last Ad contained, That no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been, or should be, imported from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only; and which laid Clause and Proviso, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued for Fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Resolution be re-committed 5

The House was moved, That the Second Section of an Act, made in the 14th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1741; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tio and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and for-appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, loft, burnt, or ot her wife deft royed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put. That the said Resolution ' be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then (he said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Compton, Sir John RuJhout>Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scropey Mr. Legge, and M*. Henry Archery do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of- the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Exportation resolve Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Wooj. consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cullmp-tony in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Cctasideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Election ing next, take into further Consideration the Report from Law*, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct; of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed.

Ordered9

86. 118.

4

2.68 3 \° Maii. — x° Juni. A. 1742.

Public Ac- Ordered\ That the ingrossed Bill for taking, examining,

count* of the and dating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be Kingdom. reacj the Thjrd time Tomorrow Morning.

Lawsreipc&* Resolved, That this House will, To-mowow Morning,

ing Rogues resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, bowdi* upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And f Duke of An ingrossed Bill front the Lords, intituled, An Act Leeds Mar- for repealing i Power in the Marriage Settlement of Tho-weut Set^c~ *ias Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for BKnt‘ creating a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And theli the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, i° die Junii;

‘ Anno 15* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

‘Prayers.

S53«~ HTHE Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Se-Orford’s creiy, acquainted the House, That he was directed Conduct. by the Committee to apply to the House, to examine, in the most solemn Manner, Benjamin Keene Esquire, a Member of this House.

Mr. Keeney in his Place, declared, That he was ready to attend the Committee, and to be examined in the most solemn Manner.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Philipps presented to the House, according to Poor Relief. Order, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabetky intituled,

An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Public Ac-Read ing of the ingrossed Bill for taking, examining, and ^"gdom. Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read the Third time:

And the Names of the Commissioners were, upon the Question put thereupon, inserted in a Blank left in the Bill for that Purpose.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill yviz.

Pr. 6. L. 1.To leave out the Words <c One thousand," and to insert " Five hundred" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words<c One <c thousand" stand Part of the Bill;

It was refoived in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tht Yas.J' . j 66.

Telle, for he Noes,{^ g*?"* J

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Anforef Address of Yesterday, had been presented to his Majesty; to and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Rogues and *° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vagabonds, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the *c* Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erefting7, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; be now read:

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Hopkins's enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkinsy Name, and his Dependents, to take and use the Surname of Probytiy pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the 'whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by. the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tbij House will. Tomorrow Morning^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Annuities,’ to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, Ac. to be raised by Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England*, or by Loans; which Annuities, or Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fupd: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mama e Mr. tybbrm presented to the House, according to of Lunatics. Order, a Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Time of their being under Commission9 of Lunacy: And the same was received and read the First time.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Colony of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Georgia* the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf gf, the People of Georgia in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, that they* had further heard Counsel, and had also heard some other Evidence, on the Part of the Petitioner; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, at Twelve of the Clock (and nothing to intervene), resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Exportation ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Wool, to considerfurther of the Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Customp-tony in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered,

15 Ge6.il l — i* $6$

Ordered, That the Lord Gage have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And Hopkins’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his Dependents, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° Junii;

Anno 15' Georgii IIdl Regis, 174a. Prayers.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing any Stealing Cloth or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or ^oth> Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away tn the Night-time, was read the Third time.

The Amendment Following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 17. Before "City/* to insert <c Riding>

" Division, Liberty -

And the same was, Upoh the Questionpiit thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the kill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away iil the Night-time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Qualification w Justices*

Lats*

respectinir Hogues and Vagabonds.

Petition of a Person committed lor Discharge.

Supply Bill; Kaifing At -Duitie*, &c.

AB I L L for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo!vedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoiye itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hpufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif-erderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; be fton* read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, That they - had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said

A Petition of Paul Keating, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for his Crime of having counterfeited the Hand-writing of the Name ofa Member of this House, upon a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Pollage; and begging Pardon of the House, and promising never to incur their Displeasure by any future Offence: And praying, That the House will, in Consideration of his distressed Circumstances, admit that lie may be released from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Paul Keating be brought to* the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, to be raised by Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; Or by Loans; which Annuities, or Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee-of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlrlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

V ol. .24.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to Punishing whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for Persons Sc* explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more ef- T0yin5ices; feftual, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully, and &£rnpi maliciously puli down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, of Locks, of other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry feicefrom his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directl.y to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britniny and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h;s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confix deration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual punishing fobbing 6f Persons, who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, de- P°nds> stroy, or steal, any Fish kept in Ponds or Stews: and &c* also Persons, who shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, the Pales or Walls of any Park or Paddock, where Deer are usually kept; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual punishing Persons, who shall unlawfully and maliciously kill, poison, destroy, or steal, any Fish kept in Ponds, Pits, or Stews; and for preventing the unlawful taking of Fish out of any River,

Brook, or Watercourse.

Ordered, That'Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the floule to ^rays resolve itself into a Committee of the! whole House, to and Meaci; consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; , /

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Cambricks from Christmas 1727, to Christx mas 1740, inclusive; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambricks exported during the said Time; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported to the British Plantations from that Part of Great Britain called Scoilandy from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1741, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens' imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scottandy from Foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmcti 3Z 174Of

270

4® — 36 f unit. A. 1742*

1740, inclufrve; distinguistrirtg.each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Foreign Linens ex-» sported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, toC/;r$-mas 1740, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon; be referred to the f^jd Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Method of /ecu ring the Duty of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, and encouraging the Importation thereof.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duty payable on Quick-silver, taken as Prize by any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-fnittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Election The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-Laws ther Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Northey^ Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord

Estate. tyrti. Powlett, Mr. IVebjler, Sir James Grant, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Walker, Mr. Geo. Cooke, Mr. T. Wynne, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Prattf Mr. Southwell, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Edwin, *Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Piers, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Boone, Mr. Philips, Mr. Leathes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Spencer, Sir Charles Wyndham, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Cornwall Mr. Powlett, Mr. Jot life, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingvoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Wm. Northey, an Infant, tp settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any M^oman he shall marry, and their Issue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 30 die;

Anno 13* Georgii II4'1 Regis, 1742, ,. Prayers.

A Person reprimanded and discharged.

f> All L Keating was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Counterfeit- Mr. Arundel presented to the* House, according to Or-Ing Com. a gj|| for more effectual preventing the Counter-

feiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the Uttering or Paying of false or counterfeit Coin: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impowerthe Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate, during the Minority of his Son Sir John Pole, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed. a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of James Walsingham Esquire* dc- ham’sEiUte* ceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, and Cambridge, for railing Money to discharg? the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con- currenceof this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of James Walsingham El quire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, Effiex, Norfolk, and Cambridge, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes 1

therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Marriage of Time of their being under Commissions of Lunacy, was Lunaticks. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That f he Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seveq-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplygranted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the 24th Day of June 11742, a further Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence be laid on the Half-piece of Cambrick, containing $ix Ells and an Half, and Five Shillings and Eight Pence upon the whole Piece of Cambrick, containing Thirteen Ells, to be imported JxpX.0 Great Britain.,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty be granted to his Majesty f^r the Term of Seven Years, and from thenc.e to the End of the then next Session-of Parliament. ~ r. . r

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Quicksilver, taken as Prize by any of his Majesty’s Subjects, and brought into this Kingdom, be liable to pay the like Customs and Duties as the same would be liable to pay, if it were imported directly from the Place of its growth, and no more.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the permitting Rum, or Spirits, of the Produce of the British Plantations, to be landed before the Payment of the Duties thereon, and lodging the same in Ware-houses till such Duties are paid, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, willbeanEafe to the Importers, and will encourage the Importation thereof.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon! agreed to by the House. '

The House was moved, That the Resolutjons reported. Encouraging upon the 25 th Day of May last, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of anu the Petition of the subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and others, Dealers in the ManufactureS of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, in behalf of themselves, and the Manufacturers of Linens in the said Kingdoms; and also of the several other Petitions referred to

the

Pyle’s

Estate.

Walfing-

'r

Xi

3

r,

n

ft

15 Geo. II. 3" — 4"

the Consideratioa of the said CotAmittee; which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House; might be againt read:

And the said Resolutions being read accordingly,;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolutions last read; and also upon the First and Second Resolutions of the Comfnittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, this Day reported, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Francis Fans, Mr. Hooper, the Lord Limerick, Mr. Buchanan, Sir Charles Gi/mour, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Murray . of Philip-Haitgh, Mr. Archibald Stuart, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Scot, Mr. Banes, Mr. Drummond, the Lord John Murray, and the Lord George Graham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That it be ail Instruction to the Committee Ruling An- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his uitiei, &c. Majesty a certain Sum, to be raised by Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England; or by Loans; which Annuities, or Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; is committed. That they have Power to receive aClause, pursuant to the Third Resolution of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, this Day reported, and agreed to by the House.

Landing of Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the laftRefo-

Rum, kc. lution of the said Committee, this Day reported, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Sir John Rushout, and Mr. Drax, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Inquiry into The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secrcfy, Earl of acquainted the House, That he was directed by the

Coi^a Committee to apply to the House, that they might be at

* Liberty to examine, in the moll foie mo Manner, John Scrope Esquire, a Member of this House.

Mr. Scrope; in his Place, declared, that he submitted to attend the Committee* and to be examined in the most solemn Manner.

Ponifliing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking in-Eerfomde- to Consideration the Report from the Committee, to J°7inS whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for ^oinpi es, explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectyal, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his, Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was Committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the fold Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning*

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Raising An- resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon nuities, &c. t^e gj}i for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, to be Vol. 24*

Junii. i

raised by Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England; or by Loans; which Annuities,* or Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fund;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for exempting the Royal Family from Fees and Taxes for any Annuities, or yearly Payments, granted unto them, or any of them, by his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction t.p the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itTelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frauds Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; -when the House will please to receive Lhe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

T/ittrfton

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mice* to impower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty, or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House of Cor- oifendersi redtion of the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Liberty or Corporation is fiiuate, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Certain Offi*. to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the cers excluded House of Commons, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gold Lnce, to prevent the Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace,. &c. Mami-and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Sil- ^durci; ver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold, and Silver Thread; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Eawa ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend Vagabonds; an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Ma- &c, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Hcoifea of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 4.0 die Junii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIal Regis* 1742* '

Pra Vers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Pole’* the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, E*h»te; intituled, An Act to impower the Trusteesnamed in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet; deceased, to makes Leases of Part of his Estate, during the Minority of his Son Sir John Pole:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!:

Pr. 5. Li 43. After <€ said," insert " John Lord Pott-€k lett and after " Stuckey leave out hath," and

insert u have

Pr. 6. L. 1 and 2. Leave out " hath," and insert 4C have;*’ and after " by," leave out " Deed under his

Hand

ZJl

4* Junii.

A. ij42.

15-

14.

36.

3 9-

orthey’s Estate.

fapci» re-

I petting the Convention with Spain, &c.

" Hand and Seal," and inhead thereof, insert " distinct " Deeds under their respective Hands and’Seals

L. J and 4. Leave out the Words " John Lord " Poulett

Leave out " JohnhoxA Poulett Leave out " Survivors and :"

Leave out " Hands," and insert 4< Hand:" Leave out " John Lord Poulett Pr. 7. L. 2 and 3. Leave out " John Lord Poulett t i. Leave out " John Lord Poulett 13. Leave out ** Survivors and Pr. 8. L. 32. Leave out " John Lord Poulett 34. Leave out " Survivors or :"

Pr. 9. L. n. Leave out " John Lord Poulett:"

12. Leave out " Survivors and :"

21. After "would," insert "for the Time

1 being i"

25. Leave out " John Lord Poulett And a Deed, whereby the Right Honourable John Lord Poulett, One of the said Trustees, had renounced his Trust, being produced, and read;

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with an Amendment to One of them: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Win ford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Nor they, an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he shall marry, and their I flue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

1 Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he had received ills Majesty’s Commands to lay before the House, pursuant to their Address of the 20th of May lad. Copies of all the Powers, instrudions, Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Convention concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N. S.; and also, Copies of such of the Memorials, Letters, and Papers relating to the said Convention, since the Signing thereof till the Declaration of the War against Spain; as there has been Time to prepare.

Mr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, That he was further ordered to say. That'Copies of the Remainder of the said Papers are preparing with the utmost Diligence, and will be laid before the House as soon as pof-lible.

And Mr. Comptroller printed to the House the Copies of the said Papers, which he had received his Majesty's Commands no.v to lay before this House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of Secresy.

Church, or hath not tak£n his Degree of Doctor of Divinity, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, for the future, no Person, except the Chaplain of this House, be recommended to preach before this House, who is under the Dignity of a Dean in the Church, or hath not taken his Degree of Doctor of Divinity.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach The Chap, before this House, at Saint Margaret*s Westminster, upon lain to preach Friday the 1 ith Day of this instant June, being the An- on nth June, niverlary of his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Railing An-granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, to be raised by nuilic8>*c* Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; or by Loans; which Annuities,'or Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,’be ingrossed.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Exportation dress be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graci- Wool, ously pleased to cause strict and immediate Orders to be given, for the effectual putting in Execution the Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Wool or Yarn from Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

Xeeomnrrn-dation oi

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 41 fV Day of January 1699, That, for the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Duke of repealing a Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Leeds’s Mata Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for creating

a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Levinz, Mr.,

Arundel, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wimington, Mr. Win-.

Jord, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr.

Carew, Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hay, Mt.

Bayntcn Rolt, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Wilktnfon, Mr.

Drummond, Lord diaries Hay, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Walker, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Bligh, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Walker, Lord Strange,

Mr. Philipps, Sir Walter Bagotl, Sir Edward Turner,

Lord Deerhurst, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Brere ton. Lord Hiljborough, Mr. Archer, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Hugh Smiihfon, Mr. Man-fel, Mr. Drax, Mr. Pitt, Sir John St. Anbin, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Prowfc, Lord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Stewart, Mr. Hunter, Lord Carpenter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lincoln, Cambridge, Bucks, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to . Encourag-Order, a Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of British"1 *\gthe and Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation Lifcn Ma‘ of certain Species thereof from Great Britain: And the'UU acture,‘ same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

~ , The House. according to Order, resolved itself into a

icac‘J^rs iutiire, no Person be recommended to preach before this Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the

of a Dean in the further Qualification of Justicts of the Peace.

Mr.

fort the Hmife.

UouiCj who

is under . >8

the

Dignity

Q\jalificat*on of Justices.

15 Geo. II.

4°^_ i o° Junii.

175-

V’

it

Punishing Persons de-Ifroying Turnpikes, IfC.

Iiawsreipefting Rogues and Vagabonds, &c«

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

drderedy That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee,* to whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy. Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned 5 and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction. 1

in Warehouses at their own Expence, for a certain Time: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Secoiid time;

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, Thdt Answet to their Address of Friday last. That his Majesty would be , Addrefo* graciously pleased to cause ftrid and immediate Orders to be given for the effectual putting in Execution the Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Wool or Yarn from Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Parts, had been presented to his Majesty; aira that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House*

That he will cause ftrid Orders to be given, as is desired by the said Address.

Truro

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the,

Eleding of a Burgess to feiVe in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of James Hammond Esquire, deceased;

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Counter- Counterfeit* feiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the ingCoin. Uttering or Paying of false or counterfeit Coin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secresy, Inquiry into acquainted the House, That he wasdireded by the Com- Eari of mittee toapply to the House, that Arthur Stert Esquire, a Member of this House, might be examined before the said Committee, in the most solemn Manner:

Mr. Stert, in his Place, declared, That he was ready to attend the Committee, and be examined in the most solemn Manner, when they should think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die "Jund;

Anno 150 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

Waifingham* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for saie Qf the Estates late of James Walsingham

Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, and Cambridge, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Monson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Carter, Mr. Carew, Colonel Beake, Mr. Watson, Colonel Townshend, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Arundel!\ Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lewis, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Grant, Mr. Alderman Ewer, Mr. John Fitt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Walter, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fortescue\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Landing of Sir John Rufhout presented to the House, according to

Rum, &e. Order* a Bill to impower the Importers, of Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise cl^rged thereon, and to lodge the same Voi,% 24*

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill) Sum, to be raised by Annuities, transferable at the Ra.lfinS £n‘ Bank of England; or by Loans j which Annuities* or null, cs’ c* Loans, are to be charged upon the Sinking Fund; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; and for ascertaining the Customs and Duties upon Quicksilver, taken as Prize during the present War* and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to Rok's

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate*

Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Baynton Roll Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts afteding the fame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of theif Uncle John Baynton Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Henry Rolt and Wilmot Rolf, who are abroad. beyond the Seas); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered^ the Bill, with thd Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

4 A Pr. ia.

zed by

O

Northey’B

Estate.

Hopkins*!

Name.

Papers re* spedting the Convention with Spain, &c.

Justices of Peace to commit Offenderi.

*74

to0 Junii. A. \ 742.'

Pr. 12. L. 10. Leave out " Three," and insert Six and leave out" Ninety," and insert " Forty:"

L. 22. Leave out " Three," and insert " Six:" L. 23. Leave out ‘‘Ninety," and insertw For-

ty

L. 39. Leave out " Subject," and insertc< Sub-u jeftsi" and after <c Rolt" insert " and Thomas Rolt

L. 40. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " Beseech:"

Pr. 14, 15. L. 47, 48, and 1. Leave out ctand the u subsequent Costs of all the Parties to the said Suit in the Court of Chancery, now remaining unfetisfied, as ,c the same shall be taxed and ascertained by the Master:" Pr. 15. L. 2. Leave out€< so,*’ and after "due," insert " upon

L. 4. Leave out " for L. 5. After " respectively," insertc< and after €i Payment thereof, then forpaying and discharging the c subsequent Costs of all the Parties to the said Suit in 4C the Court of Chancery, now remaining unsatisfied, as 4< the same shall be taxed and ascertained by the Master:" The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Non hey, an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he shall marry, and their HTue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that he do acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enab\tJohn Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased, Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gage, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fellows, Lord Baltimore, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Vane, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Southwell, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fbtck, Mr. Noel, Lord John Murray, Mr, Laroche, Sir Harry North-cote, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Carew, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Miles Stafylton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth: And they are to m^t this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, presented to the House, Copies of the Remainder of the Papers desired by their Address of the 20th Day of May lad.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of Secresy.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty or Corporation to commit Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate; And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. Pr. 1. L. 17. Leave out " for any Offence:"

19. Leave out<c or Corporation," and insert <c City or Town Corporate:"

23. Leave out " or Corporation," and insert " City or Town Corporate:"

25. Leave out " or Corporation," and insert ,c City or Town Corporate

28. Leave out " or Corporation," and insert <c City or Town Corporate:"

At the End of the Bill, add " Which Person so com-u mitted shall and may be received, detained, dealt with, <c and ordered, and be set and kept to hard Labour, or 16

" conveyed and sent away, ordischarged, and be subject " and liable to the same Correction and Punishment, to " all Intents and Purposes, as if committed by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the same County,

4‘ Riding, or Division."

The Sid Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon/ agreed to by. the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of British and Encouraging IrtjhLinens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation of the Linen . certain Species thereof from Great Britain, was read a Manulafturcw Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Duke of Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing a Leeds’s Mar-Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Duke of ^Setllc* Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for creating a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lawsrefoeft-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing Rogues to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, 0 19 f intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erect* ing, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction j be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Diets*! Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate contrafted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the likeUfes, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Westminster to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bridge and upon the Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners ImProv, meDto for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for enlarging the Time for Exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the Westminster Bridge Lottery, of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House refblved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edwin took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edwin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the* fame.

Ordered,

'P

li

ti

lii

1*

16 GEd* II. 10° — 15* Junit. 275

n

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Titejday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 150 die Junii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742, Prayers.

Lucas’s AyfR- Carew reported from the Committee, to whom

jUbte. 1VA the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate contracted for, inorder to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas} as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ip his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read and are as followeth viz.

Pr. 3. L. 14. After " younger," insert " Son or*" and in the same Line, after c‘ Sons," insert or of such " Daughter:"

L. 16. After " younger," insert " Son and L. 17. After " such, insert " Daughter or:" Pr. 9. L. $. After " Hercomb," insert u consisting of <c Four several Tenements* and also the said Lands and " Tenements called:"

L. 9. *After " Somerset," insert " consisting of c< Twelve several Tenements

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act c* for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Baynton Roit Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the feme, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Baynton Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read the Third time. Rejoived, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Duke of Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to ieedi’s Mar- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An mentSettlC* ^or a ^ower *n Marriage Settlement of

cnt‘ Thomas Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for creating a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, , and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read and are as followeth viz.

Pr. 5. L. 8. Leave out the Word c< Pounds," and instead thereof, insert " Shillings *" and, in the same Line, leave out " Shillings," and instead thereof insert " Pence.’’

V01.24.

The said Amendments being 'severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lucas’s for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate contrafted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Meffege from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill j for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred Ra.i(jn£ An-thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, transferrable nuiucs*&c* at the Bank of England and for ascertainitig the Customs and Duties upon Quicksilver, taken as Prize during the present War and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament 5 without any . Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by p0]e#s. See. this House to One of the Amendments, made by their Estate. Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Vole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate, during the Minority of his Son Sir John Pole.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for repealing a Power in the Marriage Settlement of Tho- Leed« Mar-mas Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for ere- na8e ScttJcv ating a new Power instead thereof and for other Pur- u ' poses therein mentioned was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Edwin, according to Order, reported from the Westminster Committee of the whole Hdufe, to whom the Bill for the Bridge and better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge *®pn>vemem«, cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill 5 and which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one* and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Qualification whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Qualifica- of Justicei. tion of Justices of the Peace, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive cJeftroyfnf the Acts therein mentioned, for explaining, amending, Turnpike*

and &c*

Marriage

efLunaticks,

The Chap, lain thanked.

Colony of Georgia,

Counterfeiting Coin.

Laws respecting Rogues and Vagabonds, See.

Landing o Rum, fcc.

27 6

i$9 — i6° Junii.

A. 1742.

and rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing 'ties of Excise charged thbrfcon, and to lodge the same in

such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any ' Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships , built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine . Running of Goods 3 and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed, be resumed Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

‘ resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Time of their being under Commissions of Lunacy.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Mr. Terrick, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, on Friday last, at Saint Margaret's Westminster: And that he be dc-fired to print the fame: And that the Lord Dupplh)yMr. Charles Montagu, Sir James Grant, Sir Joseph Pennington, and Mr. fVilkinson, do acquaint him therewith.

Warehouses at their own Expence, for a certain Tidal, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr/Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing a riage Settle^ Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Duke of meat. Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for creating a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate contrafted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses.

And then the McfTengers withdrew.

Lucas'*

Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for further regulating the Registering of Ships employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limiting a Time for producing Certificates to discharge Plantat ion Bonds given in Great Britain, and for relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing Abuses which may be committed by collusive Captures made and carried into his Majesty’s Colonies there^ during the Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they War; and to oblige the Claimers of Boats and Vessels, had heard Counsel and Evidence against the said Petition; Lized for unlawful Exportation of Wool, or Importation and had also heard the Reply of the Counsel for the Peti- of Goods and Merchandize, to give Security for Costs;

and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and refreshed: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Sir John Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. /Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Plantation

Trade.

tioner; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Stephens do then attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read .;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the Uttering or Paying of false or counterfeit Coin.

Resolved, That this House, will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his‘ Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into one Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erect-.ing, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mereurii, i6° Junii \

Anno 16° Georgii II41 Regis, 1742. Prayers,

ABILL to impower the Importers, or Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the feme before Payment of the Du-

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Royal Assent his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. to Bills.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Go-! vernor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One million Six hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two:

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pound's, to be raised by Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England; and for ascertaining the Custoras and Duties upon Quicksilver, taken as Prize during the present War; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act to exclude certain Officers from being Members of the House of Commons:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace of a Liberty, or Corporation, to commit Offenders to the House of

16 Geo. II. 16° yunii.

277

of Correct ion of the County, Riding, or Division, in which such Liberty or Corporation is situate:

An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better Making of Gold and Silver Thread:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, to the several Places therein mentioned; and for making the said Act; more effectual:

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet-Bridge, in the Parish of Peters-field, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of South-amp on , and another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the T$rm in and by the said Act granted; and for other Purposes therein mentioned/; and for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said last mentioned Act granted:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Hoads leading from Cirencester Town’s End to St% Johns Bridge, in the County of Gloucester: An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, one for repairing the Road fr< m Stump-Cross to Newmarket-Heath and the Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Foul-mire to Cambridge; and the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts; and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts:

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitalsand Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of EJJ'ex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

An Act for securing to John Byrom, Master of Arts,

the foie Right of publishing, for a certain Term of Years, the Art and Method of Short-Hand, invented by him:

An Act for Sale of certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Messuages, and Buildings at Park-Place, in the Parish of Saint James, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, and for settling other Lands to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for repealing a Power in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Duke of Leeds with Mary his now Wife, and for creating a new Power instead thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of Two Closes of Meadow-ground in West-Harnam, in the County of Wilts, being the settled Estate of John Horne, unto the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Pembroke, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to impower Henry Earl of Carlisle to make Leases of Coal-mines and Coal-works lying within his settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years:

An Act for vesting all the Manors, Towns, Lands, Chiefries, Fee-farm Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, in the several Counties of Lowth, Meath, and Sligoe, and elsewhere in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Francis Earl of Car ling ford, deceased, in T ruf-tees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the several CallJes, Manors, Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments of Montague Lord Viscount Blundell, in the County of Downe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, for railing, after the Death of the Vol. 2 j.

said Viscount, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, for the Royal Assent Portion of Mary Lady Raymond his Daughter; and for to Bill*, other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable James Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord James Cavendish, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Auditor-General of his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Office:

An Act to prevent Sir Job Brooke Baronet, a Lunatick, from marrying, during his Lunacy:

An Act for confirming certain Estates in the County of Hertford, heretofore mortgaged by Sir Charles Buck Baronet, deceased, to the Trustees of Fulke Greville Esquire, during his Minority, to him and his said Trustees, discharged from the Equity of Redemption which the infant Son and Heir of the said Sir Charles Buck now hath therein, and in full Satisfaction for Principal and Interest due thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Will of Sir William Pole Baronet, deceased, to make Leases of Part of his Estate, during the Minority of his Son Sir John Pole:

An Act for vesting Part of the Marriage Portion of Mary, late Wife of John Walcot Esquire, and also Part of his settled Estate, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his Heir Male:

An Act for Sale of several settled Estates of Walter Radcliffe Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands in the said County of Devon, of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for Sale of certain Estates of Valentine Knight ley Esquire, in the County of Northampton, and for settling another Estate, in the same County, to the feme Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Michael Harvey Esquire, in the County of Leicester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for discharging the Incumbrances affecting his Estate in the County of Surrey, and for settling that Estate in lieu of the Leicestershire Estate, and to the same Uses:

An Act for confirming a Conveyance from the surviving Trustees of the Charity established by the Will of John Bentley Esquire, deceased, of the undivided Sixth-part of Fitchet's Field, in the County of Middlesex, to the surviving Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against William Hammond, late of Change-Alley,

London, Goldsmith and Banker, deceased:

An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Great Driffield, in the County of York,;

Part of the Estate of James Manuel, late of New Mal-ton, in the same County, deceased, to the Uses mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between the Widow, and the Daughters and Coheirs, of the said James Manuel:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Robert Lucas Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of an Estate contracted for, in order to be settled, together with other Lands of the said Robert Lucas, as an Equivalent for the said settled Estate, and to the like Uses:

An Act to enable William Northey, an Infant, to settle Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, for the Benefit of himself, and any Woman he shall marry, and their IfTue, notwithstanding his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

Laund, Wastes, and uninclosed Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wotton-Underwood, in the County of Bucks’, and for the making effectual certain Exchanges therein mentioned:

4B

An

278 i 6° Junit. 1742*.

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Bedford, between Sir Roger Burgoyne Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Doctor Crane, Bteftor of the Church of Sutton, in order to promote and facilitate the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the said Parish, and for securing to the said Rector an Equivalent for his Tythes, arising in the said Pariflr of Sutton.

An Act to enable John Dashwood and William Payne Esquires, and their respective Itfue Male, and other De-yifees of the Estate of John King, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, to take and use the Surname of King only, according to the Direction of the Codicil, tq the Will of the said Doctor King.

An Act for dividing and inclosing, fetfing out and allotting, certain qommon Fields and Inclosures within the Manor and Parish of Aston-Cantloiv, in the County of Warwick.

Qualification Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the of Justices. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the1 further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had riiade to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of British and Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain, be now read.

And. the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,; upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- ipittee. That they do admit such of the Persons who have petitioned this House in this Session, for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, as shall think fit, to be heard against the Petition of the Merchants, and others, his Majesty’s Subjects, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others. Dealers in Cambricks,* this Day presented to the House, and referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Marriage of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon. Luaatich. the Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the y Time of their being under Commissions of Lunacy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thd whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

; Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntp; which they had directed him.to report, when the H°use will pfeafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Encouraging the Linen Manufactures

} J52'

J

' Tellers for the Yeas jMr . OJbalde

letters for the leas, f G

; Tellers for the Noes, j } 104.

' So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of the Merchants, his Majesty’s Subjects, whose Namesare thereuntp subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Dealers, in Cambrick, w&s presented to the House, and read; alleging, that should the Bill* now depending, for encouraging the Manufactures of British and Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain,. pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be very great, Sufferers thereby, having bought in foreign Parts, and paid for, large Parcels of Cambricks, which are not as yet, or can be, imported, within the Time limited by the said Bill; and ffipuld the Petitioners import them after the Bill is to take Effect, they will never be able to vend them without great Loss, and be greatly affected in their Property *, and representing to the House, That the laying a further Duty of Five Shillings and Eight Pence upon each whole Piece of Cambrick, willj/iot (as t^e Petitioners apprehend^ an-ftver the Endsppposed by the Bill, but divert the Course of Trade, by taking it out of the Hands of the fair Trader, and putting it into Smugglers’ Hands; which, as it will be a great Detriment to the present Importers, will also considerably reduce the Revenues of the Crown in that Branch of the Customs: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit them to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before, the said Bill passes into a Law, or to give them such Relief as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill, is committed; and that thq Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Elettion

Law.

Punishing

Persons

destroying

Turnpike*

&c.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend, the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report ffpm the Committee,'to whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual for punching such Persons as shall wilfully and malicipufly pull down, or destroy, Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers, nayigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several. Laws, for granting Liberty to* carry Rice fronV his Majesty’s Province of: Carolina, in America, directly. to any Part of Europe Southward of.

Cape Fini sterr e, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgiain America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Counterfeit-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lnS ^oin* upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the I^aws relating

Laws ret petting Rogues and V agaborids, &c.

1

0

Walfing-bun'l Estate.

Plantation

Trade.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Westminster Bridge and Improvements.,

16 Geo. II. 16° — 170 Junii.

2.79

lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die Junii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Pit ay eus.

MR. Monson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of James Walsingham Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Norfolk, and Cambridge, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances aftedting the same; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the A legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to Or-: der, a Bill for further regulating the Registering of Ships employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limiting a Time for producing Certificates to discharge Plantation Bonds given in Great Britain, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing Abuses which may be committed by collusive Captures made and carried into his Majesty’s Colonies there, during the War; and to oblige the Claimers of Boats and Vessels, seized for unlawful Exportation of Wool, or Importation of Goods and Merchandize, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and refreshed: And the same was received; and read the First: time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u^pon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the courb terfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole-House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Arundell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Arundell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received. Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners for buildinga Bridge cro/s the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 16. To leave out ci they," and insert, " the " said Commissioners" in dead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vol. 24.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provisiob for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise de:-stroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Hopkins’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to> Name, enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Pro-byn\ pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Remitting Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Duty on Ralph Barrow and Edward Barrow, of Northwich, in g^*aSed the County of C/iefter, was referred. f

And the said Keport was read; and is as follows; vizi It appeared first to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. John Steele, That the Petitioner Ralph Barrow is a Proprietor of a Rock Salt Pit, in Northwich Division, in the County of Chester.

Then, in order to state to your Committee the several , other Allegations in the Petition,a Report from the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, in consequence of an Order of Reference from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, upon a Petition of the said Ralph Barrow "and Edward Barrow, praying Relief in their several Cafes,; was produced, containing the following Particulars; viz;

" That the Petitioner Ralph Barrow, for his greater " Convenience, deposited in a Warehouse at Leftwtch,

" near the River Dane, in Cheshire, Twelve Tons, or 4:80 M Bushels of Rock Salt, which' was all consumed by an " extraordinary high and sudden Flood which broke into u the said Warehouse upon the 9th'Day of December " 1740; and that the Petitioner bad given Bond for the

" Payment of the Duty of the said Salt, amounting to " £. 80. which still remains unpaid.’*

" That the Petitioners Ralph and Edward Barrow, on " or about the both of November 1736V shipped at Leverpeole 2,081 Bushels of white Sah,x on Board the " Three Brothers Brigantine of Pile of Fodre, for Dublin, the Duty of which Salt was secured by a Bond of Ralph Bridge, and others: That the said Ship, in her u Passage to Ireland, met with tempestuous Weather,

" whereby, as it was proved at the Quarter Sessions at Leverpoole, 550 Bushels arid Gallons of the said Salt *e were loft, which being 270 Bushels and Gallons c< more than the Allowance of Bushels in every 40 " for Waste, the Petitioners were obliged to pay the Duty " of the fame, amounting to £. 45. n. Zd. in order to " get die Bond above-mentioned discharged.

That the Petitioners, on or about the 22d of Decern-" her 1739, shipped at Leverpoole 3,000 Bushels of " white Salt, on board the William of Leverpoole for " Dublin: That’ Part of the Duty upon the said Salt,

" amounting in the Whole to £.500. was secured by 5‘ Bonds of Ralph Barrow, and others, and the Remain-.* der actually paid, without Discount: That a Certificate u (or rather an Affidavit) made in Ireland, and a Protest <c of -a Notary Publick there, for Salt loft on board the ci William in that Kingdom, together with the IriJJi Cer-u tific-ate of the Quantity landed, were sent to the said " Commissioners, who directed their Collector at Northwich to acquaint Mr. Barrow, that he mult pay the ".Duty of 87 Bushels of Salt, which was the Quantity

u appearing

280 i 7° — 1£

" appearing to be. flioft landed in Ireland', over and above " the Allowance for Wade; which Duty being £.14. 10s.

€t was soon afterwards paid towards difenarging the Bond u above-mentioned, as appears by the Collector’s Account Current for the Month of Aitguft 1740.’'

The said Mr. John Steely being further examined, informed the Committee, That Application had been made to the Comm’di^ders of the Salt Duties, in behalf of the Petitioners, but that the said Commissioners gave for Answer, that it was not in their Power to relieve the Petitioners, their several Cafes not coming within the Construction of the Clauses, whereby Provision is made for Relief of Persons losing Salt at Sea; but that they had no Objection to the suspending of any Prosecution upon the Bond given for the Payment of the Duty of the Twelve Tons of Rock Salt above-mentioned, until such time as the Petitioners could have an Opportunity to apply to Parliament for Redress.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the Importers, or Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, fora certain Time, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said Ralph Barrow, in respect of several Quantities of Rock Salt, which were lodged in a Ware-house at Leftwich, in the County of Chester, and were destroyed by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, in the Year 1740.

Landing of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Rum, kc. tQ ref0jve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ru/kout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Marriage of Mr. Gybbon, according to Order, reported from the

Lunaticks. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent Lunaticks from marrying, during the Time of their being under Commissions of Lunacy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Removing A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

Restrictioni That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,

merce with That he be graciously pleated, by Proclamation, to

Spain. be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or by his Order in Council, to be published in the London Gazette, to take off the Prohibitions and Restrictions contained in the Act of Parliament, of the Thirteenth Year of h» Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, so far as the same relate to Wool of the Growth or Product of any of the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or Territories, of the King of Spain, commonly called Old Spain, lying or being in Europe, or of the Islands commonly called the Canary l/lands, belonging to the said King of Spain l5

i Junii. 1742.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, after the Word " Wool,’' the Words, " and Barilla"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address bi presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased, by Proclamation, to be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or by his Order in Council, to be publiftied in the London Gazette, to takeoff the Prohibitions and Restrictions contained in the Act of Parliament, of the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, so far as the same relate to Wool and Barilla of the Growth or Product of any of the Kingdoms, Dominions, Islands, or Territories, of the King of Spain, commonly called Old Spain, lying or being in Europe, or of the Islands, commonly called the Canary Islands, belonging to the said King of Spain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of hi*- Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Colony of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Georgia, consider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens Agent for and in behalf of the People in Georgia, in Americai

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Stephens do then attend the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Efeftkm whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Lawi* the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrainthe Partiality, and regulate the Conduct of Returning-CHficers at such Elections, was committed, be taken into further Con-de ration upon Monday Morning next. I

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report PunHhing from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, for explaining, amending, and ren- Turnpikes, dering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons &c. i

as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy.

Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making j,

Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly, to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finifterrr, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V etterisy 18° die Junii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers. /

A BILL for further regulating the Registering of Ships pfentario* employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limit- Tr^ ing a Time for producing Certificates'to discharge Plantation Bonds given in Great Britain, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and fof preventing Abuses which may be committed by collusive Captures made and carried into his Majesty’s Colonies

there*

6Ge6. II. i8* j

ftofere, during the War; and to-oblige the Claitners of Boats and Vessels seized for unlawfol Exportation of Wool, or Importation of Goods and Merchandize, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing EastAndia Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and refreshed; Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Landing of Sir John RuJJfout, according to Order, reported from Rum, &c. the Committee of the whole Hqufe, to whom the Bill to impower the Importers, or Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence, for a certain Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk with the Amendments, 'in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Marriage "of An ihgrolTed Bill to prevent Limaticks from marry*-Lunaticki. ing, during the Time of their being under Commissions ot Lunacy, was read the Third time.

RJolvea, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Marriage of Lunaticks.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anfv’er to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give the proper Directions thereupon.

PuuHhing Ordered, That the Order of the Ddy, for resuming the

Persons adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-Turnnikes to whom the Bill to revive the Acts therein men-

£Ct 9 tioned, for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws more effectual for punish>ng such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy. Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navi-fgable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and 'also to continue several Laws for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, arid belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty V Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enu* merated Commodity; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And a Clause to permit Sugars of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, in America, to be loaded there in S.-aps belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjecb residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to be carried, in such Ships* to any foreign Part of'Europe, being offered to be added, by the House, to the Bill;

And the said Clause being read the First time, with Blanks;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act VOL. 24.

funii. 2% 1

for granting Liberty to Carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Third Section of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encour ging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the 17th Section of an Act,‘fnade in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Blanks in the said Clause were filled up:

And the said Clause was read a Second time, and aft Amendment rmde thereunto.

The said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted, -

Mr. Arundell, according to Order, reported from the Counterfeit* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ingCoto. the effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Encouraging resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H >use, upon the Linen the Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of British and Manu£aaurc». Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty up^n Exportation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain; *'

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Cambricks, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1740, inclufiVe; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambricks, exported diiring the said Time, be referred to the said Committee.:

Ordered, That the Account df all Foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; distinguisla-'ing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from Foreign Parts, from Christ- fnas ‘1734, to Christnias 1740, indufive; idiftingaishing each Year, be referred to the said Ctfmrftittde.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British and irish Linerts exported trdrti England to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1740, indufive; drftinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of 'British and Irish Linens exported to the British Plantations from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1741, indufive; di'stinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734, to Gkrtjfmas 1740, incliifiVe; distinguishing ea<ih Year, With thfc Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon, Be deferred to the said Committee;

4 C Ordered,

Dy,

482

18 " — 41 — 2 2' Junii. A. 1742.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into that Fart of Great Britain called Scotland from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Ghrifimas 1740, inclusive; distinguisoing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

/ Mr. Hooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, That they had heard some of the Merchants, who have petitioned this House in behalf of themselves, and others. Dealers in Cambricks; and also one of the Petitioners for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland; and had also heard Evidence, and made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Lawirespect- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Rogues ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and

amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee^ 210 die;

Anno 16* Georgii II. Regis, 174a.

Praters.

Preventing A N ingrossed Bill for preventing the Mischiefs which Mile hies by [\_ may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of keeping,. Gunpowder in or near Cities and Towns, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 24. To leave out " Ten," and to insert Twenty.*’

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster,

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

wrfiaghaii’t An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estatei. fQr §ajc q£ Efotes late of James Walsingham Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, EJfen% Norfolk, and Cambridge, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the feme; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Plantation Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to

Trade, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Registering of Ships employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limiting a

Time for producing Certificates to discharge Plantation Bonds given in Great Britain, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing Abuses which may be commuted by collusive Captures, made and carried into his Majesty’s Colonies there, during the War; and to oblige the Claimers of Boats and Vessels seized for unlawful Exportation of Wool, or Importation of Goods and Merchandize, to g;ve Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and re-freshed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.. Francis Pane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefevsral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Law*respe&-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^fcues consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, ^ndvlc" made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dise orderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing,- and regulating, Houses of Correction; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. f

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedefdayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- EWKon tion, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Law*-to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon (except some of them, which were disagreed to), with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 22° die Junii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Roll’s this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of £<bte.

Part

by

16 Geo. II. 2

Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments to One of them: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Holfton’t The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat* naturalizing Peter Holfton: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Roll’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Eftaic. Amendments made by the Lords, to One of the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayntun Rolt Esquire, to raise Money for Payment of Debts affeding the lame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settlement of their Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. L. 5. Leave out " and after payment thereof, then for paying and discharging,*’ and insert " to- gether with," and at the End of the said Amendment, add, " according to the Rules of Equity.*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Ditpplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, to One of the Amendments made by this House, to the said Bill.

Stil Cloth Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according Minufadur* to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned (relating to the Encouragement of the making of Sail-Cloth in Great Britain, and for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and relating to Copper Bars exported): And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Linding of An ingrossed Bill to impower the Importers or Pro-Rum, Icc. prietors, of Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge / the iame in Warehouses, at their own Expence, for a certain Time, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Importers, or Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses,.at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Counterfeit- An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing ingCoin. the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false and counterfeit Coin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An AC1 for the more effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin.

Ordered, That Mr. Arundell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Plantation Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Trade, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Registering of Ships employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limiting a Time for pro-VoL. 24*

ducing Certificates to discharge Plantation Bonds given in Great Britain, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing Abuses which may be committed by collusive Captures made and carried into his Majesty's Colonies there, during the War; and to oblige the Claimers of Boats and Vessels seized for unlawful Exportation of Wool, or Importation of Goods and Merchandize, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and refreshed; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hop* kins, and his Descendants, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; for naturalizing Peter HoIston, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the ConcJud, of Returning-Osso cers at such Elections, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Two next Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clauses (A) and (B), were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (C), was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was disagreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (D), was read a Second time, and, with several Amendments thereunto, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (E; was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was disagreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (F), was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clauses (G) and (H), were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were disagreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned tiil this Day Two Months;.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the subsequent and last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Clause (I), was read a Second time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

A Clause

Hopkins's

Name.

Hoi Ron’s Nat.

Election

Laws.

Vacation of Scat by accepting a Military Office.

Colony of Georgia.

Plantation

Trade.

22* — 230 Junii.

A. 1742.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Costs to Defendants, where Judgment shall be given against Plaintiffs or Informers, in Actionj, Suits, or Informations, brought upon this Act.

And the fame, was once read, with a Blank.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that General Wade (a Member of this House), hath, since his Election to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, accepted the Office of Lieutenant-General of his Majesty’s Ordnance: And the Opinion of the House being desired, whether, by the Acceptance of the said Office, his Seat in Parliament became void:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the accepting the Office of Master-General or-Lieutenant-General of his Majesty’s Ordnance, by any Member of this House, being an Officer in the Army, does vacate the Seat of such Member in this House:

The House was moved, That the 28th Section of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession of the Crown oi Great Britain in the Protestant Line, might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That the accepting the Office of Master-General or Lieutenant-General of his Majesty’s Ordnance, by any Member of this House, being an Officer in the Army, does vacate the Seat of such Member in this House;

‘It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgia, in America.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Stephens do then attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 2 die Junii

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Pray ees.

AN ingrafted Bill for further regulating the Registering of Ships employed in the Plantation Trade, and for limiting a Time for producing Certificates to discharge Plantation Bonds given in Great Britain, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing Abuses which may be committed by collusive Captures, made and carried into his Majesty’s Colonies there, during the War; and to oblige the Claimers of Boats and Vessels seized for unlawful Exportation of Wool, or Importation of Goods and Merchandize, to give Security for Costs j and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, to be cleaned and refreshed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade, and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing collusive Captures there; and for obliging the Claimers of Vessels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Costs j and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to revive the Acts therein mentioned, *7

for explaining, amending, and rendering the Laws Punishing toore effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, Turnpikes for Turnpikes, repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected &c. by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and also to continue several Laws, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia, in America; for preventing Frauds in the Custom$; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause at the End thereof (relating to the Qualification of Attornies and Solicitors).

And the Question being put. That the said Clause stand 'Part of the Bill j

It passed in the Negative.

Arid the initial Part of the said Clause was razed out, and the Residue was exit off from the Bill, at the Table.

Resolved, That the Billdo pass: And that the Title bey An Act to revive several Acts for the Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clan-deftirie Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by the Act of the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty'(for carrying Sugar, of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America) to Ships belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual - . preventing the Cutting of Star, or Bent.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Linen the Bill for encouraging the Manufacture? of British and Manufadflre* Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. r

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto $ which they had directed himto report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to LaWgr*fpca. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ing Rogue* consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Va8a" made in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament j and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House 'resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Ileftion.

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Laws,

the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was Committed.

And

's

fc

1.

15

i!

4 3 5 °° yanii.

ifisb

We

Qlayfe; pffered Yesterday to be added to the Bill, was read a Second tirpe, with a Blank, which was filled up.

Then the said Clause* was, upon-the Question put thereupon, agreed to4>y the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments being made by the House to the Bill: *: »':

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting, in the Form of the Oath, to be.' taketf by&Er<Mbolfdex:whoi yctes fork County^&fter. the Words €< iancb that -such Freehold,\Estate\ has*" these Words, *c been usually rated, and has paid to some public Tax,; " -afctKfe full: Rate a Yetf/fha$," A

.The ^dAtQdftdtiient 'Was, proposedtto be amended, by toying o.nt the.Wprd ‘‘ufuaMy.’’. . , ' -

AHd-T fthef < QbeflMn/vbeing put/ That the Word ,c liihaHy’u’.stand: iParb.otf rthe ford. Amendment\ It/wa& resolved in4he.Affirmative.

Other Ameftdm&fcts were'prcJpfcfeiLtp* be made ^to (he. fajdvA®endment/by mferting,.a^r.the-Word "usually", these. Words, u. or, for.-jfaf' cSend^r Months last past,"f and.by leading out-, after the Wqtdsdisrated and_ \the Wor4ijl;h^s,5,.ariddby inserting afterithe'Word " pujbjic," the Words " or Pariti!," as also the Wpfdsi€ or Duty,"-after the Word c< Tax."

> And(the famevW^re; upQh the Question: fever&lly ptft iherebpon, agreed to by-the Hoafe/.’:

't) Then the Question:being pu&Ttbatithe Amendment, so, amended* be inserted; as proposed;

iit;passed in the :Negft ttv£. — .*; '? r .7 i

Ordered, That the further Consideration x)f the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

.;.And then the House adjourned till Tq-mprrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1c

y.

rjin*T

... -i;.

Mr. Philipps reported from the Corpr^i-t tge, Th^they, had gone through the Bill, and madj^veral Amendments thereunto; which they had direaed him to report, whett the House will please to receive jthY fahaer . ’ 1‘

Ordered, That the Report be. received Tomorrow Morning. ’ ' . ! rhieT

.. - ..f,; ... , o

The House, according t‘6 Order, resolved'itself into L Colcr.y of

Committee of {he whole House, to con lid cr further of (jCorch*

the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent' fors and, ini bfc- (/f

half oij t he People of Georgia, in America.. '

Mr.Speakerleft the Chair. , / n

Mr. Carew took the Chain of the Commift'efc. ’ M

Mr. Speaker resumed the^Cliair. ! '

Mr. Carey) reported from the Committee, That thej^‘,‘

had come to several Resolufions, which they hrtd direclm.

hiiyi to report, when the House will please to receive thjcf

fanie. , i' . ‘

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday 1

\ Morning next.; , ' f

The other Order of the Day being read; 1:

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report frQm, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the,

Bill to explain and amend’the Laws’touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the ton- ‘

dust, of Returhing-Officers at such Elections, was.committed,! be further adjourned till Tommorrow'Morning.

And then th^ House adjourned, dill .^or-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Electiort

Laws.

JoViS) 240 die Junii;

Anno i6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. v tl, Pr a(y e r s/; ‘

Shafton f)^>That' Mr- Speaker do ifluehis Warrant Writ. <. to1 the Clerk of the'Crown, t6 make, out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgffs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton,* Otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.> in the room of Charles Ewer Esquire, deceased.

Sail-cloth A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned Manufacture, (relating to the Encouragement of the making of Sarl-&c' cloth in Great Britain^ and for the Encouragement of the* Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and relating to Copper Bars exported), was read a Secpnd time. ': Resolved, That the Bill'be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the1 whole House. \

Resolved, That this House will, up'on Monday Morn-' ing next, resolve itself* into a Committee of the whole'" Houife, upon the said Bill. > . A

and Vagabonds, &c.

Xawarefpect- 'Ordered, That the Order of the' Day, for the House ing Rogues to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to’ ebrifider further of the Bill to explain1 and amend an A&, made*in the Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, iri- j tituled. An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to’Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Cor-.r^ftion ;* be now read: }

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The House Resolved iiself into a Committee of1 the-

whole House; to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. I ’

Mr. Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

VOL. 24.

Verier is i 25® die Jurtiiv-;

: Anno i6° Georgii JI*1*. Regis, 1742.

Prayers. ,. /

AMES SAGE from the Lords,; by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker, - , \ i

i;The Lords have agreed !to the Bill,-:intituled, An Act Stealing of for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Woollen Cloth, &c. Goods remaining upon the Rack dr Tenters, or any Q^u^ter Wool left out to dry, from being ltolen or taken away in the Night-time, with some Amendments: To which Amendments -the Lords desire -the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

Mr. Philipps, according to Order, reported from the Laws respect-. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to cx- ing ues , plain and amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year *"^5 |ac‘4 of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending ’ and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other icjle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the fame-into One Act of Parliament; and also for, . arhending the Laws for erecting, providing, and’ regulating, Houses of Corredliori;. was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill;

and which they had ditedled him to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, as far as the Amendment Clause (A), were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause fAJ, for bringing Vagrant^ committed to the 1

House of Correction, to the Quartsr^Sessions, there to be examined concerning the Places of their last'legal Settlement, and by the Court to be removed to such Places, being read a Second time:: 1

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

4 D The

286

25* — 28° Junii,

A. 1742.

} 49-

The Ffbufc divided.

The Noes went forth.

T*n for ,he Yea,

T«llmfor.h«N.eS,| Z.Sl

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, except Clauses (E) and (G) which were disagreed to, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Continuance of the Act:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank, which was filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Encouraging Mr. Philipps, according to Order, reported from the

Mthe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en-ftou urci couraging tj)e Manufactures of British and Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty upon Exportation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duty granted by this Act on Foreign Cambricks, upon the Exportation thereof, in the same Manner as the present Duties of Foreign Cambricks are drawn back:

And the same being twice read, the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause was amended: '

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Com mi ffioners fur building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finifti the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and for enlarging the Time for Exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, without any Amendment, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Westminster Bridge and Improvement!.

Preventing Mischiefs by keepingGun-powder.

Election

Laws.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the’ Partiality, and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Moaning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lutuey 2 8° Junii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 174a.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A ft/ Holfteo’a for naturalizing Peter Holjleny was read a Second N*.

A

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Come-wally Mr. Winford% Mr. Gwym, Mr. War burton Mr.

Archer^ Mr. Philipps, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr;

Walker, Mr. Selwyny Major Selwyn, Mir. Roit, Mri Bir-keley, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Gundryf Mr. Phmtr, Mr.

Plumptrey Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Fere, Mr. Oswald, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Cope, Sir Wth*

Clayton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Carter, Sir Humph. Haworthr Mr. Page, Sir Erasmus Philipps, Mr. Carew, Mr. PowitsB

Mr. Foley, Mr. Saville, Sir Jof. Penington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the- Clock*iin the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideratioit . the Stealing of Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, uaiitufed. Cloth, &c. An Act for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Grwind!.^ Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tentere, or any Wool left out to dry, from being stolen ar taloeh away in the Night-time:

And the said Amendments were read; and areas followeth:

Pr. 1. L. 25. After " any," insert " Woollen Yarn " or:"

30. After" Goods", insert " Woollen Yarn:"

33. After "Goods," insert "Woollen Yarn:"

2. 2. After " Goods," insert " Woollen Yarn:"

20. Leave out " does or do," and instead

thereof, insert " shall

23. After M Goods," insert" WoolknYanr."

27. After "Goods," insert " WoollenYarn:

36. After"Goods," insert "WoollenYarn:"

38. After " Goods," insert "Woollen Yarn:."

3. 6. After"Goods," insert "returning the " Overplus, if any be:"

19. After "above," insert " the Forfeiture

" of:"

20. After " Goods," insert " WoollenYarn;" and in the same Line, after " found," insert " to be recovered and levied, as aforesaid

35. Leave out " does or do," and insert

"(hall:"

38. After "Goods," insert " Woollen Yarn

4. 2. After " Years," insert " and shall be liable to the same Punishment, and to the like Methods " of Prosecution, Trial, and Conviction, for returning " from such Transportation, as other Felons transported " are liable unto by virtue of the Laws now in Force:"

Pr. 4. L. 28. After " Goods," insert " WoollenYarn:"

In the Title of the Bill, L. 4. After " any," insert " Woollen Yarn or."

The said Amendmens, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed^ to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Siil-cloth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Manufaduiw the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned fi5®* (relating to the Encouragement of the Making of Sailcloth in Great Britain, and for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufeftures of this Kingdom, and relating to Copper Bars exported), be now read:

And

s'

>9

Geo. II.

28° — 5cf tfuniL

287

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to explain and declare the Meaning and Intention of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a Time therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain (Rice excepted), Meal, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon, so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Meal, Malt, and Flqur, from the British Plantations in America to Great Britain or Ireland, from Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain to Ireland:

The House was moved, That the First and Fifth Sections of the said Act might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause^ to explain and declare the Meaning and Intention of an Act* passed in t’e Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for aTime therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain (Rice excepted), Meal, Malt, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon, so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Meal, Malt, and Flour, from the British Plantations in America to Great Britain or Ireland\ from Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain to Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Encouraging An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of

ihe Linen british and Irish Linens, by allowing a Bounty Upon Ex-ManufaGurw / . r J . ? r ~J

portation of certain Species thereof from Great Britain,

was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 5. To leave out " exceeds/1 and- to insert " is /' and after " Yard/* to insert " or upwards :n

23. To leave out " of/* and to infeft " Under/* and after " Yard/’ to leave out " or under:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Election Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Law*. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning* Officers at l'uch Elections, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report; and several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Vol. 24.

}«. } 57

" An Amendment was ptoposed to b£ made to the Bill, in Fol. 6. L. 1. by inferring after the Word " always," the Words, " that no Person shall be liable to more than " One Action for any of the said Offences; and that an " Action, brought for any of the said Offences by any " one of the said Cand idates, shall be a Bar to any other " Action for the said Offence:"

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative. r. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be re-committed 5

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

(Lord Marquis of Hart-]

Tellers for the Yeas,? ington,

(Mr. Plumer:

Sor-it passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrpflei

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Colony of whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further Georgm. of the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of the People of Georgia, in America, be received yp-mpnow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, dkyuhity

Anno 160 Georgii IT11 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Ti/fR, Winford reported from the Committee, to whom Homcnf# IVJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, rintituled, An Nat. Act for naturalizing Peter Holften, was comnfitted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the ' Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVinfotd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Sail-cloth the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Manufaaure, continue several Laws therein mentioned (relating to the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and relating to Copper Bars exported), was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be I ingrossed.

The Lord Limerick, from the Committee of Secrdy, Inquiry into acquainted the House, That the* Committee had agreed upon a further Report; which they had directed him to Conduct make, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered,

PinitiypH v,

1

Law* respecting Rogue* and Vagabonds, &c.

.II

:r a

..,; ..... ... -r

1 ~ iAtt in‘grOfl®d *ebc^>lalri; ^ianle^id an A&, m$fp lofTlje ^mde.of.ttiis jKin^om. ... «j j U:^i W of his; Majel^t R^gri,-1 j

Wn Act fof^ffiarawg' and ehtorri fit the La«ts felaring Thajt( itWnecf <fa>' aqo jffsjtiflfl,

\b 'Rdgues, VfcgSlJcfnds* and17of(ieir 'ipig WfJ AYdfiferly Inoiil.^bejj£^e£v,ed;an$fiypr

Persons, and for reducing the Yirfie*: int'6MOne jA& of por&cU ,nty) [,) \ J. *’) loV'i v.r- ,‘{*>f{ \

Parliatrient f dftd kfrt> for amendirt^the Eaws* J[or *7 'Refolded, j TnaYif 1$j(ne OpiBion:jpf ^is-Cpmm$t£/p,

! — ----- j: — — 1 -----. W'k.jL -i. — irPui. -- a j-i.i — - ^qlotfiy ,of Georgia,

Yaid Colony

of the said Act migHf'btf react' ',* ' 11 ' Refolded] That it is the Opinion of this Committee>

And the same being read accordirigly; y\ I, Thatj|jiejPetttion^f Stephens{contains fa{f^?;span-

A Motion was maeje, ^nd ,the Question'being ^)ut, dalbus,‘and malicious ‘Charges, tending to asperse, the That?ithe'Wid^i!lL36‘ {)^fi) c ^/ -w { _ ;Typ Characters of tl}e Trustees for establishipg the Colony of

I-.-Tk* rJixrJri^ *" w Georgip^w Awepca,.

l/i

The House divided.' The Yeas went fottli.

__________ . - Toe Fitft Resoluti.gn pfthei Committpe being read a

npj, , (, ,^'tMr iLker*/.i Gi «r.:Ti‘ SMmeV: 17^--X i /

lers or e. £3§>| Mv: Hoqper: . v .3 \ ^A^oton was made/'and/tire Question bqing pat

So it puffed ip th^ Negative.,. t l#.1 7’7 c ' ^fheri the said Resolution.was, upon tl^c Question put

- :i... v! 1‘ «’" -1' J t*mV; thereupon*agreed to by^the’IjQufe. .,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Benneraiid'MK " depone}? Third, anc('tourth Refalutions of#thp Edwards.: _ >r: ...: () ;-r Cp^mUtpe^.being, feypr?v(iyv read a.Second time, wefe,

. Ain Speaker, ,.r ‘V*' \ \xp6n the Questton^f^yprally put thereupon, agreed, to by

LWWof . The Loras 'have{'agreed to 'tlte T Bill',1 iiiti tpjfiecl^ tAii ’Act the^pia/e.f{, \ , , i

!Rutn), &c. ^0 impowbr the Irpporters, or Proprietors, 6f Jlum or The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a 'Spirits of the Britisfb Suga? Plan^flonsj1 to^ jand Hie farnje j Second tmpii . *n # \T: , r - \:iy*

‘ before Payment of the Duties of fixcise <!&arg^ th^f^ / Ah Amendajeni w^s prpposed to be made to the said and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their owri Ex- cRefofution, by adding,"at the End thereof these Words, pence j and for the RelieYof, Jt^/^ Barrow, f in respect s" aUo,.the Ufpof ..Negroes,: who may be employed "to the Duty oh tome^ Koclc Saif lpft* by the Overflowing the re with Advahtagev.for*;i||e..^ojppy, under, proper ^fAL_-D: nr-^.ii.^-11 t\ .- :aL"^ a V <c Regulations and ReSridUpns):, :* / _ .?. v

And. the^Question.being.jput. That those Words-be fb added’to*she said Resolution j . f; /

Marriage

of the Rivers Weav&r and Dane\ without: any Amend ment: And also.

The Lords have agreecftb the Bill, intituled, An Act

of Lunatics, to prevent the Marriage of I^unatics, wi^h some Amend- _ The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. -; Tellers ifbr-the Yeas, ^Jre*i

;:a

Ditto.

r, Sputkwitfl.* ;(l jp,

Telfc, if, W*N«S,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put

? 3*

]:»

ments: To 'which Amendment^ the Lords desire the Concurrence oft this; H'ouse.; > . /

And then the Messengers withdrew.

: The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments,.made by the Lords to the. Bill, intituled,

An Act tq(prevent the Marriage of Lunatics:

And thre said Amendments were read; and are as thereupon, agfeed tb1 by the House.' ;: followeth; viz., , . n/: \ j;. ‘Theidaft Refelution of the Committee being read a

L. 19. Leave-out " frantic,*^ apd after the fir^ SecondTktie; vn - 1 'r>,:

rc Person,’* jinfert- cc under a Phrenzy :n, - t , vnr> Resolved, That this House doth agree with thejCorrt-

10. Leave out<c is," and -inserti( are, or here- ! niittee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Thomas " after shall be}", - . y-.-v; , t/ T Stephens contains false, scandaloia^andWalitiousChafges,

And the said Amendments being, feyerjallyread a Se- tending tb asperse the ClkraClers of thdTruft^esforTfta-cond time, were, iippn the Question severally put there- blilKing the Colony of Georgia-, in America

.upon, agreed to by the Hpufe.

Ordered, That , Mxi (fybfan da^carfy. the Bill' to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed £to the Amendment^ jpade.by their Lord [hips. - /

Cok»y of t Mr. Carewy according to Order, reported from the Georgia. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for, and in behalf of, the People of Georgiavm America, was.committed, the Resolutjpqs, which the Committed had ’directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same /were read; and are as followethj viz, " " ‘ ,*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this jCompittee:

Ordered, That the-{£\&'Thbmas Stephens do attend this House Tomorrow Morning,7in- order to be brought to j the Bar tlvereof, to be reprimanded, on his Knees, by Mr* Speaker* for the fakl Offence. - . ’

>And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ! i Morning, Nine ^of the Clock.

MercurHy .30°

Anno’16^ Georgii Regis, 1742. Prayers.

That the Province of Georgia, in America' by reason of CT*HOMAS Stephens was, according to Or}der, brought

1 tc Qltmtmn mnt? V\^ n r* K'llTl^f tr\ fUa Pt*X_ tn tKp *Ror VlA nr*r\n Tic Vf noac /*

its Situation, may be an useful Barrier to the British Provinces’on the Continent of America against the French and Spaniards, and the Indian Nations in their Interests.^ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Ports and Harbours within the said Province may be a great Security to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Province, by reason of the Fertility of the / H

to the Bar; where he? upon/his Knees, received.a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged, paying his Fees! . .

- An ingrdfled Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned (relating to the EncouTagemcnf-of Ithe Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and for the Encouragement Of the Silk Manufactured of this Kingdom, and relating to Copper Bars exported)', was read the ThVqi time!

‘ Resolved,

1

1!

is

rl

ii

A PerToii re-primaiiled for falsifying in a Petition*

Sail-cloth

Manufacturei,

&C.

i6 Geo. II. c$o° Junii.v 289

Resolved, That the Bill do pats *: And that the Title be, An Act tojicoOtinue several Taws, fdr the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain: and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Copper Bairs imported; and to explain a Clause of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, and other Things therein mentioned; and to give further Time for the Payment cf Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, knd desire their Concurrence.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the

summoned. Mace into Westminster-Hallthe Courts there, the Court of llequests, and Places adjacent, a.nd summon the Members there* to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

’ And hfc being returned; 4

Inquiry into The Lord Limerick, according to Order, made a furl

Had of Or- ther Report from the Committee of Secresy 5 Which hi lead in his Place; and afterwards delivered*in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same wis read; and is as foll-lpws; viz.

Your Committee having, in their former Report, laid before the House the Obstructions they met with in the Churfe of their Inquiry, and finding that the Lords had refused to concur in the Means proposed by this House to remove them, by rejecting the Bill for indemnifying such Persons as shall, upon Examination, make Discovtries touching the Disposition ofpublick Money, of concerning the Disposition of Offices, or any Payments or Agreements in respect thereof, or concerning other Matters delating to the Coriduft of Robert Earl of Orford: have not thought it adviseable to enter upon any new. Matter relating to the Transactions of the Earl of Orford: But as, previous to the Rejecting of the said Bill by the-othet iHouse, they bad several Matters before them, of the Jiigheft'Consequeilce and Importance to the Success of the War with Spain, Ind to the domestick Economy, and g' od Order of the Kingdom; to the Payment, of the TrOops Abroad; to the Freedom of Electiorts at Home; and to the Quantity and Method ofifluing publick Money for the secret Services of the State; in all which, the said Earl appears so have had the principal* if not the foie Direction; your Committee thought it their absolute Duty to lay these Matters before the House; and were preparing to do it with as muchCIearness and Perspicuity, 'as the many notorious Difficulties and Difeouragements this Inquiry has laboured under would permit; but, in the Execution of this Design, they were again interrupted "by a new and unforeseen Obstruction to One of themost material Points in Question; which therefore, together with the other Matters above-mentioned, they find them-ftlveS under a Necessity of laying'before the House.

As the vigorous and successftfl Prosecution of the War in America seems to have been rife great Object of the In-^rerefts and Inclination of the People of Great Britain; krtef as* an Expedition to a Climate so distant.and danger-rtiuft unavoidably be attended with an immense Expence both of Men and Money to the Nation; your Committee, therefore, consideringinow.elsentially it must affect the Glory of his Majesty's Arms, and the Justice due to this Nation, that those of their Countrymen, who chearfully undertook a Service where the Enemy was the lead'Danger they were exposed to, should be j'uftly and fully paid the great Sums raised to support them; have fhdtrght it their Duty to inquire into ti:e Contraft made for suppJyin'g his* Majesty’s Forces going upon the Expedition with Lord Cathcart; and to examine, whether it bad been established on the most judand advantageous Fooc for Trdopsfo’peculiarly defer ving the Care and Attention of the Public. And in proceeding the rein,;

Your Committee find. That the Money, or rather the ~ VojL. 24.

Currency, of Jamaica is of a less Value than Sterling Mo- Inquiry into 1 ne.y; and, by the Examination of Merchants, it appears, that, for feme Years before the Commencement of the ton* War with Spain, the Rate of Exchange between Jamaica arid England was from 135 to 140, but generally at 140 very few Bills having been drawn under that Rate; t that is, Persons at Jamaica generally paid £. 140 of the Currency of that Country for a Bill, which intitled them, or their Agents, to £. too Sterling in England.

Your,(Committee find* That, on the 9th of July 1740, the following Proposal was made to the Treasury, for furnithing Money at Jamaica for the Expedition under Lord Cathcart, by Peter Burrell and John Brtftow Esquires, Members of this House:

" To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners <c of his Majesty’s Treasury: The ^ropdfal of Peter a Burrell and John Brtftow:

" That they ate ready to furnish, kt Jaihaica^ his Ma-u jedy’s Forces going upon the intended Expedition virrth fc Dot’d Gal/tc&rtjWith arty Sums of Money, and at the " Times, which the Service shall require, at the Rate of H £. 10b Sterling for every £. 126 paid At Jamaica in thi

Curtfeftcy of thatlffend: Thkt the Sum of £.27,000 be u paid to them before the Departure of the Troops;

" they furnishing their Bills at Sight on Jamaica for the " Amount thereof, at the above-niehtioned Rdte of£. 100 <c Sterling for £. ilo Jamaica Currency: That the subsecjtient Payments be made upon their producing the kc Deputy Paymaster’s Bills or Receipts; who shall b6 " d hefted to give the feme for the Sums they shall receive from time to time.

" Peter Burrell,

<c John Brtftow.:

tc London, July 9th* 1740;"

This Tropofel was the feme £)ay agreed to by the Commissioners of Jhe Treasury, the tai l of Orford being then present at the Board which appears the more exr traoruinary to yo.ur Committee, because the Commi.fe sioners of the Treasury, had they thought fit to inquire, mpd.naye foui^d, that, for several Months preceding the Date of thi^ Proposal, all. the Bills drawp from Jamaica for the Service of his Majesty’s I^avy and Ordnance^were drawn at the Rate of £. 140 for £. 100 Sterling; as appears by the Appendix (N° 1.)

Your Committee also. observe, That, at the Time of the Delivery of this Proposal, it could be no Secret to Mr. Burrell and Mr. Brtftow, that the Exchange from Jamaica was at 140: For your Committee find, in the Minutes of a Court of Directors of the South Sea Company, when Mr. Burrell Sub-Governor, and Mr.

Brifiow Deputy Governor, were present,' the following Order;

" Friday, roth March) 1738-9.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of " Correspondence to consider, and report their Opinion " concerning tliC Exchahge from jMaifo) which is now at £. 140 for £. too Sterling; and yet the Company " are not credited for the Dollars, Piffoles, and Bat " Gold, more than When the Exchange was at £.135 " per Cent."

The Circumstances which preceded, arid occafidned, this extraordinary Transaction, as far as your Committee have been able to trace them, are of a very singular Mature; for it appears, by the Examination of Captain Alexander Wilson, who was Agent to Lord Cathcart, when he was preparing for the Expedition, go the IP eft Indies (which is annexed in the appendix. N° 2,) That, in the May or June preceding this Contraft, the JPaymaster General communicated to Lord Cathcart a Method of paying the Troops, which his. ’Lordship ajjproved of: This was, by fending a Sum of Monky with the Deputy Pay-master, who was to attend the'Expcditiort, and impowering Him to draw what’ Bills should be necessary, and.di* resting the Troops to be paid at Jamaica, at such A Rate 4E of

h'Coooolp

Inquiry ir Bart of Orford's Conduct.

290 30° J' i 174^.

o of Exchange as should appear to Lord Cathcart, and the the Money at £. 130 j>er Cent. for/.. ipo Sterling; and superior Officers, to be most advantageous to the Troops: should have thought it a good Bargai n, provided he could

And it being intimated some time after to Lor& Cathcart, have had the same Money advanced to him, which, be that a Contract for paying the Troops at £. 120, Jamaica has heard, Was advanced to Mr. Burrell and Mr. Bris-Money, -for /. 100 Sterling, was then depending before tow: That,.after the First Difficulty, which would be on the Treasury, he immediately procured a Meeting with the'Arrival of the Troops, was over, he did not doubt; Mr. Hatibury Williams, Paymaster of the Marines,. Mr. but he could have contracted with the People of the Burrell, and Mr. Bristow, with a View, if possible; to Island to fumish the Money at the Rate of/. 137f; and get the Troops paid in a more advantageous Manner: if the whole Money w'as advanced to him here before-,

for he did not apprehend the Contract was at that time hand, and he was only to fend it over, and furnish it; at passed. At this Meeting, he mentioned the Incohveni- Jamaica, at the Rate of /. 130 per Cent, he tl.inks he. encies which might arrfe from the paying the Men at a should make 12 or 15 perCent. per Annum, of the Sums Ratefo much lower than the known Exchange, and the he furnfihed, by returning the same Money twice in a. Danger there was, from what he had observed Abroad, of Year.

its producing Discontents and Mutiny; and, after several This led your Committee into a Computation of the Arguments used on both Sides, their Meeting ended, on Profits which might have been made on this Contrail;

Mr. R«rre//or declaring, That they had^made which they conceive'to stand thus: ,

an Agreement with the Treasury: already, on the Terms If the Value of /. 100 Sterling be lent to Jamaica in of /. 120, Jamaica Money, for /. 100 Sterling; and that Moidores, it appears they will produce /. 143. 1 o Ja* they could not do it for less Profit.: 1 tnaica Currency; but, by this Contract, only /. 120, Ja-

From the Examinations of Mr. Burrell and Mr. Bristow, maica Currency, was to be paid at Jamaica for every which are annexed in the Appendix (N*3.).itappear$, That //i00 Sterling received here. To this /. no,'Jamaica they applied for this Contract to the Earl of Oxford, and Currency, all the necessary Charged mull beadded; which to no other Person: For when it was publickly known; your Committee conceive to be One per Cent. Commis-that the Troops were going to Jamaica, Mr. Burrells . fion, 2\ per Cent. Insurance, Ontrper'Cent. Freight5;/ quainted the said Earl, that he had Correlpdndents in Ja- and \ per Cent, for the Charges of Shipping; in all maica on the South Se* Company’s Account, who were / 4. 15 per Cent.which, on /. 120, Jamaica Cur-Men of great Credit, and had the greatest Command of reticy, is/. 5. i4 of the same Currency; in all £. 125. 14*-Money of any in the Place; and he thought, if Money Jamaica Currency; so that the Profit to be made 09 was wanted there, he could supply the Government as well fending Moidores was the Difference between £. 12 $. 14^ as any body: And that afterwards, considering the great and/. 143. 10; which is/. 17.. 16, Jamaica Currency, Importance of the Affair, he thought it too much; Ha- or £.12. 8. Sterling out of evetv £, 100 Sterling^ zardfor himself alone, and mentioned it to Mr. Bristow, which is /, 14. 3. per Cent. Sterling. And your and they together settled the Terms of their Proposal; Committee observej that if Half of the Sum font had and, about the Month of June 1740, the ParliamentiJbe- beenin Six-and-thirty Shilling Pieces, and only I-Jajlf ia ing then prorogued, they waited on the Earl of Oxford, Moidores, £. to? Sterling so lent would nave produce4 and proposed to him the same Terms, which were after- /. 14 r> Jamaica Currency; which is only /. 2. 10 r. wards agreed to by the Treasury. The said Earl asked Jamaica Currency Jess than Moidores alone would have them, If these were the lowest Terms? and hopea they produced.

would not a(k more than was: reasonable, or what any ' And youf Committee cannot help observing, That i£ body should complain ofrThat he would not take it on the Treasury hail thought fit to fend in Moidores to Jaf himself; but desired them to make their Proposals to the maica, on the Account of the Publick, the same Sums ot Treasury; which seems to your Committee $0 have been Money, which they actually advanced to the Contractors, Entirely Matter of Form: For it appears, that when this then every /. 100 Sterling so lent would have produced Proposal was accordingly delivered to the Treasury, the /. 143. {, Jamaica Currency; except what may be al-Gentlemen cannot recolIect to whom it was delivered, nor lowed for Insurance, which, your Committee is iniormr when, nor by whom, they were informed of its being ac^ ed, amounts to about z\ per Cent, on Moneyi sent by cepted; nay, One of the Gentlemen even does not re- Ships of1 War: Nor could frequent Opportunities hav£ member whether they themselves went with their Propor been wanting of fending on board his Majesty’s Ships fal, when it was presented. such further Supplies of Money, as might at any time

And your Committee having also examined Charles have been necessary for that Service: But \t it had beeii Hanbury Williams Esquire, a Member of this House, ‘thought more adviseable to have supplied Part of this touching the Conversation that passed between Mr. Bur- Expente by Draughts from thence, there can be no doubt nil, Mr. Bristow, and Lord Cathcart, at Mr. Williams's but that the Deputy Paymaster, being furnished with f Office, have also added his Examination to the others, in proper Proportion of Specie from hence, would have beoji the Appendix (N° 3.); to which they beg Leave'to able to keep up the Exchange at /.' 140 :. And,*jn thajt refer. . case, no Charge would have attended that Part so.sup

Your Committee cannot find, that any Notice or Inti- plied, mation was given to any Person, except what passed be- It further appears, that, in the Course of this Affair, tween the Earl of Orford and the Contractors, as is be- and before the Departure of Lord Cathcart, still greatef fore-mentioned, of the Intention of the Treasury to make Indulgencres were granted to the Contractors for* by"1 this Contract; for it appears by the Examination of James their First Proposal, the Sum of £. 27,000 only was ty Knight Esquire (which is annexed in the Appendix N* be advanced them by the Treasury before the Departure 4.), That when he heard the Troops were going to Ja~ of the Troops; but the subsequent Payments were not t<* tnaica, and was told, the Treasury would contract with be made to them till they produced the Deputy Pay-private Persons for paying them, he did himself intend to maftef’s Bills or Receipts: And yet, on the 30th of Sep-make an Offer for furnishing the Money; but, in very tember following, which was before the Departure of the few Days after, he heard the Treasury had agreed with Troops, /. 12,000 was further advanced to them by the Mr. Burrell and Mr Bristow at the Rate of £. \zo. And Paymaster-General, for their Bill of that Date; and, on he did not believe, the Treasury ever gave any Notice of the 1 ft of October, £. 9,500 more was advanced to them their Intentions to make any such Contract: That what by the Paymasterof the Marines, for their Bill of the 30th he expected, was not it formal publick Notice, but that it of September; and, on the 23d of December, further should have been communicated to Merchants, as lie has Sum of £: 12,000 was advanced by the 1 aymaft, er Gene-heard has been practised in Queen Aim's Wars: And had ral, for their Bill of that Day’s Date; and, qn ‘ the ‘6th this been done, he believes,' several, besides himself, would of January, a further Sum of £. 9,000 was advanced by have propoted; and that he himself wotild have furriished the Paymaster of the Marine^ for their Bill of^he 31st

' v of

i.6jGeq.1I. $9*

oi December; all in consequppce of of ;th£ T*ear. c ^nd; it [farther- apjH&fc^to^yoor, Gominktee* th#r on \ inquiMritita

fury, as in the Appendix (N° 5.) .!*;...-! the 5th of'/June, 174?,; there;'is entered in the Treasury: £»ri °£r '

Here your Cornmkteq cannot help observing, That the Bqqks d}\eJo}lowing Minute: , ^oudSa# -O

paying these Sums, amounting to £. 4^,500^ oyer and: " MVt:#rftpw, Q#$°i;the Renders for the°

above the £. 27,000 originally advanced, before therehad "ftje&x is called in, aind:acquaints my Lords, vThat he . been any Disbursements on the Part of the Contractors, and Mr. Burrell have discharged such ofothei^FatSorss: altered the Nature of the Contract, an,d,rendered it n^uch , <c and Agents at Jamaica, as misbehavecj therafflves in more, beneficial than as it was originally proposed bjt&e - their Chhduftatrthit supplying the MoneyYqV the Pub-Contra&ors themselves. , .; . " lick Service there; apd that, , as General JVenty^ortlt

Mr. Burrell said, He did offer Half of his Shareto,; " has applied for the/Tjobps to Bc patd atjthe Rafe of his Brother, and: a:Gentleman engaged in Business with: " fif per will take cqre^h^ the Remft-

him; but they thought it too great a Risque for them to a tane^s ffiiTl be made accord ingly.J,^';

run: He like wife mentioned it to another Gentleman,.: And; bi ttie iot^of JulyfollowingjfMi^t^ whom he did not name* who would not accept of its ers of this'Treasury agrde and order*~"^fi5t Messieurs That these Refusals were very early, before any thing, " Burrell and Bristow pay the Troops in Akcrica at the was done in it, more than passing the Contract; and, that { " Rater Currency foe i£<(iQb Stdtl-

he mentioned them, to shew, that he thought he had no >. ":ing frona^the 24th f>{:[^prtl preceding." iI>lt * »,!: I great Bargain of it. And, from the Examinations of Mr. Now, jour Cpmmkte6(observe, on this, new Contract*

Burrell and MvyBrifiow, it further appears, That, some first proposed ,on the $ph;of June \741, and finally\regufM time after the Making of the Contract, they offered Mr. lated on ther 1 otji of; July, following, That Mh Qnkbtookti’

Monson, a Member of this House, \ Part of it, as far as' the Deputy, Paymastery.at r Jamaica, did,. w the .2x4th of it related to the Payment of the Troops in the Office February preceding* being 19 Weeks befotethe Settling: where he is Deputy; which heaccepted of; afldjhas: of the said ConjtraS,d,raW; Bills on th^Paymaster General shared accordingly the Profits of this Contract ftonii they to;the Amount of £ l>%5&y all atythojfta/c of ^1130;

Beginning. And, some time after, the Earl of Qrforft] apjd ;djd?: in his Letter of thebefore-mem* mentioned to Mr* Burrell, that Mr. Hanbury William tioned, acquaint thQ Paymaster General; tbaLhediad hap-P had desired him to speak to him, Mr. Burrell, that One, pily.overcome all Opposition, and could assure him, bn of Mr. Williams's Friends might have a Share in the Re- go^d()Gmunds, that, what ever Money might, be necefiaty; mittances jp but he added. You are to do, just as you tp, be raised.for th0j^pryice^ would bt fobnd at Jamaica£ please; I don’t-afle you to let any body in; for the Cqrtr. for. Bills, on the Pajjnafter General for jf. 130, and up*> trad is yours. And soon afterwards, Mr. Hanbury. Wi/- wards: And this,; last.Letter is dated;above 10 Week*

Hams spoke to the Contradors, and told them,:that he had before the Proposal of Mr.. Burrell and Mr* BriftnO ioi a.R elation, one Mr. Hanbwy, a West India Merchant, to ame, nd their Contract, and.above 15 Weeks before t?he whom he had Obligations j and as he had Money and final Acceptation of that Proposal by the Treasury. Ah&

Effects at Jamaica, he desired he might be concerned i it is worthyof Observation, that, in che;Motnths:of,

Part with them for the future; which he has accordingly unary, February, March,. April, and.Afr/y, preceding, the been, in what relates to the Payment of the in ip which this\^ecpnd Contract at £1,25,was enew

Mr. Hanbury Williams's Office, . blished.by the Treasury, there were drawn from.Jamaica

And it appears to your Committee, that neither the no Jess than 39 Rills for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy one nor the other of those Gentlemen advanced any Mo- most of them at t;kp:statefof £ii 35, and the Remainder, ney, or were concerned in the Management 5 but were at the Rate of £. 140. :\ ! t’;:i

to be Sharers in the Profit or Loss only. And it appears toyoOf Coramittee, That several Bills,

And it further appears to your Committee, that, on the amounting to thejjum of ^.f 1,39a, i^i.-were drawn oti Arrival of the Troops at Jamaica, znd the tendering the the Paymaster of the Marines by his Deputy, between Money to thepi at £. 120, Jamaica Currency, great Dif- the 18th of February 1740,^and ldoiAuguJ? 1741; Part contents were expressed by the Officers, and some actually of which Bills, amounting to £. 5,00p, were drawn in refused to receive it; and with Time the Discontent in- the Month of February preceding the new Contract: That crpafed, and nothing was talked of lo much amongst the these Bills were paid by . Mr. Burrell and Mr*1 Bristow j Oiiicers of the Army,' as the Hardship of being paid at and that Money was iflied to them for that Purpose £. 120, when the Exchange was at £. 140: Every one of by:the Paymaster of the Marines: But your Committee them became a Calculator, and complained that he loft have not been able to discover at what Rate of Lxchangd £.16. 6s. on every £ 100; he being paid his ^,120 they were drawn»; nor dpe$. it appear whether Mr. Bur

Jamaica Money with 62 Moidores, which is no. more re//and Mr. Briftotv have been allowed to take the Pr6-than £. 8j. 14s. Sterling: All which appears by the fit arising from the Difference, between j 20; the Rate Letters of Colebrooke and General Wentworth, annexed of the;Contract, and the_ Rate of Exchange the Bills in the Appendix (N° 6.) So truly were the Fears of were drawn at.:

Lord Cathcart verified ! And ft further, appears to your Corrimittee, diat/the

And this Uneasiness among the Troops was greatly in- Bills dj*a\yn by* the Deputy Paymaster fforu Jantaicason , creased by the*peremptory Refusal of the Agents, of Mr. the Payjnafter General, when the'Agents of Mr. Burrell Burrell and Mr. Bristow to furnish the Deputy Paymaster and Mr. Briftoiv refused to supply him, amounting to the at Jamaica with any Money upon their Credit, arising. Sum of £.29,216., $s. 3^; and which were draWn in the as Mr. Colebrooke fays in his Letter of 20th February, Months ,of February and March \^o; and in April*

1740 (marked B), in the Appendix (N° 6.), from their May, June, Jaly, and August, 174L> at; ^*'130, 135,

Views of appropriating the Profit to themselves, and be- ^37 and at last atJ £.140, were lent for Pa} meat to ing dazzled with the Prospect of getting 15 or zo per Mr. Burrell and^M* Bristow, and also, that Money. wras Cent, instead of 2 per Cent. their Commission,. Wppn this, jffued from the Pay Office to them, todischarge the said the Deputy Paymaster took up Money from other Per- Rills; although it does not appear to your Committee Jons, and gave them Bills on the Paymaster General; and what Pretence of Right the Contra/stors could have, to the though there were (as appears by the Ext.ra<ft$ of Letters JPfofijt arising from any of these Rills, after the Forfeiture of the Deputy Paymaster, of the 20th of February and of their Bargain, by thp Refulkl, of their Agents to Fur* the 23d March 1740-1, which are marked (B and, D) in nish the Deputy Paymaster at Jamaica. 1

the Appendix, N° 6.) Combinations to distress.fiinl; yet Bqt though these Rills were thus paid by Mr. Burrell the First Bills he thus drew were at the Rate of £. 1305 and Mr. Bristow, yetyour Committee find, That, on the and he, by degrees, raised the Exchange so, that at last .15th of December last, the:Paymaster General made a Re-he drew at £. 140, whilst the Troops still continued tp presentation of this Matter to the Treasury, as in the Ap-be paid at ^.120. . ... pendix (N°7.); praying a Direction oj the Commis-

Vol. 24. fipners,

estoGoOQ

A. I

Inquiry into. Earl o/;« < Or ford's Con4tftt.

tohetfcrir the Profit ’o^ 'BHfftWrice arifing167'the uporithe Refufil of the Gontratftbrs Agents to furtiifh ’ E^XdhaOge on the said RilisfltooidbeRecounted for*arid: him with Money. LII

paid to the Agents of the said Gbntra&ors, or referred in ' Your Committee cannot but observe, that the Trek-tbi& Hands of his Deputy, for tfoe Uft and Benefit of the fury, inestablishing this new Contract, where the Con-; Puiblic: And your Committee flnd^thefoilowing Minute‘ tracers proofed the Advance froth £.120 to £. 125, in tfo*Scx)fcsdf the TWafury: - ttMtomthence from the5th of June 1741, order it with:

, . J Contract was upon just and equal Terms, why the Con-'’

traders Submitted to any Advance at all; and if it was ribtiipon equal Terms, why the Treasury did not ex-teriddhelr* Retrofpe#; and order it to b£ redified from the Commencement v '

: And lo little was the Publick to availkself of this In-' justice to the Soldier, that when the Cohtradors could furnifti no Money at aFI, from their Agents refuting tdr ' attfwer their Credit; and consequently the Contract Was dissolved, and the Army must have starved, if the Deputy. Payrnafter, who is the Officer of the Publick, had hof* Words: Three per Cent. Commission we pay in Ja~ procured Money, by Draughts upon the Pay Office at maka:v Whereas- it appears by their Exahhinations,’ £. 130, 135, up to 140, Jamaica Currency, for £. 100 that they paid One per Cent, only to their Agent Mr. Cole- Sterling; yet those very Bills Were (offered to Be paid by

..... the Comradors, and publick Money issued to them to

" Read #) Jto.my Lqrds 3. Meotiorial ffom the feme» f ^'Payrnaftqr,‘dated the 15th Th.stant, jefeting to the> " Remittances of Pay for the Tropps in Arpfrica^ with " relped, to the Jamaica Currency} ap4 ordered a " Copy thereof to be feat to the Remittw, for their . v Answerih^eto.^ v.: m/

To which the Remitters gave in thfeir Answer, annexed in the Appendix (N61); in which it is remark (able, that,' in Hating; their several Charges upon-fending oVd'Specie to- Jamaica^, they make one Charge in the following

btoofar, for the Money feat out-with Lord Gat A cart.

This’ Answer Was reteived ©ftthe 5th of Febmary^jkh.; and nothing appears^to have been done upon it* while' the Earl of Qrfotdcontinued in the Treasury.

1 Your Committee have been obliged to dwelt thetonger upon this Oont^ad, because t-iie whose Behaviourbfefhe Earl of Orford, whb had the foie Direction of it, seems so extraordinary, that they fear this Part of their Report would warn Credit, if they had not defeended intb the' most minute Particulars of it.

Here they find a Contract entered into upon the good Faith of the Proposers only, with an Ignorance of the Value of the Exchange, whether reakor affected, does not appear to your Committee; and that Defed1 so far from being endeavoured to be supplied, by- admitting Propofols, or Information, from any ©ther-Merchants, that it leemed a determined Point to (hut it but, even when it feemedjto obtrude itself upon him from the very Offices subject co his Inspect ion.

But as if this Injury to the Troops, and Injustice to the Nation, had been too little, he rendered this Chh-trad more advantageous to the Contractors than their most languine Expectation originally suggested to them.

For though, by the Terms of the Contract, the Publick was to advance £.27,000 only in Money; yet we find the further Sum of £. 41,000 advanced to them before the Arrival of the Troops in America. *' "

And your Committee observe, that the Shares of the Profits of this Contract were dealt out to the Deputy of the Pay Office, and to a Friend of the Payrnafter of the Marines, at the Request of the said Payrnafter, without any Advance of Money, or Trouble, on their Part: Arid it iswery remarkable, that these Shares were confined to the Sums issued from the respective Offices.

And here youT Committee rtiuft: observe, from- the whole Course of this Proceeding, that neither the Inter eft of the Soldier* or the Publick, seemed to have been the Object of the Eari of Or ford's Attention.

The Cries of the injured Soldiers, who had loft Orte Day’s Pay in Seven, where Provisions of all Kinds bear an excessive Price, made so little Impression, that the only Relief they obtained was an Advance of their Pay upon the Contract from 120 to £. 12 J; though there had been drawn upon the Navy Office* during the Six Months preceding, several Bills, none at lese than £.135* and some at,£. 140. And though the Deputy to tfiri Paymaster General likewise, 19 Weeks before,1 had drawn upon the Office at £. 130, and, 15 Weeks before, had written to the Payrnafter General, that he might depend upon being furnished with whatever Sums should be wanted, at £-130, and upwards; nor could there be any R*a-son to fear a Di&ppointment in relying upon those Affu-rances. of the Deputy Payrnafter, because to his Care wholly it was owing that they were not difeppointed* 17

pay the same; but by whose Order does not appear to ybor Committee:

As if the Profits arising from the advanced Prices of; those Bills, drawn by a public Officer upon the Public, had beloriged to the Contractors.

And your Committee observe, that when, on the 15th of December last, the Payrnafter prayed Directions from the Treasury, whether the Profits on those Bills should be paid to the Contractors, or reserved for the Benefit' of the Publick, even that could not be obtained, wlrii^ the Earl of Orford remained in the Treasury.

Your Chm mi t tee now proceed to lay before you tty£ great Part which the Earl of Orford appears to have had in severalTranrfaCfcions which nearly concern the Freedom of Elections, and the Independency of Parliament; and they have the greatest Reason to believe, that, had the Persons employed in these dark TransaClions beefiiprb'*-perly indemnified, many Discoveries would have beert made of the utmost Importance.

Your Committee having, in therr former Report, laid before you the Share which Mr. Paxton tnd Lawton 'h.ad in carrying bn the Prosecutions relating to the Borouglt of Orford, and particularly that Lawton had ' declared^ that he did not pretend to say he should not'be reimbursed his Expences on that Head, think fit4 now to acquaint you, that Mr. Abraham Farley, being exaftiitied; said, That, about January1736, Mr. Lawton told him, there was-an Order made out at the Treasury in his, Farley', s, Name, for £. 1,200, and bid him go and receive it; which lie did, and paid it over immediately to the said Ltiivton.

Arid Mt. Rickard Banks, upon his Examination, salt#. That John Lawton Esquire, of the Exchequer, appeared to be his Client in the Prosecutions- relating tb Orford^ though he did riot know what Relation Mr. Lawton had to the Borough of Orford; but he believed that what Mr. Lawton did, was to oblige^ Sir Robert. Walpole, to whom, he appre&erided, Lawton was under Obligations: That the whole Bill of near £. 3,0*00, which these Prosecutions amounted to, was never iktisfied: That Mr. Lawton, Paxton\ and he, Banks, met about it, and, after a godd deal of Time allowed to examine the Bill, they, on the 15th of December 1736, came to a dated Account, when there was a* Balance of 1,200 and odd Pounds in his, Banfis^s, fovour, which Mv. Lawton^ agreed he would pay in a Fortnight’s Time; and he did soon after pay £. 5O0 to Paxton, who paid Banks £. rod thereof, and promised soon to pay more. The remaining 700 and odd Polands have not yet been paid; That he. Banks, did, about Two Years ago,- file a Bill againPaxton in Chancery* tb bring hinf tb ah Account: That, in 'this Bill, Mr. Lawfbn-&iis made a;Defendant and that LaivtonytO his Answer, did swear, that he detained the £.700;!^ fits

fiends.

16 Geo. It. JO* J

Hands, to reimburse himself what was due to hiift from Paxton, and to secure the £.200 (till unpaid to Mr. Masterman for his Bill.

Mr. Leonard Martin, an Attorney* and Partner with his Father-in-Law Mr. Paxton, being examined, laid, That he has been concerned in several Suits about the Borough of Colchester; and that he had his chief Directions therein from Mr. Daniel, an Attorney at Colchester, though Mr. Lawton sometimes interfered; and that, soon after Lawton's Death, he received a Letter from Daniel, us annexed in the Appendix (N° 9.): That he received £. 133 for Fines, to which the Prosecutors were intitledi That, he believed, he advised with Lawton about framing a Petition to the Treasury for the King’s remaining Two-thirds of the Fine: That Lawton, who seemed very desirous of Success in the Affair of that Corporation, approved of it; and he believed Lawton might say, he would speak about it: That he (Martin) thereon drew the Draught of a Petition, and sent it to Daniel, to get it signed; and, on its Return, he procured a Warrant from the Treasury, directing Paxton to pay him £. 280: That the Warrant was dated 10th July 1741; and that he received the Money on 26th January last; and did imagine these Prosecutions were with a View of influencing the Election, and to turn the Borough, and to get out the Mayor, and get the Returning Officer.

By all this it appears. That the Management of this Affair was lodged in the Hands of Paxton's Partner and Son-in-Law, and the Expences attending it were, in Part, paid By the said Paxton, in consequence of a Warrant of the Treasury: But though your Committee here met with a fresh Instance of the Solicitor of the Treasury intermeddling in Matters relating to Elections, yet they did not think fit to examine him again; having little Keaton to expert he would make any Discoveries, after the other House had rejected the Bill, by which he would have been indemnified: and Your Committ.ecannot determine what could induce the Earl of Or for a to continue Paxton in his Office upwards of 11 Years, and to suffer him to defer accounting for any Fart of the large Sums which were, from time to time, issued to him, till the 9th of February v last, and then to account for Two Years only, in so precipitate a Manner; but must submit to the Judgment of this House, whether that Indulgence was owing to a criminal Neglect, or to a more criminal Confederacy.

Your Committee now proceed to lay before you a Transadlion relating to the Borough of Weymouth.

Mr. Richard Jordan, being examined, said. That he was Mayor of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis in the Year 1740; That, on the 16th Day of June in that Year, Mr. Pearfe and Mr* Olmius came down to Weymouth: That Mr. Pearfe applied to him, Jordan, and desired his Vote and Interest for himself and Mr. Olmius, and Two others in petto, whom he did not name; and told him at the same time, that there would be a Letter produced, obljjgr inghim, and all the Officers in the Service* to wote for Mr. Pearfe and his Friends: That then Mr.'.Pearfe dfr fired him to go with him in private: That, when they were alone, Mr. Pearfe said he was desirous to have the Corporation filled up; and that a Hall should be called for that Purpose: And he further requested, -that, he^r-dat£ would meet him, Mr. O/miys, and fpmepther Friend&i but Mr. Jordan refused to meet.Mr.Olmius, and then Mr. Pearfe left him: That, on the: 1,8th Day of June, Mr. Pearfe came to his House about Nopn, and told him, that if he would come into the Measures of him, Pearfe, and his Friends, and fill up the Corporation, in order ro have a Returning Officer, or Words tp that Effedb, he had it in Commission to lay, that he, Jordan, should have the Collection of the Port of Weymouth in a Month’s Time, and a Letter from Sir Robert Walpole, under his own Hand, to make good that Promile. Mr. Pearfe then went from his House, and returned about Four of the Clock the same Day, and brought to him a List of such of the Revenue Officers as were to be displacad: He took this Lift, which was wrote in Mr. Pearfe's own Hand, and read it over; and, after Mr. Pearfe was gone, he wrote it down from

VOL. 24.

hnii. 29 j

his Own MettlorJr: And it app^afed to Jpnt Committee, Inquiry into by this and the subsequent Examinations, that several of °J,

the Persons, therein named, were diiplaced accordingly. ^oniia. And Mr. Jordan further laid, That on the same Day, as he thinks, Mr. Pearfe told him, he did not doubt of prevailing on Mr. Charles Taver and Mr. John Carfwell vho were Aldermen, and others: That he should wait upon them, and convince them, that they were going against their own Interests, the Interest of the Government, and their Duty to his Majesty; and again pressed him, Jordan, to fill up Six of the Vacancies with Friends of his, Pearfe's, who are most of them since provided for: That he further told Jordan, that if he was sure of the Returning Officer,

Sir Robert Walpole would fend down Two other Candidates: That Mr. Pearfe soon after went to London, but returned to Weymouth on the 30th of June, and sent a MefTage to him, Jordan, by Mr. Richard Arbuthnot, desiring to speak with him at Captain Tizzarcfs; but he,

Jordan, told the Messenger, that Mr. Pearfe knew very well where he lived, and he should not go to the Captain’s House: That the Messenger replied, Mr. Pearfe had a Letter from Sir Robert Walpole to shew him: That when Mr. Arbuthnot found that he would not go to Mr.

Pearfe at Captain Gizzard's, be told him, he would go and fetch the Letter; and accordingly went, and brought the Letter; which he, Jordan, read, and took it to be addressed to Mr. Pearfe; the Purport of which was, that whatever Mr. Pearfe promised to him, Jordan, Sir Robert Walpole would make it good; and that Jordan's Brother-in Law, Mr. Franklyn, a Clergyman, should have the tirft Living that fell in the Gift of the Crown, or the Seals, worth his Acceptance: That, with milch Persuasion, he did meet Mr. Pearfe at Mr. Txzzards Summer-house:

That Mr. Pearfe there shewed him this Letter again, and told him it was Sir Robert Walpole's Letter: That it was signed R. Walpole, and he apprehends it was all wrote in the same Hand with the Signing: That, at this Meeting,

Mr. Pearfe told him, You have Four Aldermen nowab-sent; I would have you call a Hall, and fill up the Corporation: That he replied, he thought Mr. Pearfe had been long enough acquainted with him, to think that he would not be prevailed on by base Means to betray his Friends i And he furthet said, That, on the 19th of September, in the same Year, being Two Days before the Ele<fbon for Mayor came on, a Letter was produced to him from the Corrynissioners of the Customs, importing, that his Deputation, as Land-waiter, was superleded, and Robert, the Brother of Richard Arbuthnot, who first brought Sir Robert Walpole's Letter to him, was to succeed him; and he said, he had been employed in the Custom-house ever fine* the Year 1712; and had been Land-waiter in the Port of Weymouth from the 4th of May 1729, to the Time of his Dismission.

The Reverend Mr. Franklyn, being examined, said.

That, on the lft Day of July 1740, Mr. Pearfe, being then at Weymouth> sent for him to shew him, as he said, bow much he had his^ Franklyn's, Interest at Heart; but that he was sorry to tell him, he was afraid his Brother Jordan, would spoil all his Endeavours to serve him; for that Mr# Jordan had promised to come into his, Pearfe\ Meafujes* but. now attempted to evade his Promise; but however,. Mr. Pearfe, to convince him what a Friend he intended td have been to him, shewed him a Letter, which was signed R. Walpole; the Purport of which was, " You " have given me so good a Character of Mr. Jordan, that " whatever Preferment you shall think reasonable to offer " him shall be made good: And as for his Brother-id* u law Mr. Franklyn, he shall have the Fifft Living that he will accept of, which falls in the Gift of the drown,

" or the Seals:" That Mr. Pearfe at the same time tofii him, that he expected his Brother Jordan would call a Hall, and fill up the Corporation; which fie, Franklyn, took to be to get a Returning Officer: And Mr. Pearfe said. Since his Brotherjordan had refused him, he had nothing now to trust to, unless he, Franklyn, could influence him; That he told Mr. Pearfe, he did not like the A fair, and would not meddle with ic; And Mr. Pearfe then re-

4F plied,

394 3°°.

Inquiry into plied. If fair Means would not do, foul must; and he

Orlord^s thought Mr. Pease explained what he meant by foul

CondutK Means; for he laid, He must have at their Charter; and he thinks their Charter has been since attacked; for, Three Months after, Mr. Pearfe attempted to set up a Mayor, in a Manner contrary to the usual Custom of the Place; and Mr. Pearfe's Friends have filed several Informations in the King’s Bench against the Corporation.

Thomas Pease Esquire, being examined, said, That, fonie time before the last General Eieftion, Mr. Joyiux, of Weymouth, was sent up to London by his, Pease's, Friends, with a Scheme for the Removal and Promotion of several Officers of the Revenue at the Port of Weymouth 5 without which Alterations, though he, Pease, himself might be chose at the General Election, yet it was impracticable to carry all the Four Members. Part of this Scheme was to remove William Clapcott Esquire, from being Governor of Portland Castle, and Mr. Richard Tucker from > being feeceiver of the Hawkers and Pedlars. , and Surveyor of the King’s Quarries in Portland; which last, with the Salary of £. 500 per Annum, and £. 40 for a Clerk, was to be divided between Mr. Tizzard\ the then Collector, and Mr. Bryor; which Alterations took Place: That Mr. Olmius generally transacted with Sir Robert Walpole every thing about the Election: That he, Pease, apprehended that all the Removes, that were to, be made, were with a View to influence the Election; and Mr. Olmius and he went together to Sir Robert Walpole, to consult on Measures for carrying on the Election; but he believes, that the Scheme was not shewed Sir Robert Walpole, but only talked over.with him: He further said, That when he was at Weymouth in the Summer 1740, he was told by Mr. Jordan, thethsn Mayor, ifvhe. was made Collector in the room of Mr. Tizzard,i that hewould fill uptheCorporation, in order tochoofea Return ing'Gffii'e'r, against the-General Election; but that he, Jordan, would not think 6f doing any such thing, unless he saw a Letter of it under SirR<^ ber( Walpole's ow,n Hand: That when he came tp-London, he did acquaint’Sir Robert with the Desire of Mr. Jordan and he, Pearfe, had a Letter from him, the Purport of which was, That whatever Friends Mr. feafeihtfuld re- commend, he, Sir Robert Walpole, would endeavour to provide for: That he is 'welhacquainted with Sir Rctbeit Walpole's Hand, and belieyes the Letter to be of 'his Writing: That Mr. Franklyn, a Clergyman^Brottoefdn* Law to Mr* Jordan, was! particularly mentioned in the Letter; Sir Robert Walpole saying, he would use his Endeavours to get him any Living that should become vacant, in the Gift of the Crown or of the Lord Chatitellor: Thatbe, Pearfe, rfctufned with this Letter to Weymouth, and did shewitto Mr. Franklyn, and, he believes, tO‘Mr. Jordan; and he thinks,:it wasin. a Conversiuion he-had with Mr. Jordan in Mr. Tizzard's Sutnmer-house 5 but that Mr. Jordan flew off from his Pibpoial, saying, Employments might be given one Day, and taken away the nejtt $ which much surprised him; arid, in a Day or Two, he quitted the Borough, and came to London :- That he did not know but, after the Ele&ifcn was oves, he might say to Mr. Frankly Have at your Charter! Thati*e did not Icnow what was. become af Sir Robert 'Walpole'i Letter,; but he believed:he has since burnt it; That wh&frhe returned, from Weymouth, after Mr.v Jordan*-s< fefiifal, he called oaSir Robert Walpole, smd told him he had been di(*ppointed in his Schemfe‘: Tha* Sir Robert encouraged fnnfito proceed; and he was told by Mt. Olmius, that Sir Robert Walpole had-recommended to him, Olmius, Mr. Chbhpondeley arid Mr. Plumer, to join with him, Olmius; and that he, Pearfe, did join with them. u john Olmius Esquire, being examined, said, That there was a rough Scheme of Alterations in the Officers of the Revenue at Weymouth, which was talked over at Mt. Ptarfe's, and was intended to facilitate' the Election at Weytyouth: That :the>Persons who were mentioned to be advanced had all Interest in Weymouth .* That he and Mr. Peagfewere with Sir Robert Walpole, to desire that the Surveyor’s-Place might be given to Mr. Tizzard and Mr. fryeri hvtf.he does not recolledtif the whole Scheme was

: q r

Junii. 1742.

shewed to Sir Robert Walpole, or no; nor can he recolleCb Sir Robert Walpole's Aofwer about the Scheme; but Sij Robert Walpole was very flow in promoting Tizzard and Bryor: That Olmius had an old Servant, whom he Wanted to provide for; and he told Mr. Tizzard and Mr.‘ Rryor,* that as he had so much Trouble to get them the PJace, he expected they should give his Servant /.50/tfr Annum; which they agreed to; but it has not yet been paid; for they have not as yet received their own Salaries: That Sir Robert Walpole said one Day to this Examinant, that Colonel Cholmondeley and Mr. Plurner were" very good Men; on which, Mr. Olmius laid, he wouId-give them all the Interest he could.

Your Committee find, that though these Endeavour^, of the Earl of Orford to influence the Voters of Weymouth, and to procure a proper Returning Officer, by thus placing and displacing the Officers of the Revenue, did* at that tjme, prove ineffeChial; yet, just before the Election catne on, another Attempt was made of the same Nature, though with as little Success as before. 4 For, f Mr. Ezekiel Pomeroy, Chief Clerk to the Clerk of thd Cheque at Deptford, beingexamined, said That on or about Monday the 27th of April, in the Year 1741, Eight or Teri Days before the Weymouth Ele&ioh came on, the Reve-j rend Mr. Morgan came to his House at Deptford, between Five and Six of the Clock in the Morning, and asked him, If he was willing to go on a particular Message to Mr. Tucket* at Weymouth, which would be of singular Service to Mr. Tucker, as well as to him, Pomeroy ? That he answered, he was willing to do any thing, which could be of any Service either to Mr. Twrfor or himself; but that he must have Leave to be absent from Duty.: Mr: Morgan told him, he was going to Town to wait on Sir Robert Walpole, and he would return as soon as possible; and, about Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the famd Day, Morgan returned to him again, arid told him he'had got Leave for him; for Sir Robert Walpole \iaA written a Letter to Sir Jacob Ackworth for Leave: That Sir Robert had inquired much of Morgan who 'Pomeroy Was, and if he alight be safely depended on; and that Morgan ftid, he had answered to Sir Robert Walpole for his Fidelity and; between Three and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon on the same Day, he, Pomeroy, came to Town witK Morgan, who carried him to the Crown Tavern behind the Exchange, where they met Mr. Olmius, and they Tbrei difced together; and, after Dinner, Mr. Olmius told him, Pomeroy, that he found by Mr. Morgan, he was willing to go on the Message to Mr. TuckerHe, Pomeroy, then asked him what the Message was ? and Mr. Olmius told him, if he would go down to Mr. Tucker, and tell hini, that if he would but agree to take him, Olmius, Mr. Pearfe, and another Friend, who was not mentioned, hd, Olmius, was commissicmed from Sir Robert Walpole to afr fare him, Tucker, that every Friend of *hrs, that had be^ displaced should have their Places again, or any others titrit Mir. Tucker should please to’ask; and as for Tinker ‘himself, he should have any thing he Would be pleased to dfk; anff that if he, Tucker, doubted of thb Venicity of the Message, and either'he or his Brother wouldporilis to Town, they should be frilly satisfied of the Truth of it*; and that he,*Pomervyx'v:'z$ not to commiuni'-cate this Message td ariy'other Perfohstmt to thi^Tucker'L and Pomeroy's, Father, who had been Postmaster, but Was then out: Upon* this,* he bbfeiVed to Mr. 01 min), that Mr. Pease, who was his Patron, was then in Dorset-fhtre: That*he woutff wonder to fee him, arid would ask him Questions; and he defrred to know, if lie rriight be at Liberty to acquaint him, Pearfe, with the Message. On this, Mr. Olmius said, he would write to Mr. Pearfe^ :and he did write a Letter tohim, which he gave unsealed to him, Fomtroy, who read it Two or Three times; and it was in Substance as follows: Sir, Mr. Pomeroy conies ori

a special Message from our good Friend Sir R. WF which he* Pomeroy, said he understood to mean S. Robert Walpole*; is which Message he is not to communicate to <c any body but those to whom he b sent; therefore ask him no*Questions; but be assured, that nothing shrill

’ 1 be

i6 Geo. II. 30°

4C he done or transa&ed, but what shall beforyourlnte-u rest, as well as for that of your humble Servant, John (t OlmiusIn consequence of this, he, Pomeroy, set out Pod the next Morning, which was on Tuesday, for Wey-mouth, and arrived there on Wednesday at Nine in the Morning: That he waited on Mr. Tucker, and found him and his Brother both together: He told them the Particulars of the Message from Mr. Olmius; and he was answered by Mr. Tucker, that a Proposal of that Kind was absolutely too late; that his Word and Honour was engaged, and he would not go from it for any Consideration: He further said, that Mr. Tucker asked him, If he had brought any Letter from Sir Robert Walpole ? to which he said, No. He further said, that Mr. Morgan and Mr. Olmius had often told him, that if Mr. Tucker and his Friends refused to agree with Mr. Olmius, and join their Interest to his, it would be the total Ruin of Mr. Tucker and his Brother, and the'Overthrow of the Charter.

John Olmius Esquire, being again examined, and not recolleding several things which had been mentioned by Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Pomeroy was called in; and he repeated the same Evidence which he had before given; and the Minutes, taken by the Clerk, of that Evidence were also read in the Presence of Mr. Olmius; who, then recollecting himself, confirmed the fame: And further said, That he did communicate to Sir Robert Walpole his Intention to fend a Message to Mr Tucker: That he told him he had got Mr. Pomeroy, who was a Relation of Mr. Tucker's, to go down to use his Interest with him: That Sir Robert said, By all means do: That he told Sir Robert Walpole, that if Mr. Tucker came to Town in cpnlequence thereof, his. Sir Robert's, Assistance would be necessary for the Replacing of Mr. Tucker's Friends: That Sir Robert Walpole said, it was a very good Thought: That he would do every thing that lay in his Power to serve him and his Friends; and that this was the Substance of what paired between them.

The Reverend Mr. John Morgan, being examined, and not; readily recoileding some Circumstances mentioned by Mr. Pomeroy, he was ordered to attend the Committee with Mr. Pomeroy; who then repeating what he, Pomeroy? formerly said on his Examination, Mr. Morgan did then agree, that the principal Part of what he, Pomeroy, at ferted to have passed between them, was true:

And further and particularly said, That Six Robert Walpole did write a Letter in his Presence to One of the Commissioners of the Navy, for Leave for Pomeroy to be absent; which Letter he, Morgan, carried to Sir Jacob Aczvortk. . ' r.

To such notorious Attacks as these upon the.Freedom of Elections, your Committee apprehend, are owing the great, and possibly unwarrantable, Expences that*particular Persons may have been drove to engage in: Some Expences the Laws allow, by regulating the Manner of them ;* and those who engage in illicit Expences are fob-ject to heavy penal Laws; but there are none particularly adapted-to the same of a Minister, who clandestinely eiij* ploys the Money of the Publick, and the whole Powef and profitable Employments that attend the Collecting and Disposing of it, against the People; and, by this Profusion and criminal Distribution of Offices,. in ,some meaftire ju (lines the Expence that particular Persons arp obliged to be at, by making it necessary to the Preservation of all that is valuable to a free Nation: For, in that Cafe, the Contest is plain and visible; it is, whether the Comr mens shall retain the Third State in their own Hands-; whilst this whole Dispute is carried on at the Expence of the People, and, on the Side of the Minister, out of the Money granted to support and secure the constitutional Independency of the Three Branches of the Legislatur^, This Method of Corruption is as sure, and therefore, your Committee apprehend, as criminal, a Way offubr vesting the Constitution, as by an armed Force. It is.a Crime productive of a total Destruction of the very Ber ing of this Government; and is so high and uhnatiifaj, that nothing but the Powers of Parliament qan reach, it* and as it can never meet with parliamentary AnimadVer-VOL. 24.

Junii. . 295

fion, but when it is unfuccefsfiil, it must seek for its Se- Inquiry into curity in the Extent and Efficacy of the Mischief it produces: And therefore your Committee apprehend, it is Coridu& the more necessary foryour Confederation: while it wants of Success, yet leaves an Opportunity to preserv and maintain your Independency for the future.

Your Committee now proceed to lay before you the Conduct of the Earl of Orford with relation to the Quantity, and the Manner of issuing and receiving that Part, of the publick Money granted for the Support of the Civil Government, which has been employed in what is commonly called secret Services.

Your Committee having been informed, that this Mo-r ney had been issued under Three different Denominations, called for an Account, hereunto annexed (N° 10.), of all the Sums issued for secret Service, or for his Majesty’s immediate or special Service (the Money issued to his Majesty’s privy Purse excepted), or to reimburse Expences, during the last.Ten Years in whichRobert Earl of Orford was First Commissioner of the Treasury, fffc. And this Account having been laid before them, from the Auditor of the Exchequer’s Office, there appeared to be issued, under these Three Heads only, including the annual Sum of £.3,000 paid to each of the Secretaries of State for secret Service, the Sum of £. 1,453,400. 6. 3.

The issuing such an immense Part of the Money, given for the Support of the Civil Government, to these partiT cular Uses, during a Time of profound Tranquillity, till the late Rupture with Spain, greatly alarmed your Committee, and put them upon examining what Sums had been issued for the same Services in a former Period of the like Number of Years. And your Committee beg Leave to represent to you, that, exorbitant as this Sum ‘may seem, they would have suppressed this Part of their Report, if, by the Comparison they had entered upon, they could any ways have reconciled their Silence upon this Head to their Duty to this House, and the Nation: And your Committee hope, that the Period they have pitched \ipoh will evince the Truth of this Intention* as it comprehends a general and most experifive War Abroad, a ‘Demise of the Crown, the happy Establishment of the present Royal Family upon the Throne, and an open and dangerous Rebellion at Home; in short, every. Event that can happen to justify extraordinary Expences in carrying on the Business of Government: And it is not easy 19 express the Surprize of your Committee, when they found, by an Account laitlBefore them, which is annexed (N* 11.), that, from the iftof August 1707, to the iftpf Jugyft 1717* there was issued, under the aforesaid Heads, no more than the Suirt 9f£. 337,960. 4. 5f.

Your Committee observing, that the Solicitors of the Treasury for the-Time being, are the only Persons to whomrany of these Sums have been, issued, that are accountable for the fame;‘ and there having been issued to Mr. Paxton, the present; Solicitor, £. 68,806, in the la#

Ten Years in which the Earl of Orford was First Commit (ioner of the Treasury, and the Sum of £.‘58,516. 2. IQ. to Mr. Borret and, Mr. Crate her ode, lucceflively Solicitors, between the 1 ft of August 1707, and the ift of Ait-gujl 1717: These(Sums fybftracted from their respective Totals, the Remainders, wjilI be£. 1,384,600. .6. 3, i(-fued‘ for secret Services; during. the last Ten Years,".and £. 279,444/ i. 7L issued. for..the. like Services from the Year 1707^0 the Year 1717 By which it appears, that the Sum expended on these Services, during the last Tep Years, amounts to near Five times as much as what was expended, for the same Services, in the Ten Years, ending;the 1 ft: of August 1717; And your Committee cannot fee that any Exigency or Affairs, any Diminution of the national Debt, or Accession of Wealth to the Nation, has happened ,to justify such Profusion.

' And though your Committee very well apprehend, that nq Form of Government can subsist without a Power of employing public xMoney for Services, which are, from their Nature, secret, and ought always to remain so; yet, when such exorbitant Sums are issued for those Services, as, by passing through the Hands of a Minister, may become

296 # 30 0 JunA, 1742.

Inquiry into Earl of Or ford’* Conduit.

come dangerous to the Liberties of the People, your Committee thought themselves indispensibly obliged to lay it before you in all the Lights, which the very imperfect Evidence they have been able to procure can throw upon this nice and dangerous Brahch of Service.

Your Committee now proceed to lay before you the Proofs, that the Money issued under the Three Heads of secret Service, of Special Service, and to reimburse Expences, were understood to mean one and the same Thing.

Christopher Ttlfon Esquire, a Clerk in the Treasury, and who came into that Office in the Year 1684, said, on his Examination, " That he looked on all these’Monies to be <l of the same Nature: That they are all without Ac? " count, except as to what relates to the Solicitor of the " Treasury; nor is there any Entry in the Treasury of " the Application of any of these Sums of Money."

John Shepherd, a Deputy Messenger of the Treasury, who has received very large Sums under each of these Three Heads, being examined, said, " That the Warrants upon which he received Money at the Exche-<c quer under any of these Three Heads, whether in his " own Name, or in the Names of other Persons, were fc all without Account; and that he made no Distinction u whether the Orders were for special or secret Service. u or to reimburse Expences."

But your Committee observe, that all the Money issued under the Head of secret Service, is issued in the Name of John Seropc Esquire, Secretary of the Treasury; but the Orders for the Sums which were issued under the Heads of special Service, or to reimburse Expences, are payable to Mr. Lcwther, Mr. Richards, and Mr. Shepherd, Mefiengers of the Exchequer, and to a great Variety of other Names; for which Sums no Receipts appear to have been given 5 but none of those, to whose Names these Orders are payable, under either of these Three Heads, appear to have any Interest in the Sums thus issued.

And your Committee have the greatest Reason to believe, that many of the Orders for this Money were issued unknown to the Persons to whom they were made payable: For Mr. George Campbell, Banker in the Strand\ did, on his Examination before the Committee, declare, " That he was desired by the Earl of Hay to go to the <c Treasury, and take up an Order, which he would there " find issued in his own Name, and to carry it to the Earl " of Oxford: That he accordingly went to the Treasury, " where he received from One or the Clerks an Order "for the Sum of £.4,231. 4. 6, for special Service: " That he carried this Order to the Earl of Oxfordand <l indorsed it; and then the said Earl desired the Exa-"nunant to leave it for him at the Treasury: That he " accordingly did leave it at the Treasury with Mr. Chris-<r topher Lowe, One of the Clerks: That being at the <c Treasury, about (We other Affairs, in February lad, " he accidentally, (aw an Order, that was made out in his *c Name, for a Sum of Money, which, he believes, had " been signed Two or Three Days before; but that he <c had no Noticeirom the Earl of Hay, or any other Person, that such an Order would be made out in his "Name." l‘!

And Mr. Abraham Farley, being examined in relation to 'an Order, jn^j&rName, for £.1,200, said, "That, ""about the Ttlprith1 8f January 1736, Mr. Lawton told "‘him there was ah Order made out in his Name, and " bid him go and receive ’itThat he did receive it, but " not for his own Use; for he paid it over immediately ft to Mr. Lawton; and that he did not know what " Lawton did with it; nor did he, Farley, know that fc any such Order was made out, till Mr, Lawton told " him of it, and sent him to receive it."

And Mr; Edward Bryant\ formerly Under Doorkeeper to the Treasury, and now Messenger, being examined before the Committee, in relation to Two Orders, One for £. 3,961. 6. 8, and the other for £.2,700, which were issued in his Name, said, " That Mr. Tilfon «c called him to indbrfe those Orders; which he accord-« ingly did, and then gave them to Mr. Tilfon; and that

" this is all that he knew about it; for he never did re* a ceive the Money for these or for any other Orders at u the Exchequer; nor does he know who did/*

And your Committee also observe, that there have been a great Number of other Orders, which do not appear to have been communicated to the Persons whose Names were made use of therein (if any such Persons there were), although their Names were indorsed on the Back of the respective Orders, as having received the Amount of the Sums therein specified; For, a List of Persons, in whose Names Money was issued, during the Term of the In^ quiry, lying before the Committee, many of these Names were read over (a List of which is annexed, N° 12.) to Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Fane, and Mr. Shepherd; and they all declared they knew no such Persons; though Mr. Shep* herd, in particular, had received Money on many of those Orders; and said, u He has wondered he never saw the " Persons who indorsed for large Sums." And though neither Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Fane, nor Mr. Shepherd, knew who these Orders were indorsed by, yet Mr. Fane said, u That such Orders, where the Persons were not known, " have been sometimes taken away by the Earl of Orfori, " and other Lords of the Treasury, to be indorsed; and " that they have often been sent away to be indorsed;

" and when they were thus sent, it was generally to thq " Earl of Oxford

In the next place, your Committee lay before you, That though they have the greatest Reason to believe, that the whole Sum of£. 1,384,600, 6s. 3d. (excepting the annual Allowance to the Secretaries of State for secret Ser* vice) was under the foie Direction and Disposition of the Earl of Orfords yet, in order to proceed with the utmost Care and Caution, they think it becomes them to distinguish to the House those Sums which they can trace into the Hands of particular Persons, from those which were evidently lodged with the said Earl, or with Mr. Scrope% Secretary to the Treasury; and which your Committee have the strongest Reason to believe, from collateral Proofs (having not been able to obtain the diredi Ones), were delivered over by Mr. Scrope to the said Earl.

And they begin with Mr. Lowther, to whom the Sum. of £.177,610. 11. 6. has been issued within the Term of the Inquiry, which has been disposed of by him, from time- to time, pursuant to Minutes of the Treasury and he has paid, in that Interval, no 1 els a Sum than £. 50,077. i8r. to Authors and Printers of Newspapers, such as Free Britons, Daily Courants, Persuasives to Candour and Impartially Corncutters Journahy Gazetteers, and other political Papers, as appears by the Appendix (N* 13.) And your Committee leave it to the Judgment of the House, whether this particular Sum was Ids under the Direction of the Earl of Orford than if it had passed through his own Hands.

The next Sum, to be ranged under this Head, is a Sum of£30,119. 4*.» which has been paid to Mr. Middleton, Banker in the Strand, on the Earl of Ilay's Account, being £.27,769.41. issued in his own Name, and £.2,35® paid him by Shepherd. Mr. Middleton, being examined, said, " That all the Sums issued in his own Name, and " what was paid him by Shepherd, were received by him on the Earl of llaf s Account; out of which about u £.1,500 was paid for Fees: That the Earl of Fay has kept Calli with him for several Years; and that he u keeps no Account of these Sums of Money distinct " from his general Calli Account with the Earl of Ilay; a and that these Sums were drawn out of his Hands in the same Manner with the rest of the Earl of llay'% c< private Money: That, perhaps, 5 or £.6,000 per An " num of Lord Ilay's Money may have passed through <c this Examinant’s Hands: That this Examinant cannot charge his Memory, that ainy large Sums were drawn " out at any time, except for Purchases, and Buying of " India Bonds; nor has this Examinant remitted any" u Money into Scotland for Lord Ilay; nor docs he remember that Lord Hay has drawn on him from Scotland for more than one Sum, which was about £. 400, payable to a Merchant nor did any Persons come to

" him

g

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

FT

M> »|-W n (3 IO f H M M, M M M M 13 COtOtOWMWWMMW to w K) U I. >3 to (O N M to W

4- Co OVja o O CO-i 4* G'Co to v© — OVO^J 0^|4^ Co - O -f> Co IO hnJ4»\o OC'-j CO Co vO OvCt *3 «« O 'O ON OO^J Ov to -«- O v© 00;Ost>v Co to m O VO OvC'i C> 4*. Co to -J oCa 4- Co — 03

o'!"1'-

r

T* wv w l -# i v V./ WW '-I 1 — W wo I- W ^ w,r w W w ' V V w — w- "W W' WI t-

r S $ 3- ' S3 I $ t! 5? § "*

S5

N> ’ M . 5*

4^ i i i i , i i i i i t i t , i i i i > i i i ’ i i >‘ < t > 1 Q i i ^< i i i i i

4-

i i i i i r i i i l 1 I I 1 1

II I i 111 I I I 111 I I 4 ® til I

III I |- I I I I I I I I I I I I > I

I I I I I I I I I I J I I I I I I I .1 I I I I ,« I

I I I I I I I I I I »’l !| *1 II I :l I ’

I I I I I > I I I I I I l I I I I I I II' I

» I I \ I ' I I I 4 I I I I I

«.»»

I I I

I .1 ,1 I

i i ,i (i i i i i

----- s/-----

I i i i i i i i

1 .1 ' .* i ,i l

i i *i i i i i ' i i ' i

*2i , i i

I 1 1 I 1 i t i i i i i i ii i» .1: > i <i ii i i.i.i i i ,i ' IN 1 I 1-1,1 .1 ,1 1 ,1 i , i iiii i , -, i r i V t 1 I I t 1 1 I I I 1

I 1 t 1 ► i'i t > 1 1 I I 1 rl 1 1 I ii ii.i |,i t* 1 ' 1 i ,« i , i ’"I - ' 1 J III 1 III Ill 1 i,ii i.i i i ,i i.i .11.1,1 1 1 I 1 ' . 1

1 t 1 1 1 i i i i I 1 1 1 I l 1 . 1 ' l I . 1 i >1 i,i . i .1 ,l ,« i . i -tl 1 . 1 i 1 1 1 III 1 . 1,) ,i ,r i i.i i r , i i i . i rtiii ,-1,1.1 1 1 1 , 1 I.I

til 1.1 i i i i i ' ' ' 1 , I .1 1 , r r i i i >i i i t l i , t .1 I I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 i \i i i i i i i i t ill r i i i i i i 1 I I

tits 1 I I i i II 1 t 1 l .1 ,1 i i i ,..1 i i i i 1 i 1 i i t 39 . 1 I I 1 1 1 I 1 1 iiii iiii > i i i i i i i i i i i r i i i 1 1 1

► ill i i 1 1 1 I I 1 t I i i i , 1 ,t i I I t 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 I l l 1 1 1 1 i i i i t i i i i i i r 1 1 I 1 I I I 1 1 1 1

1

i i i

i i i i i

i i i i r I

I I ,i , I , i . I l

'll i I i

ill i i'

i I

!§ I

i I i i

iiii

i i i i

iiii

r i i i

III*

i I i

l i I

i i . i

I. i i

i I I I

ill'll*

i I i i if

i i i i i i i i i

I l i i I I I i

l < i i i < i ii*

till - i ii*

O Co C»

o o o

04^ to

8 8 8

- tO 1-4

O 4* Ca

O co O

k.A M M

O O Oa 0 O O

\ I

I I 1 I I I 1 I I I

I 1 I I II I I II 11

On 4s- *- »- *- to

0 O Ca O O O

U O O O 0 O O

II J 'll I I

1 I II II I

w N H

Ca O O O O

- to to

O O O O O O

O Ca cn O O O

*- to

O O O O

to to to

O O Ca

o o o

8 8

to -

O OOWn

O to o

0\Cn O O

»- to

O O

o o

-j o o o

o g g

M I I I ! I I I I I I I I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I ! II I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I III Mill M I I I I

to to Ca to *- - CO - to M to Co C* Co to i-J m V*A to M *-C0 to M

o O 0^*1 O O O O O o o O O O O O O O O O O 0-0 o O O

OOOOCOOOO-OOQ OOOOQOOOO

111111111111111 I I I I I I, M l I I I I I I

l I

I I I I I I I l l *.

CO

Vn

b

p

A

4^ Co

0 vl

1 I

O

3

f? "

Si

’ pv-

W

©v

o

w

a

a

3=-

sr

o

3

r

o

o-

o-

w

a

lio"4-

3> V1 "*Z.

1

agr2-

D

cq"

n'

CD

CL

CT

(D o

eg

FT

MM 4> P H U |& N H (O 1-fMfO

~ -J co 4> <»vO 00

fi to Oj W M *» W

Cs^u> — t>3 — 'O CN 4* OOCxi 4. oo*o

KrNMMMM'MM fO w (L-

« O VO VO 000% to >- O^VC VO OQ'vJ'

_ . "* $ s _. <% 3*

"r.....jirl-s"'?

>r- *

V*

V

*w

is

1

s

0

1

V,

2

p

1 s *

,'3T

O

1ft

~t

P rr

Co

VO

.31.

VS-

3

» 1 f*,

3

s

p

4

S52

ST;

I*

I l I l I I

I I I I t

» I 1 1 1

111*11

» I 1

I I I I l

I I >

r > 1 1 *4

4»

» 1 1 t

1 1 t 1 j »

k 1 1 t

1 1 1 t 1 1

>>iiiit

1 r

»,*« 1 1 i«i.i,»

t 1 t 1 > 11 r > *

U)

o

s

CxJ

v»

[ °» I §

MMMMMMMt-iMK>)0»-<M H m

OOOOLn «-« VO O O

0000000000000000

1 ! I I I I I II IN I I I I

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I lit

-----> — v - -

»-O>JUsO^WOH-fvK)MCC4O^*-,«^»0h*P'-W"W»^H MM IOMMM

O 00 O O o o C O 0^1 O Ooo o O OlA^lrv 0 0.0.0 O O OVn Q O CT\^J vj O Q 0.0% 00% OOOO00OOOOPNOOOO'

111 1 111,) \ 111 u 1 111 1111 1 \ 1111 111 = n \ 1 1 111-1 .-

I I I I I I I I I I - I I I I I. I I I I I 1 I I I I I I os I I I I I i I 1 I IV

4* Co Oo 04

0 o% 0% 0%

1 111

\ M i

cn

c

3

0

1 I

t

Sj

D -

JV

o

4*

i 6 Geo. H.

3O0 J

An ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money drawn by Bills fr<*nij or by Bills remitted to, Jamaica, for the Inquiry iRtd Service of his Majesty’s Ordnance, since the Commencement of the War against Spain, and at what Rates of Exchange the same were drawn, or remitted.

Orford’i

Conuuit*

Drawer.

Commanders of his> Majesty’s Ships.

Capt. William Douglass -

§fipt. Thomas Broderick - , -

apt. George Berkeley -

Capt Charles Windham

Capt. Edward Bofcawen Capt. F. Per civ al

Capt. Thomas Watson

Capt. Digby Dent -

Capt. Charles Knowles -

Capt. Edward Bofcawen

Capt. Charles Windham

Capt. G. Burrish -

Capt. Edward Bofcawen

Capt. P. Mayne - -

Capt. Thomas Trevor -

Capt. William Knight - -

Capt. Geo. Berkeley - -

Capt. Digby Dent -

Capt. William Douglas - -

Capt. M. Stapylton -

John Rogers, Store-keeper at Jamaica

Date.

Rate of Exchange.

17 39 December 28. February 23.

21.

1.

March 19.

22.

1740 May 8.

3°-J

1739 February 3.

1740 May 8. 17 39 December 20, 1740 June 2.1,

August 20. 20. 25.

September 4. *3-

October 8.

19.^ October 1. T January 3. I 18. 1 JW 26.

*7

140 prr C/. In Sterling. 140 per Ct. In Sterling.

Sum Sterling.

I i^operCt. \

1740

1741 1741

20. \ >7. *7* J

140 per Ct. 13 5 Per Ct' 130 per Or.

John Turner, Commiflary and Pay- < matter to the Train of Artillery,

December 18.*

18.

18.

18.

16.

*7-

October 26.

November 9.

December 18.

January 26.

February 9.

9.

9-9.

9.

9-9*

9*.

All the foregoing $ills are drawn from Jamaica: No Bills have been remitted to Jamaica.

) 140 per Ct. 400 — —

137, 1 operCt.

\ 140 per Ct.

£ s. d.

3l 14 10

21 I 8*

48 *3 6i

16 4

170 — —

86 1 3

46 15

61 8 10

127 12

9 12 —

16 *9 31

11 *9 3i

37 4 5

17 13 61

22 11 7i-

37 7 9*

10 -7- —

1 8 6l

11 l5 3

23 15 10 i

100 — —

3°° — —

5 co — —

[,400 — —

5°° — —

700 — —

200 —

ICO —

200 — —

400 — —

100 — —

100 — —

182 10 —

100 — —

200 —

400 — —

295 8 6

73 — —

200 —

80 7 9

134 — —

36s 3 9

230 — —

500 — —

Received Advice of the following Bills drawn from Jamaica; but as they are not yet arrived, their Rates of

Exchange are not known.

Drawet. Pate. Sum Sterling.

John Turner Major Jonathan Lewis - - + m a j. - 1741 Oftob 27. 28. *« 1 December 4. j* May 18. £. s. d7 100 429 10 ~ 174 130 600 — —

Office of Ordnance,

17th April i 742. W. R. Earle, Cl. Ordnance.

N° 2.

Captain Alexander Wiljbn, being examined, in the mostfolemn manner, this lift Day of April 1742* said* That he was an Agent to Lord Cat heart, when he was preparing for his Expedition to the WeJI-Indies: That in or about May or June 1740, Lord Cathcart received from Mr. Pelham a rough Draught of Instructions, which Mr.

V0-L. 24,

Pd’/^wproposed to give to his Deputy-Tay matter, that was to attend the Troops under Lord Cathcart: That this Examinant perused the said Draught, together with Lord Cathcart: That it contained Directions to the Deputy to pay the Troops at Jamaica, at such a Rate of Exchange as should appear to Lord Cathcart, and the superior Officers, to be most advantageous to them: That this

Rat*

Inquiry i fearl of Or forces Conduct

304 V. 3 0° jfmiL 174a*

» Rate of Exchange should be constant&nd invariable; and of his own Knowledge, lay what Steps'had been takea^ that the said Deputy should keep an Account current of with the Treasury, with relation to the first intended In-what he thus paid; and if any Advantage accrued from structions > nor does he know of any public Notice given the Currency thus settled, the Public were to be entitled by the Treasury for receiving Proposals; nor has he heard to it; but if there was any Loss, the Public were to of any Proposals from others, but Messieurs Burrell and friake it good: And it was also proposed, that the De- Bristow; but he is not in the Way of Treasury Affairs, puty should tarry with him a Sum of Money for this Pur- Being further examined, on the 27 th Day of April pose, and should be authorized to draw the necessary Bills 1742, in relation to the rough Draught of the Instruc-on the Paymaster-General: That Lord Cathcart approved tions mentioned above, said, That Mr. Pelham, in Con-of these Instructions; but on or about the Latter-end of versation with Lord Cathcart, whl| this Examinant was June, or the Beginning of July 1740, it was intimated to present, delivered it as his Opinion, That the Troops Lord Cathcart, from the Pay-Office, or by Messieurs mighf be supplied in the manner there laid down; efpe-Burrell or Bristow, That the Treasury were of Opinion, daily as he supposed that Money would be brought into that the Troops were not to be left to the Uncertainty of Jamaica by the taking of Prizes: That the rough finding Money abroad, since Merchants might make their Draught was delivered to Lord Cathcart, alter these Con-Advantages of the Necessities the Troops might be some- verfations: ~That it began with the Stile of I n ft ru ft ions, times under; and that, in consequence of this Opinion, in the same manner as was customary to give to all De-r a Contract for paying the Troops, at the Rate of£. 120. puty Paymasters abroad, impowering him to take up, Jamaica Money, for £.100 Sterling, was then depend- and draw, Bills for the Supply of the Troops, &c. That ing before the Treasury: That Lord Cathcart, immedi- It was written in a Running-Hand, and, as he thinks, in ately on this Information, applied byr this Examinant to Two Sheets of Paper, Folio-way; but all the Sides were Mr. Williams and Mr. Monson's Offices, for a Meeting: not filled: That as it was to be peruled by Lord Cathcart,

ffis declared Purpose in procuring this Meeting, was, if as a Plan, on which, if approved of Instructions were possible, to get the Troops paid in a more advantageous to be formed, there was Room left for Additions and manner, for he did not apprehend, that the Contraft was Alterations; but that Lord Cathcart, fading that, so far as already pad, but only that it was then depending: That it related to himself, it was complete*, and wanted none, at this Meeting, which was at Mr. Williams's Office, be- neither Lord Cathcart, nor this Examinant, made any tween the 4th and 13th of July 1740, there were present therein, but returned it to the Pay-Office, unaltered: Lord Cathcart, Mr. Hanhury Williams, Paymaster of the That this Examinant believes Lord Cathcart's Secretary Marines, Mr. Burrell, and Mr. Brijtozv, and this Exa- carried it back, or perhaps Mr. Pelham's Deputy might mir.ant; Mr. Pelham'was then in Torhshire, with Mr. call for it: That this Examinant saw the final Instructions Arundel, as he believes: Lord Cathcart took Notice of given to the Deputy Paymaster, but he only looked over thelnconvcniencieswhich might arise by payingMen only them transiently; however he readfo much as to be sure £. 120, Jamaica Money, for £. 100 Sterling, when, by that the Power of drawing upon the Paymaster, in case the concurring Reports from Jamaica, and of Merchants, of Necessity, or Disappointment, was therein contained, the Exchange was at £. 135 to 140: That he mentioned , though he cannot expressly speak to those Words: This hereupon what he had observed in Armies abroad, par- . Examinant adds, That he has been informed, by One of ticuJarly what happened at Ghent and Bruges in 1712, the Clerks of Mr. Williams's Office, that Messieurs where the Troops mutinied, on Account of some final! Burrell and Bristow did insure the Money they sent to Deductions for Camp Necessaries and Bread, which were Jamaica, but he does not know at what Rate, taken from some Regiments, and not from others.: That 1 Alex. Wilson.

this Examinant said at the same time, that as the Troops . ________ __________

from North America, under Colonel Blakeney, were paid

at the full Currency of Exchange in those Parts, he ap- N° 3.

prehended, that if they received less Money when they Peter Burrell Esquire, being examined in the most so-joined Lord Cathcart, than what they had before, they lemn manner, this 30th Day of Aprjl 1742, said. That, might begin a Mutiny; and, by informing Lord Cathcart's about the Latter-end of the Year»1739, going down Men, might occasion Discontents or Mutiny amongst Stairs from the House of Commons, he was asked by them also: The Contractors answered to this, that the Sir Robert Walpole, if he, this Examinant, or his Ac-Difference of Currency in the North Provinces of Ame- quaintance, had any Money in the Northern Colonies ? rica, from whence Colonel Blackeney'sTroops came, was That, about Three Weeks ora Month afterwards, he told rather more to the Advantage of those Troops than the Sir Robert, that he could not me£t with any Persons, intended Payment of£. 120 per Cent.: That the Coritrac- whom he could'depend on, who had: And Sir Robert tors explained themselves on this Particular, in a manner then replied, he believed there would be no Occasion for that this Examinant could not answer, nor indeed under- any: That as soon as it was publickly known that Troops stand: That Lord Cathcart was silent. The Contractors were going to Jamaica, this Examinant took Occafiopit reckoned up several Articles of the Charge it would be to from this Incident, to apply to Sir Robert Walpole, and them, some of which, were the Insurance of the Money, tQ acquaint him, that as he, this Examinant, had Cor-the Freight, the Commission which they were to pay their respondents at Jamaica, on the South-Sea Company’s Ac-Correspondents in Jamaica, with other incident Charges, count, who were Men of great Credit at Jamaica, and which this Examinant can’t remember: All these loge- who had the greatest Command of Money of any in the ther, they said, was the Cause that they could not con- Place, this Examinant thought he could supply the Go-trad: for left Profit than what they should get by paying vernment as well as any body, if Money was wanted £-120 Jamaica Currency for £.100 Sterling f These there: To which the Examinant then received no pofi-', was some other Talk upon this Affair, which all ended in tive Answer: That, after this, this Examinant consider-Messieurs Burrell and Bristow (but thinks it was Mr. But- ing with himself the great Importance of this Affair, he relt) declaring, that they had made an Agreement with thought it too much Hazard for himself alone; and there-the Treasury already, upon those Terms, and that they on asked Mr. Bristow, if he thought it could be undertaken could not doit for less Profit: That this Declaration of Mr' -without a great Risque ? That when they had consulted Burrelf s put an End to the Debates and the Meeting; for together, they agreed on the Terms on which they would Lord Cathcart acquiesced in what the Treasury thought propose it; and, about the Month of June, the Parlia-fit, as he was under Orders: He was a polite Man, and ment being then prorogued, they waited on Sir Robert did not choose to signify his Disapprobation, when it was Walpole, at Chelsea, and made an Offer of furnishing any of no Consequence; so, on the said Declaration, he said, such Sums as might be wanting for the Payment, of thV he was to be determined by superior Powers; but in Troops, on the same Conditions which were afterwards private Conversation afterwards with this Examinant, he agreed to by the Treasury; That Sir Robert Walpole asked‘ wished it had been better: That this Examinant cannot/ them, if those were the lowest Terms ? and hoped they.

.would

i6 Geo. IL Jtiftii.3^5,

would not aflt itaore than wliafc was; reasonable, nor what fixing the Price at r20i w bpOn> the' <?ottfi&te$iph* of Igquky any Body should complain of: And1 the Examinant af- the probable Fall of the Exchange* at: Jamat&a, when so Eari of , fared him; that, upon the best Calculation, theyhadnot: great a Demand must be made upon the Payment of ’so

That he would' not take it on himself, but desired them large a Bbcfy of Troops: That as* Hie Exchange had- ad'-to make their Ptoposals to the Treasury: That a few Days’ vauced fi nee the-fell War, fi om ^.rti . to £.1-35. during after this Cohversation with Sir Robert Walpole, they did whiciv Time, there not having been any extraordinary; lay this FropofaT before the Treasury, without any thing Demand; for Money in that' Marrd’, the Reverse might else passing between them* and Sir Robert in Hie Interval, reasonably-be expected when a Demand of Mbfiey was nor had the Examinant gny Conversation with any other madh, that greatly exceeded the natural Currency: This Lord of . the Treasury, before he offered his Proposal to plainly appeared upon Colonel BlakenefsAxnvdX with but* the Board': Thar, on Delivery of these Ptoposals, he 3,000*Men, who, with great Difficulties, raised between’ does not reeoHe# whether he was* called in, or no; nor £.9,000. and£. 10,000. at £.120. and could not have can hefay, when he received the First Notice of hisFto- procured more at above £.j 10. at least that was the De-posal being accepted, nor by whom he was informed of mand from those who had1'Money by them: In regard it; but he thinks, if any thing particular had happened to the Par of Exchange between Jamaica and London; L on’ this Otcasion; he muff have remembered it; nor does am not informed*' by what Rule that'Caleultitidriiis made, he recolle# of meeting Mr. Hhnbury Williams the Mom- unlefe it be from the Value they havel (temped on the*’ in this Proposel was delivered: This Examinant does in- Silver Specie of this Kingdom; a Shilling passing thcrtf > deed remember, that he, one Morning, met Lord Cath- current for 15 Pence*; Which answers to the Exchange (art, or Captain Wilfotr, who desired a Meeting at Mr. of £*125* for £-roo.

Hanbury Williams's Office; but he is not sure that this From the Uncertainty of Staining Money at Jamaica, was the Day of his Contract’s being agreed to, but ra- I desired’ Mr. Colebrooke to* inquire at what Rate he could ther believes it was a Week or a Fortnight after that: procure Bills on that Place; and he informed me, ho

The same Day this Meeting was desired, Mr. Bristow could not get Bills at any fixed Rare, not even at £.Vio: and this Examinant met Lord Cathcart, and Captain Wrl- nor any other Price than what should appear the current [on, and Mr. Hanbury Williams, who came after: That Exchange of the Tffand, as the same should happen to’ this Examinant does not conceive, that Lord Cathcart be upon the Time their Bill's should appear there: We' would desire a Meeting, or could have any thing to do had then no other Resort but tofend out same Specie to* with this Examinant, and his Partner, but as Contractor$; supply the Want of Currency in Jamaica; and in that there; and therefore he thinks this Meeting was after the Con- was no Certainty as to its Value, as, whatsoever was the trad was passed; and that he fopposes the Intention of nominal Price, there appeared no Act of Council to oblige this Meeting was, that Lord Cathcart might be satisfied anyone to receive it; and the Valuation is so much out' that the Troops would not be disappointed, but that due of Judgment, that no Man could conceive it to be made Care would be taken to supply rhem with Money when but by chance; as a Moidore of 27s. is above Three abroad: That, at this Meeting, Lord Cathcart talked to per Cent, higher than a Moidore of $6*. in Proportion Captain Wilson of the Manner in which the Troops were to the intrinsic Value of each, which determined us to to be paid; saying to them, That if the Troops going to buy heavy Portugal Money of the Bank, not only to pre- Jamaica were not paid at the same Rate of Exchange as vent any Complaint, if received by Tale, but to answer those from North America, it ifiight occafnn Distontents, their full Value, if received by Weight: The first Parcel as he remembered a Mutiny had like to have happened ^nt being heavy Money of 36s. each, which if had been in Flanders, on the like Account: That they said, they had obliged to fell at Jamaica, by the Ounce, would have nothing to do with the Paying of the Troops; what they rendered Loss, instead of Profit, to the Contractors: The had contrailed for was to deliver the Money at such a Insurance of this Money was at z\ per Cent. which went certain Rate: That this Examinant takes it for granted, by the Men of War with the Troops; but we apprehend that Lord Cathcart, by his Inquiry, wanted to know in we bad the Risque of a Deviation, if the Ships had been what Specie the Troops should be paid, and not at what ordered to Carthagena, or any other Port, but to Jamaica,

Rate the Money was to be furnished to the Deputy Pay- which would have thrown the Risque on us; but, if from raafter: That this Examinant does not remember there any Accident, the Ship where our Money was had not were any Disputes at this Meeting, whether the Contract arrived with the Troops, we had then been at the Mercy was a good or bad Contract, or indeed whether there of the Inhabitants; and in such same I would willingly* was mention made about it; and he believes, at the Be- have compounded for 10per Cent. Loss: We agreed for ginning of the Conversation, Lord Cathcart knew of the One per Cent. Freight, for all but what we font with the Contract being puffed; and he is persuaded, that Cap- Troops; but we am informed1, One of the Captains has tain Wilson knew it, because the Gentleman who is gone foed our Agents fora Freight of 2 {per Cent. The Chaise over Deputy Paymaster, was informed, by the Exami- of Shipping is put at One per Cent, for the Expence ofi nant, with every Step taken in this Affair; and he was Guards, Iron Chests, Servants, and Coaches, to attend inrimate with Captain Wilson: That this Examinant does it> and for the Risque and Charges of fending the Mount remember to have told Captain Wilson, that the Con- ney in a Boat, from Portsmouth to St. Helens. tra# was passed; but if he had met him, he believes he That in regard to the nominal Value, at Jantotcn, of should have told him; but he takes itfor granted, that it the Gold Species, at a Medium, deducing the Commission was. understood to be done in their whole Conversation, and Charges, we allow there doth not remain a; Front of at that Meeting; and he does not remember, that either Three per Cent, upon the present Contract: That no other Lord Cathcart ox Captain Wilson shewed any Surprize at Ferfbns but Mefheurs Burrell and Briflozv were confufted, that time, on* hearing it was done; and that he thinks that or concerned in the Contract when they first engaged this Meeting with him and Mr. Brijtoivwas on the Foot- in it: Thar after the First Embarkation, and this Exa^ ing of their being Contractors for the Money: That Lord minant believes after the Second, but before the Contract'

Cathcart asked them, how they would supply the Money ? was raised to £. xz$. Sir Robert Walpole spoke one Day*

And they told him, they would fend foreign Gold; but to this Examinant, and told him. That Mr. Hanbury-this Examinant cannot remember if there was any Talk Williams had desired him to ask the Contractors, that h* about Insurance, Freight, and other Items:, That in this' Friend of his, a West-India Merchant, might have a Share Conversation, which he does not know lasted half an in the Remittances; but he added. You are to do just as Hour, many Things of another Nature were talked of you please I don’t ask you to let any body in, for the between Lord Cathcart and Captain Wilson, as about the Contract is yours: That, some little time afterwards, Mr. Embarkation of the Troops, tsfr. That though this Exa- Hanbury Williams spoke to this Examinant and Mr. minant had contrafted at £.120. he does not recolie# that Briftozv; telling them that he had a Relation; one Mfc-the Rate was mentioned it this Meeting: The Reason for Hanbury, a West+hdta Merchant, to whom he had Ofcdi

Vol. 24. 41 gations.

iized by CooqIp

3 o° Junii.

A. 1742.

Inquiry into gatioDS'; and*, as he had Money and Effects at Jamaica, he from Mr. Burrell, who told him, that probably there

Orford’s desired he might beconcerned, for the future, One-fourth would bea Contra& for supplying the Troops under Lord

Condira. Part, with them; and since that Time, he has been ac- Cathcart with Money; and, he thinks, Mr. Burrell men-

cordingly concerned. One-fourth Part, in what relates to tioned his having talked to Sir Robert Walpole about it, the Payment of the Marines in Mr. Hanbury Williams's but he cannot be positive: That Mr. Burrell asked him. Office: That Mr. Hanbury had wrote, as he told the Ex- this Examinant, if he would be concerned ? To which ho

aminant, to his Correspondents at Jamaica, that, in case agreed; and then, between them, formed a Proposal, to

any Money was wanting, he might pay it into the Hands be laid before the Lords of the Treasury; That, previous of their Agents, and receive their Bills for the fame: But to the laying of it before the Treasury, they waited on Sir the Examinant said, That though Mr. Hanbury wrote, Robert Walpole, who was then at Chelsea; the Sessions, no Ufehas been made of it: That before this, Sir Robert as this Examinant believes, being ended: That, in this Wdipole never recommended any Person to be concerned Proposal, he thinks, they mentioned £.120. per Cent. with the Contractors, nor had any Knowledge of any One as the Rate at which they would agree to furnish the that was; but that, some time after the Contract was Money: Sir Robert said, that he expected they should passed, he, the Examinant, asked Mr. Monjon, Deputy offer it at a reasonable Profit, that the Public may be Paymaster to Mr* Pelham, Whether he would take One- well served: That this Examinant cannot recoiled any fourth Part of it ? telling him, that though the Profits other Conversation that passed either with Sir Robert Wal-raight not be great, yet, unless some unforeseen Acci- pole, or any body else, before their Proposal was corn-dent happened, the Loss could not be much: That Mr. municated to the Treasury; nor does he believe that they Monjon accepted of it, and has One-fourth Part of the spoke about it to any other Lord of the Treasury: That Contract, as far as it relates to the Payment of the Troops when it was laid before the Treasury, he does not remem- ' in the Office where he is Deputy; And being asked, If ber whether they went with the Proposal themselves, but

Mr. MonJonhzAznyYLfk&szt Jamaica? he said, he could is inclined to believe they did; and that they delivered

not tell, nor had he any there himself; nor has he, Mr. it to some Person in Office, who carried it in: That he Monjon, advanced any Money, nor has he had any Share cannot remember whether there were any Debates about Or Trouble of the Management, but is to stand his Share it, nor whether he was called in, or no; but from a Copy in the Profit or Loss: And besides these, no Person else of a Minute of Treasury, lying on the Table before the is concerned with them, to the Knowledge of this Exa- Committee, he thinks the Proposals were immediately minant: That this Examinant did offer Half his own accepted; and he is pretty fu re he had Notice of it. Share to his Brother, and a Gentleman engaged in Bufi- when it was accepted, though he cannot say by whom; ness with him; but they thought it too great a Rilque for nor can he befure that, at that time, he acquainted Mr. them to run: He likewise mentioned it to another Gen- Hanbury Williams he had agreed: That he remembers the tleman, who would not accept of it: That these Refusals Meeting of Lord Calhcart, Mr. Hanbury Williams, and were very early, before any thing was done in it more than Captain Wilson, at Mr. Hanbury Williams's Office, where passing the Contract; and that he mentions them to Mr. Burrell was likewise present; but he is pretty sure shew, that he thought he had no great Bargain of it. A no body from Mr. Pelhams Office was there, and be-Copy of a Minute of the Treasury lying before the Com- lieves it was in July 1740, and believes it was after the mittee, dated, the 29th of January 1 740-1, relating to Contract was passed, though he cannot say if it was that the Refusal of the Agents of the Contractors at Jamaica, Day; nor can he remember who first proposed this Meet-to supply the Troops under Colonel Gouch and Blakeney, ing, though he believes Lord Cathcart; nor where, or with a Sum of Money, being read to this Examinant, and when, the Agreement to meet, was made: That the Sub-it being therein said, That Mr. Burrell agrees that those stance of the Conversation at this Meeting was, the Man-Troops were always understood, and intended, as con- ner in which the Troops were to be paid: That Lord tained and included in his and Mr. Bristow's Proposal to Cathcart talked about the Pay of the Troops; but this the Treasury*: This Examinant said, That Minute had Examinant cannot tell if Lord Cathcart supposed the mistaken their Meaning; for their Agreement was for the Contra& to be passed, or to be only a Proposal; though Troops under Lord Cathcart, and those he should find at he apprehends that the Contract was then made; and Jamaica; and that this Examinant never understood that that Lord Cathcart knew it was made; because otherwise, the Troops under Colonel Gouch and Colonel Blakeney they, as Contractors, could have nothing to do with Lord would be included in the Contraft, before the Arrival of Cathcart; That this Examinant believes it might be pof-Lord Cathcart at Jamaica: That this Examinant believes, fible Lord Cathcart might except to the Paying of the that it was about June or July 1741, that he had the Troops at a low Rate: That this Examinant, and his . First Account from Jamaica of the Refusal of his Agents Partner, said, in Substance, That the Rate the Troops to comply with the Demands of the Deputy Paymaster: were to be paid at was no Concern of theirs: That their . That the Contractors having Advice from Jamaica, that Business was only to supply the Money at a certain Rale;, there was no Money on the Istand, and that it was pro- but this Examinant does not apprehend that the Troops posed, that Notes of Hand should have a Currency, they were to be paid at a lower Rate than what they had con-had applied to the Treasury for the Advance of a Second traded for: That this Examinant thinks Lord Cathcart Sum; and that, in December following, there being a Se- desired to know in what Specie they intended to send out cond Embarkation, they procured a Third Sum from the their Money: That they told him, in Portugal Gold: Treasury on Account of the Convenience they had of That the Contractors proposed the Rate of £.120. Ja~ fending it. maica Money, for £.100. Sterling, for the following

And being further examined, this 13th Day of June, Reasons: That they were to furniflii Money in a Place he said, That Mr. Colebrooke, the Deputy Paymaster, who where there was not much; that therefore, in case a con-went with Lord Cathcartfupplied the Place of an Agent siderable Sum was demanded at once, the Owners of the for the Examinant and the other Contractor; and that Money would make the most Use of it they could, and Mr. Colebrooke had a Commission of One per Cent. only; lower the Exchange under the Rate of £.' 20. at which and he added, That there never had been any Money they had contracted for: That Colonel Blakeney, before advanced to the Contractors, without their delivering a Lord Cathcart's Arrival, drew on the Pay-Office for a

Memorial to the Treasury. small Sum, and this with Difficulty, as he has heard, at

June 03d. P. Burrell, or under £.120; and had he wanted a larger Sum, he

__________ mu^ ^ave doubtless drawn even (till lower: That this

r~~ — " put them under a Necessity of fending out Funds, or Mo-

John Bristow Esquire, being examined in the most so- ney, to supply the Want of Currency in that Place: That, lemn manner, this 30th Day of April 1742, said, That as Men of Business, it was natural for them to consider the First Notice he had relating to the Remittances, was the several Species of Money, which it might be proper

to

i6 Geo. IL yfjun307

to fend thither; that in this they found a great Variety-; that they could not find there was any Law to settle the Currency of different Species of Coin, and the different Species of Coin w ere actually at different Proportions of Value in theii Currency; the Guinea in particular being at a lower Rate than the 36 Shilling Pieces, and both these lower than the 27 Shilling Pieces: That this Examinant is not sure that any considerable Sam of Moidores or 36 Shilling Pieces, were there before; and they were apprehensive that the Sum sent out by the Contractors, which was the greatest Part in 36 Shilling Pieces, and the rest in Moidores, might, on its Arrival at Jamaica, be reduced to an Equality with Guineas: And inorder to prevent, in feme measure, the Loss which must attend an Alteration in the Value of these several Species, which was not improbable, when the Disproportion should come to be considered at the Island of Jamaica, the Contractors fenc the major Part of the Supply by the Fleet under Sir Challoner Ogle, in weighty Portugal Gold of 36 Shilling Pieces, that at all Events they might be the Value in Gold: That the Contra&orsfent their Money on Board Three Men of War, and insured it; but notwithstanding this, they were liable to many Risques and Accidents; for had the Men of War been ordered to any other Place, this would have been a Deviation from the Voyage, and would have vacated the Insurance; and that the very Want of the Money at Jamaica, or even what was on board One Ship only, though it had not been loft, would have funk the Exchange: And that this was no improbable Accident; for Three or Four of the capital Men of War were actually separated from the Fleet, and driven to Lisbon; and had the Money been on board either of these Ships, the Contractor^ would have been under great Di fad vantages, as they must have raised it at Jamaica, at a great Loss; and, as it was all the Money sent out, had, upon the Arrival of the Fleet, no more Effect than to raise the Exchange to £.130. and small Sums soon after got up to £. 135. and £.140. Soon after which, the Contractors came to a new Agreement at £.125. That they had been told lately, that the Victualling and Navy have drawn at £. 135. and £. 140. but this being for Stores and Provision is not like Money, but is really no Exchange at all: And this Examinant did not inform himself of the Rates at which the Navy and Victualling drew, when he was deliberately about his own Contract: He added, that he has since been told, that the Independent Companies at Jamaica are paid at £.125. That he believes that he might communicate a Memorial, containing the Reasons for fixing the Currency at £. lao.to Lord Orford, before this Examinant’s Memorial, of Fifth of February iaft, was laid before the Treasury: That soon after Lord Cathcart's Arrival, Messieurs Merewether and Manning, their Correspondents, from a Misunderstanding, did refuse to furnish Money for the Troops; but the Deputy Paymaster, Mr. Colebrooke, drew on Mr. Pelham: That this Examinant believes, that the Reason of the Refusal of their Agents was their thinking the y could make a greater Advantage of their Money from the Necessity of the Public, than what they would get by complying with our Commission: The Reason urged by them was the indefinite Demand of Mr. Colebrooke, whorefufed to specify either the Sumsor the Times when they would be wanted: That as the Contractors were to pay the Difir ference of these Bills drawn on Mr. Colebrooke, if they had been under £. 120. or £. x 23. per Cent, they thought they had a Right to those Bills, when drawn at a higher Rate, and they accordingly took them up, and paid them, as soon as due, with Money they received from the Pay-Office; but these Bills are (fill in Dispute, and our Contract does not subsist any longer; for the Lords of the Treasury have, within this Day or Two, given Orders to the Deputy at Jamaica to draw on the Paymaster: That no Persons were concerned with them in their Contract, till after it was agreed to; but that now Mr. Monson, Deputy Paymaster to Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Hanbury, a Merchant, are Sharers; Mr, Monson has a Fourth Part of Vot. 24.

what is paid in the Office where he is Deputy; Mr. Han- inquiry into bury has, from a certain Time, been intitled to One- Earl of Fourth Part of what relates to the Marines, which are Orford’s paid in Mr. Hanbury Williams's Office: That the Offer Con(iu<a' to Mr. Monson was made jointly by the Contractors, on their own Motion, and without the Desire or Knowledge, as he believes, of any other Person whatsoever, and before any Remittances were made; and he never offered a Share to any Person but Mr. Monson: That as to Mr.

Hanbury, Sir Robert Walpole mentioned to them, that Mr. Hanbury Williams desired his Relation, Mr. Hanbury, should have a Part: That Sir Robert had been spoke to by Mr. Williams about it; but he, Sir Robert, told the ContraClors, he left it to themselves; andjt is. most probable Sir Robert Walpole mentioned this to the Contractors before Mr. Hanbury Williams spoke to them: That neither Mr. Monson or Mr. Hanbury have advanced any Money on this Affair; nor itideed have the Contrafters themselves properly advanced any Money, for on delivering their Bills, drawn at Sight, on Jamaica, to the Paymaster here, he furnished the Money for them, as is the constant Practice of the Pay-Office, whenever Bills of Exchange are furnished, payable in Foreign Parts, by the Drawers of such Bills, or by Draughts from Jamaica, on the Pay-Office, to make good such Sums as are raised for the Service on the Island.

And being further examined, this 22d Day of June 1742, said, That the Contractors allowed to Mr. Colebrooke, who carried out the Money sent with Lord Cathcart, One per Cent. Commission; but the further Sums which have been since sent out, and all other Transactions relating to this Affair, have been managed by their Agents at Jamaica, to whom they are to pay Two per Cent.

And further said, That an Action has been brought against their Agent at Jamaica, by Captain Knowles, for 21 per Cent. Freight for the Money, which he carried out at the Time of Lord Cathcart'% going on the Expe-. tuition; for which, as the Examinant is informed, Captain Knowles has obtained a Verdict; which, if the Contractors should be obliged to pay, will be a Precedent for other Captains of Men of War, by whom Money was sent out at the same Time.

John Brifiow.

Charles Hanbury Williams Esquire, being examined in the most solemn Manner, this 30th Day of April 1742, said, That on the 9th of July last, as he thinks, being in his Chariot, he met Messieurs Burrell and Brifiow, who told him, that they had made an Agreement with the Treasury, for remitting Money to pay the Troops, at the Rate of £. 120. Jamaica Money, for £. 100. Sterling: That after meeting Messieurs Burrell and Brifiow, he went to the Treasury, and he thinks he saw Lord Cathcart in One of the Rooms of the Treasury, and thinks he talked of what Messieurs Burrell and Brifiow had told him to LordCathcart, but he is not positive; that the same Day there was a Meeting at his Office in Scotland-Tard, at which were present Lord Cathcart, Captain Alexander Wilson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Brifiowand this Examinant; but he cannot say any body else; in particular, he cannot say Mr. Monson was present: That this Meeting was desired that Morning, either by Lord Cathcart ox by Captain Wilson, at his Instance, but he cannot tell which; he thinks they all meet at the Treasury, and went from thence to the Office: That the Conversion, which lasted Two Hours, turned on the proper Means of carrying Messieurs Bur-rcll and Brifiow's Contract into Execution, and preventing the Troops from beingdisappointed for Want of Money: That he inclines to imagine that Lord Cathcartkntvt that the Agreement was made: This Examinant asked Messieurs Burrell and Brifiow, what Money they bad sent over, and what Credit they had established for this Purpose ? But that this was a Question arising from his own Care and Curiosity only: That he believes Lord Cathcart

:ed by

iWquiiry ii £arl or GrfordV CondudV

308

f said, Be'had heard'tBat the Exchange in the City was /. 130. or/. 135. That if the Troops wererpaid at/, iao. the Difference might occasion an Uneasiness amongst them: That what Lord Cathcartsaid, was rather repining and diflifcing the low Rate of Exchange they had agreed1 for, than disputing about it: That in consequence of this Dislike of Lora Cathcart's, Mfeffieurs Burrell and Bristow entered into a Detail about Exchanges, endear vouring from thence to shew that they could not afford to remit cheaper; but this Examinant did not understand all they said on this Head: That Messieurs Bur-rel and Bristow talked of their Agreement, as made; but whether at the Beginning or End of the Meeting, he cannot say: That he cannot say, or remember, that Mr. Burrf/ly at the End of the Convocation, told them he had agreed with thes Treasury; nor can he say, that he heard Lord Cathcart mention the American Troops, as then paid at a higher Rate of Exchange.

N, B. Charles Hcmbury Williams Esquire, being now at Bothy could not sign his Examination; but it was read over to the Committee twice, and was found to be agreeable to the Minutes then taken.

N° 4.

James Knight Esquire, examined in the most solemn manner, this 3d Day of May 1742, said, That he lived many Years in Jamaica, from whence he came to England, about Five Years since; and that he has many Effects, Rents, and a Plantation, in that Island: That when he lived there, he acted as a Factor to the Guinea Merchants, and has fold several Cargoes of Negroes to the South-Sea Company, which were paid for in Bills of Exchange, in London and had, by his Employments, the Means of being acquainted with the Remittance from that Island, both in Specie and in Bills: That the Exchange between Jamaica and London has, for Seven Years past, varied very little, being from /. 140 to /. 135. but generally /. 140, very few Bills being drawn under that Rate, excepting particular Contracts in the Sales of Negroes, Estates, or other Effects, when the Exchange has sometimes been agreed on at 35, and sometimes at 57 the Difference in the Exchange being considered in the Purchase; the South-Sea Company in particular settled their Exchange at 35 per Cent. at which Rate they drew for considerable Sums; and in Consideration of the Exchange, and the NumbeF of Negroes they bought, they had them at a Price accordingly, the Planters paying 35 and 36 per Head, in Bills, at £.40per Cent, and 38 and 40 in Sugars, or other Produce of the Island; when the Company, by Means of their Bills being at a lower Exchange, furnished themselves at 31 and /. 32 per Head Jamaica Currency: That he has now a Bill of /. 600. drawn on the Ordnance, at /. 140. and he has had Two others, of /. 500. each, drawn on the same Office, and other public Bills, as well as private, at the same Ratfe, within the last Twelve Months: That the Independent Companies couftantly drawat/. 140. as he has heard, and believes;except One or Two Officers, who have had Credit: That he believes, before the War, the Bills remitted from Jamaica to England, including those drawn by the South-Sea Company, may have amounted to /. 100,000 per Annum: That there are besides, great Sums sent from thence to England, in Specie: That, before the War, it was common for Angle Men of War to bring 40 or 50,000. from thence; and he believes, including the Money sent over by the South-Sea Company, upwards of /. 500,000. per Annum, in Specie, was usually remitted from Jamaica, at a Medium, before the Commencement of the War: That the Specie of Jamaica consists chiefly in Spanijk Coin; there are some Spanish Pistoles and Dub-loons: That there is a Law in Jamaica, made about the Year 1681, which ascertainstheCurrency of Spaniflr Money, and makes it Felony to diminish or falsify it; though he has known Persons tried upon the Law, yet in genpnd it is not much observed* the Coin being com-

24

A(. 1742.

monly clipped, and diminifliedof its thae Weight; and the Portugal Money is not included in it, because there Was then none upon the Island: That when this Examinant heard that the Troops were going to Jamaica, he inquired how they were to Be paid; and on being told, that the Treasury would contract with private Persons for that Purpose, he did himself intend to make an Offer for the Fumifliing of the Money necessary; but in very few Days after, he heard the Treasury had agreed with Md~ sieurs Burrell and Bristow, at the Rate of /. 120. Jamaica Money, for/. 100. Sterling: That this Examinant does not believe, that the Treasury ever gave Notice1 that they intended any such Contraft: That indeed he does not know that a formal public Notice has ever been given by the Treasury on such Occasions; but he has heard, that, in Queen Anne's War, the Treasury,. when they Have had fuclv Contrafts in View, have communicated their Intentions to Merchants; which was in* Effect the same thing, and was what this Examinant ex-pefted in the present Cafe; and had this been done, this Examinant believes, that several others besides himself would have proposed to have furnished die Government with Money at Jamaica:. That this Examinant would have' furnished the Money at the Rate of /. 130. per Cent, provided he could have obtained the same Advancement which he has heard was made to Messieurs Burrell and' Bristow; for, in Proportion to the Advancement, he proposed to have made his Offer of furnishing the Troops with Money; otherwise he could not have afforded such an Exchange*; and should have thought it a good Bargain: That he should have thought himself secured against any Disappointment for the Want of Currency at Jamaica, by fending over in Specie One-third Part of what he might be suppolecl to want in Six Months Time; for that; he apprehends the only Difficulty would have been at first, when the People there, on the Arrival of so great u Number of Troops, might endeavour to lower the Exchange: That afterwards he docs not doubt but he could havel eontrafted with People on the Island, to have furnished the Money at the Rate of /. sniper Cent. or by other Means provided Money to answer the Occasion: That if the whole Money was advanced to him here be-fore-hatid, and he was only to fend it over, and to furnish the Money at Jamaica, at the Rate of £. 130.per Cent, he should think that he might make 12 or 15 per Cent, per Annum of the Money which he thus supplied, becaute he could return the same Money twice in the Gompafs of One Year: He added, that he believes the fnfurance of Money on Men of War from London to Jamaica might Be done at Two/ter Cent, to pay 84. That the Commission which he pays to his Agents at Jamaica, for trartfafting his Affairs, is Fivt per Cent. but it he was to negotiate 30 or £. 40,000. for the Government, her would have done it when at Jamaica for <i\ per Cent. with all his Heart; and doubts not but other Persons of Credit and Reputation, in Jamaica^ would have undertaken the same for the like Commission, or less.

James Knight;

N°5.

To* the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,<

Mr. Burrell, One of the Contractors for the Remittances for the Marines to Jamaica> hath delivered the Letter hereunto annexed, into the Office of the Pay-master of the Marines; wherein he proposes, that a further Sum of Nine thousand Five hundred Pounds may be issued for Subsistence to the Marines going on the intended Expedition: I humby pray your Lordships will be pleased to order the said Sum to be issued to the Pay-masterof the Marines>.for Uses hereafter to be dire died: viz.

On

30

16 Gtov II.

On the Order for Il8,14.i4-On the Order for 2- 33*42$.

309

All which is humbly fobmittfed.

Edmund Jones Deputy.

Office,

Sept.if40.

Sir,

The Troops under the Command of L6ffr Gdthcnrt having been so tong detained at Pottjktiiuh-, that the Money sent by them will become due befote they can arrive at Jammtn we therefofe beg Leave to reptefent to you, that tve apprehend it will be fot the Benefit of his Majesty's Service, that ap additional Two Months Pay may be sent by them, that at all Events they may be fecufed from any possible Disappointment.

We therefore beg Leave to request, That a further Sum of Nine thousand Five hunated Pounds may be advanced us, for the better enabling us to forward such Supply.

To the Honourable We are,

CJiarles Hanbury Williams, For Mr. John Brifio'W.a&d fel£ Paymaster of the Marines., Your most humble Servant, London, Sept. 23d 1740. Peter Burrell.

Whitehall, Treasury-Chambers, 24th September 1740.

Prefen t, ’

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord $anddn, Mr. Earle.

- 7,i 25 WMl&fdl, Tmfar^Chambdre, 1 jSh December 1740. Inquiry fot©

*’375 orlrd',

*----- Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Stotdon, Mf» Conduct

£. 9,50b WlnHihgm, Mf, ^Ttkby,

- — My Lcirdfe agree to a Proposal, now read* Of Peter

Burrell and John Bristow, dated the 1 instant, for suppiyVng a further Sum of £. 11 ,d0o. at Jamaica, for the Rty Of his Majesty’s Forces* goite upon the Expeditioti With Lord Grnhtatt, finding that the Rate of their Bills is the feme as was agreed to upon cheir Proposal of the 5th Jtjty loft , In Bills, payable in Jamaick at Sight* it the Rate off. t*o. Jamaica Currency, for every £kioo.

Sterling; and their Ldrdships order a Copy of this Minute to be transmitted to the Paymaster of his Majesty’s Fortes and Marines* so as the said Sum of £. a 1*660. may be i(filed for the said Bills accordingly.

N* 61

Extfa&s and Copies of Letters from ^rigadiet-General Wentworth and Mr. Cokbrooke.

’ (A).

Extra# of a Letter from Brigadiet-Genetal Wentworth t6 his Grace the Duke Of Netvckftk, Jamaica, Jatiaatft iOth 1740*-t»

I must beg Leave to represent to your Grace, that the Fixing of the Payment 6t the Troops at 120 Jamaica Currency, Will, I apprehend, be attended With InconVe-iiiendeS i tJpOkl the Monies being tendered to the Pay* mailers, great Discontent was expressed by the Officers,

issue also out of the said Funds to the Paymaster of and fume actually refused to receive it; of which boing

the Marine Regiments, the Sum of £. 9,500* upon Account, for the Subsistence of the said Regiments, to answer the Value of Bills of Exchange, for’ be given Iry Messieurs Burrell and Bristow, according to their Agreement in that behalf, for their furriiming Money at Jamaica, for the Expedition under Lord Cctthcatt;

To the Right Honourable the Lords ComfnlftionefS Of his Majesty's TrCafUry. 1 The Proposal Of Peter Burrell arid John Brijioiv.

That the Forces under the Command of Lord Cdtli-ctiYl, intended for an Expedition to the We/l-bldlis, haying been detained so long at Pottj{mouth by ednffafy Winds, it is apprehended that, upon their Arrival at Jamaica, a further Sum w ill be wanting than what is already remitted for that Service to the.£4tih1 December

1740. ’

That they are ready to fufnidi their Bills for Twe)ve thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Subsistence of his Majesty’s Forces, under the Command of the Lord Cash-edrt, from the 2^th of December 17 40, to the 23d of Pebfuary following, at the Rate of t5ne hundred Pounds Sterfing fof CVety One hundred and Twenty, paid at Jamaica, in the Currency of that Islandi

Which is humbly lubixiitfed to your Lord Chips, London, September ‘ For John Brijlowiztid fell,

25th 1740. Peter Burrell.

Whitehall, Treasury-Chambers, 26th September 1740.

Present,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Sundon,

Mr. Earle.

My Lords (upon reading a Memorial from the Paymaster of the Forces, dated the 25th instant, for carrying on the Subsistence of the Forces under the Lord Cat heart, from the 25 th of December 1740), order £. 11,024. 15. 5!. to be issued to the said Paymaster, on the Order in his Name, for Part of the £. 200,000. appropriated for Extraordinaries of the War, to be appointed towards the Service of the Expedition to the Wjl-Indiei>

immediately apprized, I have taken Measures to put a Stop to any further Complaints; but as we shall have a Detachment ffom the Jamaica Independent CompahleS, who are paid at 125 per Cent. y

I believe it will be difficult to prevent the Difccmtefit from getting amongst the private'Men: As the Exchange is always flUdiuating, the Payment of the Troops according to the exa<ft Currency, when theif Pay should become due, would be attended with great Incomreniencies; frpt was fhete a proper Medium fixed (even so low as 125 pfr Cent.) I believe all would be made easy.

Sit,

ftlrtplw, ^arnica, aotfe Friruay 1740. Mr. Golebrooke to Mr. Pelham.

; Yob Mtl certainty have leafnt from Messieurs Bur-TV//and BfijldW, before this time, that their Correspon-deUts, Merewetmt and Mafinkg, had declined executing the ir-Orders to pay to the Deputy Paymaster such Sums of Money as those Gentlemen had, by their Contra6h with the Lords of the Treasury, engaged to fumish here, for the Service of the Expedition; but it is probable those Gentlemen were not informed, that the Motive of that Refusal was, that these Factors had in view the appropriating the Profits to arise by such Supply to themselves: What lleafons they may have given to their Principals, I cannot say; but at this Place, to justify, or at least excuse, so uncommon a Procedure, they say, Messieurs Burrell and Bristow did rot propose to allow them a sufficient Commission or Provision; that it was not worth their while to undertake it for a Consideration of Onep^r Cent, to each of them: The Truth is, they were dazzled with the Prospett of getting 15 or 20 instead of Two per Cent, and reckoning that a much greater Sum than those Gentlemen received from the Treasury in July^ would be due to the Forces before they arrived here, finding November almost out, they made their Calculation that they should be able tofet their own Price upon what they imagined the Deputy Paymasters would be under a Necessity of taking from them; but the further Supply you issued to Messieurs Burrell and Bristow in September, and for which they gave their Bill upon me, has put me in a Condition to answer all Occasions hitherto, and disconcerted all their Measures.

4 K J per-

by GOQgk

Vol. 24*

Inquiry ii Earl of Orford’i

Condndh

3 *

300 Junii.

A. 1742.

> I perceived the General inclined to think favourably of the Intentions of these Persons; and yet it was not till the 25th of January y that he appeared convinced that they never intended to furnish Money upon the Account of the Gentlemen in England; at which Time Mr, Manning declared, in express Terms, in the Presence of General fVentworthy Mr. Stewart, Lieutenant-Governor of this Island, and other Gentlemen, that they would not answer Messieurs Burrell and Bristow's Credit: This was the 16th Day after I delivered Messieurs Burrell and Bristow*s Letters of Credit to them, and made my Demand on them: What pa/Ted between me and them, and with General IVentworth, in that Interim, you will please to fee, by the Copies of the Letters I fend herewith.

.Upon the Refusal of Memvether and Manning to furnish Money, General IVentworth desired me to stay in this Place, and endeavour to raise Money for the Use of the Troops; which I have undertaken, pursuant to the Instructions you have honoured me with $ and I hope my Zeal for his Majesty’s and your Service will receive your Approbation.

I have Reason to think, that as Merewether and Manning expected to supply what Money the Troops might Rave Occasion for, at an immoderate Profit to themselves, that I shall meet with all possible Opposition from them and their Adherents; otherwise I could not have failed of finding all the Money I can possibly want, for Bills: What the Event will be, I cannot say with sufficient Certainty, more than that my Endeavours will be faithful, and I hope effectual.

Messieurs Merewether and Manning acquainted me, the 9th of January, that they had, so long ago as the End of November, wrote to Messieurs Burrell and Bristow, to tell them, that whatever Sums were wanted here for the Forces, mud be sent in Specie from England; they knew that an Answer to those Advices could not well come back to this Island till April or May, and expected; in the mean time, to have ffipplied Money to the Troops, upon their own unjust Terms: This faithiefs Treatment of their Principals must have aftoniffied and deceived Messieurs Burrell and Bristow, till th? Truth comes to be developed by subsequent Letters; and upon what you will have heard from them, you have certainly been induced to fend over more Specie; a thing that would have in no same been necessary, if these Persons had not entered into the most ungrateful and unnatural Combination to discredit their Benefadors, and distrefe the public Service; and insinuating to Brigadier Blakeney, that themselves only were in a Condition to supply the Troops; which, for the Sake of the Service, as an Act of great'Merit, they would find Means to do, at t^xe JRate of £. no. this Currency for £. xoo. Sterling.

Kingston, 24th February 1740. Mr. Colebrooke to Mr. Pelham.

Sir,

I gave Notice that I had Occasion for a Supply of Money for the Service, and offered my Bills at £. 130. Jamaica Currency for £. 100. Sterling; and notwithstanding several Things combine to make Money scarce, I-have made a Beginning, and passed Bills upon you for £. 1,250. Sterling, as is noted at the Foot:

£. 500. to John Hamilton Esquire, Value of the fame, aoo. to Robert Wilson, Value of John Hamilton

300. to John Easty Value of Samuel Spofforth.

100. to Samuel Spofforth, Value of the fame.

150. to Jacob Mendes Da Costa, Value of David

----- Bravo.

£.1,250. All under this Date, payable at Three Days Sight, which Sum of Twelve hundred and Fifty Pounds. Sterling, at the Rate of One hundred and Thirty, making Sixteen hundred Twenty-five Pounds, Jamaica Currency,

I pass to the Credit of the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire.

(D)

Kingston, Jamaica, 23d March 1740. Mr. Colebrooke to Mr. Pelham.

Sir,

I have now the Pleasure to acquaint you, that the-Combination that had been formed here, to reduce the Price of Bills, for the public Service, to £.110. is intirely dissipated; the Confederates lately made a new Effort to put a Stop to the Supplies of Money, which they found coming into my Hands, by endeavouring to borrow all the Money they could hear of; but I have now happily overcome all Opposition, and can allure you on good Grounds, that whatever Money may be necessary to be raised for the Service, will be found here, for Bills on you, at £. 130. and upwards: I say this with Confidence, from the State and Course of the Trade here; and I dare venture to advise you not'to fend any more Money from England, in Specie, upon Account of any Doubt of my finding all that can possibly be wanted for the Use of his Majesty’s Forces; and I think 1 am not mistaken in my Conclusion, if a War should break out with France, I shall find Money at £.140. this Currency, for every £. 100. Sterling; because, as the Risque ot fending Money Home will be greater, the Premium of Insurance must rife in Proportion, and People will give a greater Price for such Bills of Exchange, as they find by Experience are regularly discharged.

Hereunder is an Account of all the Bills I have passed upon you: The 24th of February, for £. 1,250. at 130. is £. 1,625. The 9th of March for £. 2,420. at 130. is £. 3,146. And the 18th of March for £. 1,285. Sterling, at 130. is £. 1,670. 10. for all which Sums 1 make myself Debtor« according to the respective Dates.

n

BILLS

16 Geo. II.

30* Jun

311

BIL LS drawn by John Colebrooke, for the Use of his Majesty's Forces in America.,* upon the Right Honourable inquiry Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces. - -

24th February, N°

£. 590. Ster. Order John Hamilton Esquire, Value of the fame.

200. Order Robert Wilson, Value of John Hamilton, Esquire* 300. Order John Eafi, Value of Samuel Spoffortk.

100. Order Samuel Spofforth, Value of the lame.

150. Order David Mendes da Co ft a, Value of David Bravo.

into

Ears of Orford’s Conduit.

£ 1,250. Sterling, at 130. makes Jamaica Currency -9th March. N° 6. £. joo. Ster. Order Edward Trelawney Esquire, Value of the lime.

- jC- 1,62s —

7-

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

18 th March. N*

120.

2JO.

200.

500.

500.

300.

50-

Order John Hamilton, Value of the fame.

Order Pat. Taylor, Value of the fame.

Order John Douce, Value of George Peete.

Order Judah Supino, and Son, Value of Jac, Pareira Mendes. Order James Douglass, of London, Value of Murray Crimble. Order Jkwtt Murray, Value of the fame.

Order Jfo/; iVc//, Value of the fame.

/. 2,420. Sterl. at 130. makes Currency of Jamaica - -

200. Ster. Order Strachan and Wilson, Value of the fame.

Order Papillon and Benj. Ball, Value of Murray Crymble. Order and Porter, Value of D\

Order Robert De Lap and Comp. Value of the fame.

Order James Taylor ‘s Value of the fame.

Order Alex. Barclay, Value of David Barclay.

Order Robert and John Hamilton, Value of the fame.

Order Matthew Cleveland, Value of Robert and John Hamilton.

£. 1,285. Ster* at I3°- makes Jamaica Currency -

3,146 —

1,670 10 £- 6,441 10

(E.)

Kingston, Jamaica, ift May 1741. Mr. Colebrooke to Mr. Pelham.

Sir*

I advised you, the 23d of March, of having drawn upon you 21 Bills of Exchange, under fevcrai Dates, amounting to/. 4,955 Sterling.

I have since drawn £, 7,757. 1 r. 2. in other 24 Bills, as hereunder, and make myself Debtor for the respective Sums under each Date.

I am now quite sure; of railing Money at £. 130. and upwards, to any Amount that shall be required, provided a proper Notice is given.. . j r

ACCOUNT of Bills drawn by John Colebrooke, upon the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster-General, for the Use of the present Expedition.

1741. 24 March. I N* f 22 £ Ster. 300 To Alexander Campbell Value of the fame.

X-1>500-,) 23 100 To Ditto - - . - - - - Ditto.

/ *4 100 To Abraham Kan, Hoorn - - . John Hamilton.

1,000 To David Tavares - _ - - Himself.

6th April. " 26 500 To Pandofo and Panierc - - - Themfelyes.

27 200 To John Ferguffon . - , - Thomas Stratton.

28 5° John Hamilton - - - Himself.

29 100 Ditto -; - - - Himself.

30 *5° Ditto - - ... «r - Himself*

31 400 Daniel Dias Fernandas - A. and S. Dias Fernandas.

32 300 Aaron Loufada . - J. and B. Loufada.

X-6.407 I. *< 33 45° Samuel Stork - - John Curtin.

34 1,000 Isaac Feuriado - - - - H;mself.

35 200 Ab. de Fonfeca - - M. and A. La Mera.

36 15*. Pereira and Lima - - - :A. La Mera.

37 20/ II 2 Jacob Brandon - - - ;» Himself.

38 800 Daniel Mendes da Costa - - - -1, . Himself.

39 500 Judah Supino and Son - . - . Isaac P. Mendes.

40 200 Pat. Taylor

I 41 200 Ditto - - . - - - . - , Himself.

24th April. r 4t xoo William Groves - - - :"i - . Himself.

r 43 200 Jacob Mendes da Cojla . - , i . David Bravo.

X- 85°- i 44 350 Joseph Polander - - i - Himself.

1 I 45 10O Taylor and Jackson - - ' . - Themfjves.

Which Sums of Fifteen hundred Pounds, Sterling, drawn the 24th of March-, and Five thousand Four hundred and Seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence, the Sixth of April; and Eight hundred, and Fifty Pounds,.the 24th of April, I pass to the Credit of the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, at the Rate of £. 13P. Jamaica Currency, for /. ioo. Sterling, in his Account of Exchanges, under the respective Dates.

In° Colebrooke.

You 24*

Inquiry hit Earl of CrfortPs Conduct.

(fj'unii.

A1174&

m

(O.)

Dated, Jamaica, 7th September 1741. Mr. jColebrooke to Mr. Pelham.

Mr. Colebrooh to Mr. Pelham, dated ift September 1741.

Sir, *' 'd. . '

In pursuance of your Command, in the Second Parar . Sir. graph of your Letter of the 25th of May, about the Dif- / The DilCuisfaction of the Officers at receiving their content of the Troops on Occasion of their being paid Pay at £. 120, this Currency, for every £. 100 Sterling at the Pate of £.noy Jamaica Currejicy, for /, joo. jaereai.es ever)' Day; and now I have found Means to Sterling, it is my Duty to acquaint vou, that the Par of bring the Exchange to 140, they complain of it as a

very great ^lardship. I had formerly represented to the

Mopcy between England and Jamaica is Pistoles at i6r. %d. Sterl. £. 1. 3. 9. Jamaica 142*: Guineas at £. 1. 1. *' ip $-9.' 7 >;

Moidores at 1. 7. - 1. 18. 9, .< 143*:

Portugal Pieces£. 1. 16. - 2. 10. - 138$:

To which adding 6 per Cent. for Freight and -Insurance from Jamaica to London, the Medium upon Gold is - - - I49»

Pieces of Eight 7s. 3d. per Oz. Jamaica 5/. 6d-London Par - }39f

Small Pieces 7. 2. - - - 5. 6. i34TV»

Medium 135: To which adding 6 per Cent. for Freight and Insurance, as before, upon Silver, is - - - - 143.

General, tipon this Occasion, that the Price of 120 was fixed* by Con trad: of the Treasury, with Messieurs Burrell and Briflozv, th# your Inflections to me so pay tile Troops at that Rate was in Conformity to that Contract, under the Supposition that it was the most that could be obtained.

That it Was not to be imagined, that you could order the Troops to be paid at a higher Exchange than the Price fixed with the Con traders; but that as the Contract was not answered by the Agents of Burrell and Bristow, I thought it probable I might receive your Orders to pay the Troops at a higher Rate, when you were informed of my Succeli in railing the Exchange.

This I have happily executed, contrary to the Inclination and Inceretf of some Persons, and to the Opinion

I mentioned in my Uftof the i*fh September, that the

Officers of the Independent Companies here, dr^w for their Pay according to the Course of Exchange, now 140* and and Apprehensions of others, not only unassisted by the

Persons, whose particular Stations required tlx.ir supporting my laudable Attempt, but opposed and ob-fh uded in my Measures.

pay the private Men at 125,

I have learnt, that when the Regiments of Cope and Hay arrived in this Island, the Assembly, in Confederation of the Dearness of all Ne$*0kries, then passed an Act to make them an Allowance of Provisions at the Country’s Expense; and 1 am well informed that Provisions are at this Time 50 per Cent, dearer than they were then.

I confirm, that the Officers of the Independent Companies have an Allowance of 20 Shillings, and each private Man, Five Shillings, per Week; for which 10,000 is raised-aririuatty by the Afletably.

My Du ty~ requires me to secondi your Zeal in his Majesty’s Service, to the utmost of my Abihtyv in she EJe-

Sjartment you have plefrfed to honour me with; and it s with Joy tb&t I can inform yoo, that* by Occnfionu of Currency, for 6 Pence Sterling, which answers to £. 125, the great Sum of Money issued by, you, brought to Custeftcy, for £. too' &ferfingj auditheOffiicet drawls his this Place in Specie, the Combination entered into, to Bflls according so the Exchmige, which is now/ at £,140;

besides which, the Affemfely, in Condd^tion of the Deajness of all Necessaries, allows every 'Captain and

' (H.) ,

Mr. Colebrooke. to Mr. Pelham.

Kingston, Jamaica, 12th September 1741.

Sir,

I have the Mortification to acquaint you, that this Discontent of the Troops increases every Day; the more as they come to underftartd that the Exchange is brought ttofi. i4«t, and that she'private Men of the Independent Companies hercy are paid Ortt ftyat, or 7I Fence, this

distress me in raising Money for the Use of the Troops, by lowering the Exchange, has been intirely broken; and from thence, and the State of the Tffckfe frotn freuee to the Spanish Coast, there is Reoi&r* to beaCuted, that the Exchange wht keep up~to £. r4oy no^ witiremt a Probability of its being raised higher by proper Ma-

Lretifehanf 26 SMIingsCoifeitfey, and every private Man 5 Shillings a Week additional Pay, called here Country

Subsistence'. - ....

_ w . This puts tike Condition, of these Independent Com-

nagpmentr And as this favourable Circumftader may ' parties on- lb miuch better Footing than the Forces on lie tbs Means of producing very considerable Relief to the*Expedition, that these latterrare c nntinually express- Trnrtm. hv naviner them at a hioher Rate bflMitfne«y. fag t^irUneafincfs on *1*1 Comparison.

q the Troops, by paying them at a higher Rate hereafter,

‘ T ftppe you will look upon it as an 1-nftanee of my Atnv bitioji to1 make my Services agreeable to you, thatfcoffdr piyfeif to undertake to draw Rills upon you at the beflr 1 ^cmne of the Exchange. -. ‘ Ttye Interest of the Merchants fending Goods to Ja- prned.is against the Rife of the Exchange; but 1 persuade ' ' tpyfe)f frail fee^as* fUdcefsful in this-Attempt, as&Th«ve . hitherto in your Service3 and I. am so well* allured* oPw$at i advance, that; should yoir prefer the having-a ‘ Certain ?ri£e fixed, I am ready to furnish whatever Sum*

' of Money m^y -be wanted for his Majesty’s Forces, at £. 13^. certain Price, without any Charge $ and that’my Bills be at iro less Term than Four Months after Date, or

ll ettn rtdw assure you,-that* yoaur.^y depend upon my keeping ub the Exchange toi£. s 40, and rrtifing whatever Sunt* may| be want^3tfor hit- Majesty’s Forces; and that dil&upon you wilhbfcve the; Preference of all private Bills. - i

Sir,

: a)

Mr. Colebiwilv to Mr. Pelham.

Kingston^ Jaitiaicaj 8th October* 174^*

TJt^re istiothing talkn-d of so ttiuch among the Officers r o- 1 , T bTfhe Arttiv, asithe>FIafdship Of beihgpaidat 120, when

ttie Exrfi^ is at 14 A , Evcfy ont of them is become

with\fma^ Bills, but pase One-in Two Months, o^CDtis Month the oftenest. *

Ufent further to Mr. Pitt, for the Use of the Forces on JJttPa,. 6,£S 5. rj, by* the Defiance, Captain- Trevor*

Which’ f&fed'Yesterday.

‘ , ’ I am, Sir, -

1 ‘ ' Your most obedient and

T most humble Servant,

KkgshH, 'fonaito* Jot CoUbmkn

\&r September, 1744.

a Calculator, and cc nfrpkin^ iftrat he loses £. 16, 6. on every^.-iDO.; For 12*0' JamaipdUdrrency, is paid with 62 Mbidbres,. at 3?>s. $d. eac h; which 62 Moidores is Ho more than83. 14, Sterling: And 1 hive been told, that thuft^of their 1 havC‘<vrot^ their Friends ^t Home

tb apply, for! Rr;dress r finding tliemfelveS v‘cfy much flVeight^nedj.ir. a Place*Whelro' e v«ry Necessary is ex^ ceffiye dear.

AstllcGEtt^rai (Wih^ridt iriclind ttOStdtrtrhePtfyment of the Troopt'otherwise thahf S\fth$ of Money upon >Ac-~cotmt, notwithstanding his* ftVift IhJ utiAiortv to me to be ^iwuyt ready, it i* probqible Pma^'rld < btt Obliged to-take 16 up

16 Geo. I II. Jo0 Junii, \\

up Money foori; >vhich 1 shall be very.,glad of, that 1 may be instructed by yoivwhether I am to receive Money from Messieurs Gray and Woolley, as they now offer, at £.125, pr to pass my Bills to the Public at £. 140; on which Price, and my finding all the Money that'may be wanted for the Service, you may henceforward depend.

’ (K.)

Mr. Colebrooke to Mr, Pelham. /,

Kingston, Jamaica, 121 h-February 1741-2.

14rave received the Honour of Two of your Letters, of the 18th of July and the iff 0 Sober i. with Copy of the Lords of the Treasury’s Agreement with Messieurs BttrrBll ajid Briftowi, , Your Oitder, that it be complied! with, has been already executed, and 'the additional five. ferCent. upon all Payments for Subsistence, from the 24th of April, has been paid to the respective Pay made is, and the Payments, ffn.ee the 2 5 th of December, made at./!. 125.

I have this Day.passed my Bill 6n you for£,4,800, N° 93, at 30 Da$$ Sights payable to Peter Burnell and John Bristow Esquires, for Value of Messieurs Gray and-Woolley, at 125. i§ 6^000 Jamaica,’Currency. ,i.

’ (M

Extract of a Letter to the Paymaster of the Marines from his Deputy in jewmica, 22d August 174T.

General.Gsc/ehas wrote to' Mr. Colebrooke, that it is his.Opjnion he ought not to take the Money from Mr. Gray at £120. for £ loo. Sterling, when he can draw at £. 130. and £135: That as the'Agents of Burrell and Bristow would not supply Money according to the Con-' traCl with the Treasury, that it is void; and that lie ought to keep drawing till he hears from Mr. Pelham. There is great Murmuring amongst the Troops being paid at £l.2o: 1 think if it had beenlettled at £1 25, it would have done better; which would have answered to the Currency of Silver here, 7\ d. for- -6 d. Sterling.

I don’t doubt but it 1 was to take all Opportunities for Drawing, but I could txl always sure of supplying at £.130, csV.

N° 7.

May it please your Lord ships,

I humbly beg Leave to lay before your Lord ships, Copies of Three Letters lately received from Mr. John Colebrooke til Jamaica, the Person deputed by me to pay the Troops employed upon the Expedition to America, relating to the Exchange of Monies between London and Jamaica; which I thought proper to communicate to your Lordships, with a Representation of this Affair, as the same appears to me.

That your Lordships were pleased, by Minute of the 9th July 1740, to contract and agree with Messieurs Burrell and Bristow to furniffi Money for Payment of the said Troops, at the Rate of £ 120, Jamaica Currency, for every £. 100. Sterling: In pursuance whereof, my Deputy was intruded to take up Money from the Agents of the said Contractors, or Remitters at Jamaica, and draw his Bills upon me payable to the same:

That, upon a Representation from Major-General Wentworth, Commander in Chief of the Forces upon the said Expedition, letting forth the Discontent among the Troops, occasioned by receiving no more than £. 120, Jamaica Currency, for £ 100. Sterling; your Lordships were pleased, by Minute of the 5th of June 1741, to make a new Agreement with the said Messieurs Burrell and Bristow, that the Money should be fumished by them at the Rate of £. 125, Jamaica Currency, for every £. 100. Sterling; and that the Troops should be paid at the same Rate:

That my Deputy, upon his Arrival at Jamaica, did apply to Messieurs Merew ether and Manning, Agents for Vol. 24.

the said Contractors, who refafed to supply the Money Inquiry into that might be wap ted for the Service of the Expedition; ot’ at £. 120, Jamaica Currency,-for £ 100..Sterling; and ^onduct the said Contractors did, upon Notice thereof, in the room of Melff^tirs Merew ether and Manning, appoint Mr. John \GraJ their Agent; who made ,an immediate-Offer of all such Sums of Money as Wjere, or should. be.i wanting, for his Majesty’s Service; but, previous thereto*,-my Deputy apprehending a Combination was entered} into among some monied Men of the-.Island, to provent, his getting any more than £ no, Jamaica Currency-, fed*)

£ 100/Sterling, found himself unde*, the Necessity of makingjufe of the Credit and Power giy^n.hini b^huln-; struCfionSj to, draw Bills upon me, as!Paymaster General;i at the belt Rate of Exchange that he could obtain; and; hath actually drawn Bills upon me so,; the Amount , ,oL £29,216. 5, s. id. at 130, 133, and feme at £.14055 Jamaica (Currency, for £ 100. Sterlings and makes "tio doubt but that he shall bevable to dravv for all Monied, that fhalLbc wanted for the Service uf the Troops*, fof; the future, at £ 140, Jamaica, Currency, for £100.'

Sterling; which is confirmed by Brigadier-General.Guise;' as his Opinion also, in a Letter of the 4th of September? a Cppy whereof is hereunto annexed.

V That he hath kept a distinct Account of the Profit, or Difference between the Rate at. which the Troops have been paid, and the Rate at which his several Bills have been drawn, according to his Instructions; but that the said Remitters liavfc been turn idled with Money from my Office* to take up and discharge the Bills so drawn by my Deputy upon me; they concluding, that, by virtue of their Contract with vpur Lordships, they have a Right to t he said Profit or Difference, and expect that the same should be carried to their Account, and paid over into the Hands of their Agents at Jamaica.

I,therefore humbly pray your Lordships Orders and Directions, whether the* laid Profit or Difference, arising, by Exchange, shall be accounted for and paid to the Agents of the said Contractors, or referred in the.Hands of my Deputy, for the Use and Benefit of the Public,

Which is humbly iubmitted to your Lordships.

Pay-Office, Horle-Guards, -

15th December 1741. H. Pelham;

Brigadier Guise to Mr. Pelham.

Kingston, Jamaica, September 4th, 1741.

Sir,

After the Expedition of Carthagcna, I arrived in this Place, and had a violent Fit of Sickness, that 1 was not in a Condition to serve in the present'Expedition in the Island oiCuba. I find rfiat Mr. Colebrooke can have Money enough at £ 140 Currency at Sixty Days Sight. ’ We have had a great Number of Officers sick here; and it is incredible the Expence they have been at; and they flatter themselves, that, since Money can be h'ad, at so easy a Rate, they may reap the Benefit of it.

1 am, with great Respect,

Sir, your mofl humble Servant, ’ V J Guise.

, N* 8.

May it please your Lordships We having received, by Order of your Lordships, Copy of a Memorial from the Paymaster-General of his Majesty’s Forces, dated the 13th bccember last, containing a State of the Transactions at Jamaica, relating to the Exchange and the Pay of the Troops there, and referring to feveiai Letters from his Deputy in that Island, dated the iff, 7th, and 12th September last;.allba Letter fiorn Brigadier-General Guise, dated the 4th September j to all which your Lordships are pleased to require our Answer: In Ooedience thereto, we beg Leave to lay before you, in the First Instance, the Reasons upon which 4 L our

inquiry into E rl of OrforcTs Conduct.

514

our Contract was founded irt its original Price of £.120, and Augmentation afterwards to £. 125. The Rule for fixing any Price of Exchange could only be found by the Probability of the Rate at which Money might be raised in Jamaica; and, in order to attain that Knowledge, we endeavoured to procure Bills here, on; but could

not succeed even at £.ilo. It is well known, the island of Jamaica has no Specie of its own; but is supplied chiefly, if not intirely, by what it draws from the West Indies for Balance of Trade; and of this a very small Quantity does, or can, remain in the island; for this Reason; because Silver, in which that Balance is paid; bears a higher Price in England, in proportion to the Exchange, than it does at Jamaica; and the Currency of the island is so inconsiderable, that it is extremely difficult to recover Debts of any Kind but in Sugar; of some other Produce of the Plantation.

The Par of Exchange between England and Jamaica is deemed to be 125, for every £.100. Sterling: But as the Exchange between any Two Places depends upon many Contingencies and Incidents, no fixed Price or Course can be ascertained; but as more or less Money is to be paid at one Place or the other, it must eternally vary'. The Exchange might be at£.i25, or higher, whilst the island of Jamaica remained upon the same Footing with regard to England, which it had been for many Years; but the Moment England was obliged to pay so large a Sum in Jamaica for Subsistence of the Troops, the same must alter, as it did with regard to Colonel Blakensy; who, before the Arrival of the Forces under General Wentworth, could, with Difficulty, raise a small Sum for Subsistence of the American Regiment at£.t2o: And had not this inevitable Consequence been foreseen by us, and the Money, for the Whole, to have been raised upon the island, no Man can say at what Rate the Persons in Possession of the Currency would have given it, or what Price the Exchange would have fallen to; but if a Judgment may be formed from the above Instance, it must have been greatly under £.120. The Pay of an Independent Company cannot bear a Parallel with the present Cafe, as there is no Proportion in the Sums to be raised. Upon these Conli-derations, it became incumbent upon us, for the public Service, as well as for our own Safety, to remove the Difficulties which attended the railing the Money there; and the only Expedient left to avoid the Imposition of the Persons who were in Possession of the Currency, was to provide a new one, in some measure independent of them. This we did, by fending out, at our own Risque and Charge, the proper Funds for that Purpose. And your JLordships were pleased to dire# the Payment of a Sum of Money to us, upon our furnishing the Paymaster General our Bills on Jamaica for the Amount; which was accordingly done, and the Bills punctually discharged. The Receipt of this Money at Jamaica had the desired Effe#, as it broke a Combination, which was actually entered into,.to lower the Exchange, and distress the Service; and by which, Monies were soon raised by Draughts from thence at £.130; which enabled us to alter the Price from £.uo, to £.125.

And as this Money was the foie Cause of supporting the Exchange in the Beginning; so Tint, together with what has been since sent out, and the great Reduction of the Pay, from the fatal Mortality among the Troops, must be attributed the further Rife of the Exchange to £.135, and £.140. And we beg Leave to remark, that had the Money, sent out by us, miscarried, the Exchange must have been governed by the arbitrary Will of the Persons possessed of the Currency of the island.

MdTieurs Merewether and Manning, whom we appoint-

ed our Agents at Jamaica, did refute to comply with a

1742.

Demand made on them by Mr. for the imme-

diate Payment of a Sum of Money, and also what might be further wanted for the Service of the Expedition, at £.T2o. And the Reason alleged for this Refusal was Mr. Colebrooke's absolute Denial of their Ilequest to be informed what Part of the Money, brought out by the Deputies, had been issued, what Sums were then wanted, and what Sums would be necessary, from time to time, to be raised for carrying on the Service ? This Denial of Mr. Colebrooke, and his peremptory Demand without Limitation, we conceive, must have been calculated to deter our Agents from the Execution of our Orders, and he thereby get the Tranfa#ion of the wholcinto his own Hands.

As soon as we received Notice of what had happened between the Deputies and Mesa

ning, we made an Alteration in our Agency'; acquainting your Lordships therewith; arid, in the room of the former, appointed Mr. John Gray our Agent, who made an immediate Offer of all such Sums as were, or should be, wanting for his Majesty’s Service, at £.125, agreeable to a new Engagement we had entered into with your Lordships.

As Mr. Colebrooke could no longer pretend Refusal, on the Part of our Agents, of the Payment of any Sum of Money which he should require, he pleads the Want of Orders, and that our Contract was at an End; notwithstanding Notice was given him of the new One made with your Lordships at £.125; and under these Pretences, he refuses to accept of the Offer made him by our Agent, and continues to draw, himself, on the Pay-master-General.

The Assurance that Mr. Colebrooke gives to the Pay-master-General, that the Exchange must be kept up at £ 140, appears to us most extraordinary; as we think nothing in Nature can be more precarious or uncertain than the Course of that Exchange.

The Computations made by Mr. Colebrooke in his Letter, ift September, are erroneous in Part, and extremely

fallacious in the Whole. Pistoles, instead of the Price which he mentions of i6r. and 8 are not to be bought under 1 ys. and 2d.; and Moidores of 27J. not to be found for any large Sum; the Non-coinage of this particular Specie for many Years having rendered it very scarce. The Addition of 6 per Cent, to this Computation, for Freight and Insurance from Jamaica to London is placed direEUy contrary to what it ought to be: It is a necessary Charge upon the Remitter, who fends it from hence, and at whose Expence it got thither, and by which Means alone the Exchange bears any Price at all. His Computation on Silver is equally erroneous; the Price which he mentions to be $s. 6 d.in England has been, since the Commencement of the War with Spain, and will probably remain so during the Continuance of it, from 5 yd. to 5*. 71 d.for Pieces of Eight, and so in proportion for small Pieces; which, upon a Medium of 7 3 and

ys. ad. Jamaica Currency, forms an Exchange of about per Cent.

Mr. Colebrooke, to complete the Whole, ventures, in his Letter, 7th September, to write to the Paymaster-General, That, by his Success, his Majesty’s Troops had been supplied 20 to 30 per Cent, better or cheaper than they would have been by our Agents: In order to give your Lordships all the Light in our Power, we beg Leave to lay before you the real State of the follow- . ing Specie mentioned in Mr. s Letter, in

respect to their Price here, their Value in , and

what their Produce is to the Remitter, after Deduction of the Charges they pay for the fame; viz.

0° Junii.

Pistoles

16 Geo. II.

30° j fu

315

£. s. d.

Pistolcs at — 17. 2. each.Sterl. pass in Jamaica at 1. 3* 9> is* for ^.100. Sterl. Jamaica Currency £.138

Guineas - 1. 1. — - D* ----- 1. 8. 9. - D*--

Moidores - 1. 7. — - D* ----- 1. 18. 9. -.....D° - - - 143I

D° - I. 16. — - D° ----- 2. 10. — - -- - D* - - - 1381

Inquiry info 1361^ Earl of Orford's Conduct.

The Medium of the above Specie produce, for every £.100. Sterling, Jamaica Currency, about

*39*

Deduct thereout the following Charges paid by us on Remittances to Jamaica £. 1 per Cent. Shipping and other Charges in England. a* per Cent. Insurance.

1 per Cent. Freight to Jamaica.

3 per Cent. Commission we pay in Jamaica.

£. 7 iper Cent, computed on 139*, the above Medium is about -

The Price contracted for how being £.100. Sterling, for £.125. Jamaica, deduct laid

4

Then there remains a Profit, Jamaica Currency, the Sum of on 139^, not quite 3 per Cent.; which , we presume, will Draughts j and that the same be carried to our Account* not be thought by your Lordships unreasonable, consider- and paid over to our Agents at Jamaica. ing the Trust we are obliged to put in Agents at that Dil* Peter Burrell, John

tance, and the great Hazard that attends all Transactions __________ ;__________-

in those Parts: To which we mull again repeat* that as

the Rile of the Exchange was intirely owing to the Money Sir, N* 9.

sent out by us, had that Money mifearried, we must have Incloied is Affidavit, as desired. I should be glad to felt the inconvemency of a Want of Currency for the Sub- know how the Petition succeeds, for Colls out of the fistence of the Troops, and been exposed to the Mercy Justices Fines.

of those Persons who were engaged in a Combination to 1 am exceedingly lorry for the Death of Mr.;

make their Advantage of it, and the Profit now made no where to have such another for public Affairs, I am at a way equal to what we must, in that Cafe, have futfered. Loss: Sure I am, had he befenliving, and well* our Com-And t his leads us to take Notice of what the Paymaster- million of Justices would have been determined one way General desires in his Memorial, That your Lordships will or other ere this Time. If you have any Interest, I beg give Orders and Directions for the Disposal of the Profit, you would press it strongly; with it, the Corporation is or Difference, by Exchange, on the Bills drawn upon him ours; without it, it is hazardous* and will be attained by his Deputy. As we humbly conceive, by our Con- (if ever) with great Difficulty.

trad with your Lordships, we engaged and obliged our- I beg you would proceed no further in any of the Mo-selves to furnish the Pay of the Troops at a certain Rate j tions you and I are and have been concerned in, than and had the before-mentioned Combination taken Effect, Mr. answers Payment for* both to you and

and the Exchange thereby fallen under that Rate, or the me, who am, Sir*

Funds sent out been attended with Loss, such Difference My Clerk was in London, Your humble Servant, or Loss must necessarily have been borne by us: There- when I first received fVm. Daniel.

fore we humbly submit it to your Lordships, that we are your Letter for the Af-

in Equity intitled to the Profit that shall arise from such fidavit. Colchester, 17 January 1740.

to*

129

125

-I- 4

VOL. 24.

AN

30- Ju

A. 1742.

N* 10.

Inquiry into An ACCOUNT of all Slims issued for Secret Service, or for his Majesty’s immediate or Special Service (the Orfor°d’3 Money 'f'ued. to his Majesty’s Privy Purse excepted), or to reimbuFfe Expences for his Majesty’s Sendee; dif-’ Comloft. .'tinguishing the Cause assigned for issuing the fame, the Time when^ and Persons to whom, the same has beort.

jffufd; from the-ioth Day of February 1731, to the loth -Day of February 1741; I

-SUnrs issued for his Majesty’s Secret Service.

i: ru-

I.

Sums issued for his Majesty’s Service, or Special Service.

I- S.

10,000 ——

2,000 ——

19

3-96.1

2,700

2,000

10,50b

4-7

2,231

3>oooo

2.000 5,000-2,600

6,5

.1,200 -2,110 I 1,000 3>°°o

2.000

5>35*

12,000

743

2.000 j,oooo 3,800

4.000 1,981

4^8

2,110

11

6

17 4

18

11

18

4

12

*3

Sums iftiicd ro reimburst <. Expences.

600

600 _

739 12 —

75 II —

1,228 19 8

497 10 —

2*5 4, 6

112 6 —

224 12 —

2,016 Os II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1

- 500 -

1,000

1,500

I, OCO,

1,000

500 —

1,500 —

500 r-

1,000 — ,

500 — -

1,00c

1,coo — ,

1,000 —

1,500 — a^m

500 —

1,000 —

1,000 — - ——

1,000

1,000 —

l, OCO - L

1,500 —

1,000 — -

500

2,500 - —

500 -

1,000

1,000

500 ,

The Time when issued.

5 J'ily 1739

29 August 1741 27^ March 17 32

20 April 1733'

5 August 1732

15 January 1732. iyjune 1733:

*3. My 1.734

30 September 1738

15 December 1736 30 September 1738 23 December 1736 13d August 1737

6 September 1737 14 October 1741

6 April 1734

7 February 1739' c February 1740

21 July 1741

4 January 1741 26 October 1737 4 January 1741 *7 April 1734 17 January 1736

29 April 1738'

22 January 17 38 22 Aptil 1734

14 October 1741 97«/y 1739

\\ Maj 1737

30 March 1738 ’

15 December' 1738 4 January 1741

26 October 1737

I 2 January 173 q

13 May 1740 2b JW? 1740

6 September 1737

II April 1739

11 March 1731 22 D°

29 D° 1732

20 y^r//

I $ Afay

26 D°

8 J/we

1 >/y

27 D°

9

19 D°

20 September 19 October

6 November

II December

30 D°

12 January 8 February

28 D°

12 March 17 April 1733

2

19 D®

30 D°

2 7?f/y

14 August ij D®

11 September

.;"i -.:t

Persons to whom iftiicd.

Richard Allen Robert Adams Gerii; Thymus Bowen & . D° ‘

Samuel Buckley

D°

D°

D®

D®

Burnaby t

D° . '

William Blair Edward Bryant

D®

Thomas Barton Esquire William Cation Abraham Castres George Campbell Gent. -Henry Care It on George Denton John Eger ton Francis Edwards Thomas ford.

Abraham Farley William Frazier Gent. Andrtw Fprfter William Farmer William Framming bam Esq. Thomas Gibjon John Hall EI q u i re jpfeph HarJiJty William Lord Harrington Richard Harrison El quire Robert Jack Jon William Johnson William Jeff erf on Esquire William Jackson Esquire Peter Le Imp Esquire D®

Thomas Lowther

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D* ,

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D3

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Sums

16 Geo. II

3*7

30° Junii.

Sums issued for his Majesty's Secret Service. Sums issued for his Majesty’s Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Expences. The Time when issued. Persons to whom issued.

£ s. d.

w 1,000 2 October 1733 Thomas L

1,500 — — 19 D° D°

1,000 — — , 16 November D°

1,coo — . 19 D* D°

1,000 — — . 15 December D®

1,000 _ 4 January D®

' 2,000 17 D° D®

1,000 26 D# D®

1,000 — — 22 February D*

2,000 — — 26 March 1724. D®

" 2,500 11 April D®

2,000 — — 3 May D®

m 2,000 13 D° D®

m 1,000 IO July D®

2,500 — — 18 Dw D*

500 7 Aug"ft D*

" 1,000 24 September D®

- 1,000 — . — 8 October D®

— " 1,000 — 25 D° D®

" 1,000 — 6 November D®

~ " — ’ " 1,000 — — 12 December D®

* i,5oo 4 January D°

1,500 17 February D°

" * I^cn 26 D° D’

- - * 1,000 — — 19 April 1735 D"

— " " 3,000 ’ 16 May D®

- ~ 1,500 14 June D"

- " ~ 2.000 — 10 July D*

- " " 1,5°° 20 August D®

m — 2.500 27 D° D°

- - - 2,000 — - — 5 September D"

" - " 1,000 — 26 D* D"

- - - - 1,000 20 October D®

- - - - 1,000 7 November D®

- - - - 1,000 — — 29 December D°

- - - - 2,000 3 February D®

- " - - 1,000 — — 5 D* D®

- - - - 1,500 4 March D®

- - - 1,500 — — 16 April 1736 D®

- - 1,500 5 June D*

m " - 1,500 9 E>° D

- - - 1,00® — — 30 B* D*

- - - - 1,500 11 August D"

- - - 1,5 0 6 October D®

- - - 2,000 10 November D®

- - - - 1,000 18 December D®

- - - m 1,200 18 January D"

- - - - 1,000 — 19 February D®

- . " - - 1,500 — — 29 March 1737 D®

- - - - 1,500 14 May D®

- - - 2,000 — 9 7u/y D®

- - - 1,300 — — 22 September D°

- - - 2,000 — — 5 October D®

- - 1,5°° 7 November D®

aft - - 1,500 31 December D*

_ - - - 2, OCO — 1 February D"

- _ 1,000 — — 22 March D®

- - - 2,000 — r9 April 1738 D®

_ _ - 1,000 — 4 May D®

_ 1,000 — 10 D° D*

_ - 500 2 2 June D®

- _ 2,000 12 July D®

m . 1,000 16 August D®

m _ 2,600 25 October D®

_ 1,000 — 7 December D*

_ - 1,200 17 Jammy D*

- 1,000 — 24 D° D*

_ _ 1,500 3 February D®

__ . 1,000 — — 28 D* D*

_ _ 1,200 7 April 17 39 D®

R , . 1>5°0 12 May D®

*» 1 ► - ’ - 1,500 — 1 — 20 June D* ft.

4M

Inquiry into Eiri of Orford’s

Conduit.

Vol. 24.

Sums

A. 174 2

Inquiry into Earl of Orford'* Conduct.

Sums issued for his

30* Jun\

Sums issued for his Majesty’* Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Expence*.

£. s. d. £. S. d. x

3,500 — —

1,000 —

1,000 — —

- 3,500 — —

- 2,000

- I,. OO — —

2,000 —

- 1,000 —

- 1,500 — —

i ,200 — —

- 1,500 — "

- ijco — —

- 2,110 11 6

- 2,000 — —

- 2,000 — —

- 1,000 — —

1,500 — —

- 1,000 — —

- 1,500 — —

- 1,500 — —

l, JOO — —

1>5c° _ —

- i ,000 — —

- 500 — —

» 2,000 —

- 1 ,oco — —

" 1,500 — —

- , 2,000

2,000 —

2,400

3,000 — — -

i,675 — —

1,966 12 — -

- 2,090 I9

2.090 19 — -

2,090 19 — -

2,090 19 — -

2,090 19 — -

2,090 19 — -

2,090 19 — m

2,090 19 — -

- 500 — —

3,030 — — -

- 243 — —

- 532 18 —

638 16 6

96 — 6 " «w

236 Is —

469 — —

1,000

1,500 — —

I,coo — —

1,000 — —

1,200 —

2,000 , —

1,000 —

1,000

1,200

1,000 — —

l, COO

1,200 —

1,000 —

1,000 n

1,000

500 —

1,200

1,000

1,500 —

1,0.0 —

I , OoO —

1*000 — __

i«oooo —

The Timfe when issued.

21

2

4

11 July 1739

22 August

5 September 3 November

23 January

15 February

8 March

2 April 1740 2* D°

22 May

3

*2 D®

29 D®

23 August

19 Slumber

6 November

22 December

9 February; S D°

13 March

I 5 April 1 741 May July

u'

16 D"

20 August

1 September jo December

21 January

2 July l-j33

30 April 1734

22 April 1733 20 October 1735

3 7«/y 1736

23 December 1736

II Afoy 1737

28 January 1737

27 1738

3 February 1738 19 May 1739

25 October 1739 11 August 1735

4 March 1736

7 June 1740

30 September 1733

23 October 1736 19 January 1736

4 October 1738

J September 1741 4 March 1731

24 April 1732

17 1732

19 August October

22 January

2 1733

23 D®

30 D"

25 October

20 November January

7 March

9 A% 1734

26 y»/y

- 2 October 6 November

27 D*

22 Arril 1-73j 17 May IO. j^a/y

8 November

29 December

Persons to whom issued.

Thomas LovAher

D®

D®

D®

D®

D#

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D® i y D®

D®

D®

D'

D’

D°

George Middleton

D®

D®

D®

D°

D"

D®

D*

D*

D®

D"

D®

William MarJJtall Thomas May Horatio Mann Esquire James Payzant Daniel Prevereau D®

John Burnaby Parker Esq.

Nicholas Paxton

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D'

E>»

D®

D"

D®

D®

D*

D*

D®

u®

D®

D®

L>®

o®

D®

D®

D*

Sums

i 6 Geo II.

Sims issued for his Majesty’s Secret Service.

30° Jumi.

£ J. d.

5*45 2 5,810

4.800

5*99°

6,700

6, Soo

6,67s

5,000

5»9°5

a, 000

7^55

10,000

7,600

1,200

б, 222 5,160

5 450

4.800 7,100 7,700 5,400

IX,^co

VOL.

24.

Sums issued for his Majesty’s Service, or Special Service.

iC-

800

5.000

2.700 2,100 2,065

3>°

2.700

i,5°o

2.000

1.000 3,800

3>7«

28 12 * —

62 16 —

319

Sums issued to reimburse Expences.

3°° —

1,276 IO

I,8i2 —

3>oc4 — 6,000

i,476 —

d.

1,300 — —

1.500 — —

I,coo ——

1,000 -

1,000 ——

1,000 ——

1.500 — —

1.000 — —

2.000 ——

2.500 — —

1.500 — — -

1.500 — —

1.000 — —

1.500 — —

1.500 — —

1.500 — —

1.500 — —

2.000 ——

1.500 — —

1.000 ——

1.500 — —

! , J0O — —

1.000 --- —

1.500 — — 1,500 — - — 1,500 ~ —

1,500 ——

2,000 -

1,000 ——

2,000 ——

The Time when iflbed.

18 February 1735 n March

12 June 1736

17 J«!y 31

4 October 3 November

3 February 15 March

30 April 1737 12 Ju/y

24 September

6 December

1 February 23 June 1738

12 July

4 October 26 D*

19 February March

26 May 1739 11 August

26 October 11 March

30 May 1740

7 05lober

13 December

4 My 74*

id August 19 January 1741

8 Maxell 1731

15 April 1732

5 August

31 October ii February

5 May '733

16 Augvjt 28 D*

17 September

21 November

9 March 1733 12»1734

30 D®

8 January 13 February

27 D°

22 April 1735 19 Mtzy

5» ,

7 November

25 February 1731

22 March April 173*

2 A/tly 13 D°

2 7#/r

28 D1

16 August

17 b°

16 September 19 October 3*0-

23 December 19 January

5 February 2 March

7 'April 17 33 j My

23 D*

8

21 D®

28 D®

Personsto whom issued.

Nicholas Paxton D®

D®

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D°

D’

D*

D*

D*

D"

D®

D®

D*

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

William Richards D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

"John Scrope Esquire D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

Sums

Inquiry into Eari of OrT *rd’* Conduct.

Dkjitizecn

320

lo'Junii. 4 17+2-

Or ford's Conduct

Sams iflaed for his Majesty's Secret Service.

/ *. d-

7>6i° —

10,000 — —

xo.oooo — —

5*493 — — 6,399 — —

6,876-----

6,067 — —

6.000 — —

6,-50 — — 7,328 19 —

7,822 — —

10,200 — — 7,650 — —

2.000 ——

6,732 — —

6.000 — —

4,518 — —

6,621 — —

6,059 1 10

5>75° — —

5.600 — —

1.500 — —

5.300 — —

*,150 — —

3.600 — —

7.000 — —

6.000 — —

7.200 — —

6.500 — —

7.500 — — 5*165 — —

5.000 — —

6,471 17 —

7.000 — —

6.4.00 —

6.600 — —

8.000 — —

*,725 13 4

7.750 — —

5.300 —

6,450 — —

3.000 — —

5.000 — —

4,857 10 —

5,792 — —

3.850 —

1.000 — — 4,390 — _ 6,320 — — 8,250- _ _ 7,790 —

6.200 — — 8,050 —

5.000 — —

2,523 — —

3*557 10 —

4,690 17 —

2,861 — _____

12.000 — —

4,560 — _ 1,941 — —

5,244 1 a

6,950 — —

7,250 — —

4.300 ~ —

8,000 — —

j,8co — —

11 ,coo — —

6,890 — —

3.200 — . —

Sums issued for his Majesty's Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Ixpences. The Time when iff

2 August 1733

_ — 14 D*

22 D°

19 September

m 10 October

m 10 November

_ m . 12 December

m - 22 January

m - 19 D°

m - 11 February

- 9 March

- - 13 April 1734

- - 22 D°

- 2 May

- - 6 June

- - 12 July

- - 26 August

- - 13 September

- - 3 October

- - 6 November

- — m 10 December

- - 5 February

" - 27 D°

- - 26 March 1735

- - 22 April

- - 12 May

- 19 13*

- 28 June

- - 6 August

- 16 D°

- 3° D#

- 30 September

m 20 October

- m 8 November

- - 16 December

- 3 January

" - 25 February

" — - 29 March 1736

- 17 April

"* - 13 May

- 27 D°

" - 3 7»iy

" - 6 August

" - 15 September

" - 15 October

- - - 6 November

" - 4 December

~ - 17 January

1 February

" 4 March

m 9 April 1737

27 May

" - 20 June

m m 7 'My

" m 17 August

m — " 5 September

m m 30 December

26 October

m m " 3 December

" 22 D°

m 7 January

- 11 February 8 March

12 April 1738 10 May 31 D°

" 7 7«ly

"* " 10 August 30 September *3 0Bober

m m m 6 November 23 December

Persons 10 *hjm ii'm'd.

John Strope Esquire

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

ij®

D®

j y D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

D*

D®

D°

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D*

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

o®

D®

D®

Sums

i 6 Geo. II.

Pymi issued faj-hja Majesty's Secret Service, Sums i(Tiled for his ‘ Maj e(lyV^ei4ice/ or Special Service.

£ J-: d. £ s-' d.

6,000 — f V^' y . .>fi 'C"-

8,159 16N —

12,000 -T- " - 7 ‘

8,900 — -'La.. ;* - fEx’ 1

6,620 " - 0^1

3,220 Lv-+ V

7,800' - A- -M

7,200 — ' - - f:

M»4 15 - r«i:

7-795 ~ —

4,250 — — ': - , '

8,700 — — 1 K.‘,

6,600 -» — I '*

7 >*5° '

8,000 — — -

5,666 13 — - "

6,000 —

6,000 — — *- -

6,000 — — ' ' ' "

6,000 — r, c Wl '

-6,000 — -rr-: - r

8,000 — - ~ ' 1

7,250 - \ l-\ \

8,474 — — ' ' r

7>233 16 - 4 - -

7,7l8 l8 IO -

7*3°° — —

5,000 — t-i. .: ri; ./

5,000 — — —

5,000 — - -

5,000 ——

5.000 — — -

5.000 — - -

7.99+ 5 5

8,544 — —

2, OOP — —

, - 5ioooo — — ! > «, .: J

1

- 2,900 — —

r -. r 3,269.15. .7

- 4,000 - — ' —

m - 2,000 — 1 —

T-; \ . t 2,979 !*.. — ,

2,900 — —

- - j , ‘ i\m

- j ' 640

.m * -i\ 'S' 2,900 —

"* t i 3.054 — ' ";-

m — 5.286 7 3

- 2,000 — ’ —

_ a.583 16

- 2,983 . 6 t —

- 1,321 2 —

" 1 2,900 — v

1,900 —

- 1,321 6

3,600 —

1,322 6

r *.3aa 3. f

739.. 6 6.

- - 2,715 8 10

_; 1,059 " 7 —

: i>584,. 19' —

- 3,600' — -7,

1 _ v 2,3 5° — " — "

:: 2,900 — 1 ’

Vol. *4- "

4,1 6b 2,560 1,500 2,000

2,820 — —

Jnqqiry pip

.. v,-. , - Earlpf,

Persons to whom issued. Oruofd^ v

.oi/r.' i / :1/T CgndR^f

i,4oo —

.795

h5°°

11 —

27 February? \/~ 31 Match 1739

-2 May

3° D* ’ 2

23 01 f,'

- j July - —

-9 August — v ^5 September

23 October i-f

24 November* 1 r;

29 December

.. 12 January-

4 March -'28 7//r// 1740

13 May o'

5;

28 D* f *f

16 August

10 September

-13 October oc

' 7 November 025* D° -31 December ‘24 January ~ o

3 March

20 April 1741 9 May

; 6 .7«

' B 3W7 ,;

8 August

25 D° .

15 October

1 December n January 1741 23 D°

4. February

4 Afay 1732

a. 1 T733

9 January 1734

16 January 1735

21 D°

4 February

25 D°

17 April, 1736

26

11

3 September

15 October

17 December lj ’January' 17 36

30 September 1737

29 August 1738" 1

16 December

17 March

7 >739

23 D*

3 October

7 November 29 December

8 January >' ' 17 March'

3 April 1740 ' '

6 AAgr

22 D"

8 August

23 February

21 March

4 ^/>r</ 1741

21 My.

1 30 D*

21

4 January 1741'

4N

Esquire

D"

D° -D*

D*

D*

D°

D°

D*

D*

t>°

D* -D° -D’

D*

D»

D*

D"

D° -D*

D*

D* 0

D*

D*

D"

D*

D*

I>*

D*

JD* '

D*

D’

D°

D°

D°

James S/arkey Francis Smith

John Shepherd

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D* "

D*

D* '

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D"

D*

D*

D"

D*

D*

D*

D*

D

D*

D*

D"

D*

D° "

D* -

D* '

D.

D*

D* "

Sums

J42

30' Junii. 1743.

Inquiry into Earl of Orford*i Conduct.

Sums issued for his Majesty’s Secret Service. Sums issued for his Majesty’s Service, or Special Service; Sums issued to reimburse Expences. The Time when issued. Persons to whom issued*

L s* d. £- 5. d.

- 3 *3 5 — - 7 January 1741 John Shepherd

u - 3>"a I 6 . - 18 D* D#

- - 3.650 — — - - 17 February tjj8 William Sperrtn

- 2,141 2 2 - - 19 May 1739 John Smith

- - 54* l6 8 m 10 March 1740 Arthur Stert Esquire

- - 500 — — - - 1 February 1741 George Stephens Esquire

- - 4. *5® - 2 June 1732 Henry Witfon

- - - 389 10 3 7 7«fy 1733 John Wace

- 79 18 — - 23 March 1733 D*

- 53* 18 — - - 3 Jamary 1734 D*

- - - - 533 8 6 12 June 1736 D*

- - - - 638 6 — 28 April 1737 D*

- - - - 692 8. 6 21 January 1737 D°

- - - - I3I — 6 5 February 1739 D°

- - 10,000 — — - - 4 April 1734 John Williams

- - *.963 8 8 - - 7 July 1737 D°

m - 849 2 — - - 15 February 1734 JoJias Wordsworth

- - 5,000 — — - - 26 August *734 Edward Williamson

- - 5>°58 — — - - 16 Au&ujt 1735 Henry Walters

- - 2,000 — — - - 20 October 1735 Andrew Wtlfon Esquire

- - - - 500 — — 3 November 1735 George Wilkins Esquire

- - - 10,000 — — -4 7*iy 1738 Daniel White

- - - - 3*3 9 — 3 September-1741 Thomas Wilkin Gent.

- - 1,000 — — 4 January 1741 Charles Watson Gent.

Memorandum:

There is issued to the Two principal Secretaries of State, by Privy Seal, the Sum of £. 3,000 per Annum each, payable Quarterly for his Majesty’s Secret Service.

Exchequer, the 19th April, 174a.

J. Dawson.

N# 11.

An ACCOUNX of all Sums issued for secret Service, or for the immediate or specifl Service of the Crown (the Money issued for the Privy Purse excepted), or to reimburse Expences for the Service of the Crown; distinguishing the Cause assigned for issuing the fame, the Time when, and the Persons to whom, the same has been issued, from the 1st of August 1707, to the ift of August 1720; viz.

Sums issued for Secret Service. Sums issued for Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Expences. The Time when issued. Persons to whom issued.

£. j, d. J. d.

1 >339 " - - nth November 1713 Daniel Arthur Esquire

-.. 1,032 2 6 - - 16 January 1713 D*

- i>*35 *5 — - - 3 April 1714 D*

1,237 5 — - - 13 May D*

0 193 *3 " - - 16 June 1716 Mojts Berenger Esquire

- 300 — — - - 7 August D"

1,500 — — - - 6 July 1717 D*

546 6 6 - - 16 November D*

217 8 2 - - 29 January 1717 D*

500 — _ - - 13 March D*

' - 861 — — - - 13 December 1716 Samuel Buckley

6,000 — — - - 11 January 1717 Henry Bendyjh

- 127 10 — - - 22d January 1716 George Bubb Esquire

500 — — - - 19th July 1708 Henry Baker

- *5° - 23d July 1719 Jacob de la Motte B/agny

- . - 5°° — — 23 September 1707 William Barret

_ - 500 — — 6 December D*

- - 400 — — 4 February 1707 D*

m - 1,000 — — 19th May 1708 D*

, m 500 _ — 25 November D*

_ m - 500 — — 7 January 1708 D*

- 500 — — 4 May 1709 D*

m m - 500 — — 7 July D*

- 500 1 27 August D®

m n- 500 1 21 November D* Sums

1(5 Geo. II.

Sums issued for Secret Service.

30° J

s.

1,50° — — 53° 4 10

Vov 24.

4

Sums issued for Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Expences.

L s. d. £ s. d.

~ 200 — —

* m 300 — . —

m I50 —

« 350 — —

JOO ' — —

500 —

500 —

500 ~ —

" — 500 — —

" - 250 — —

." - 250 — —

300 — —

200 — —

~ 500 — —

" — 500 — —

500 — —

— SCO — —

- 500 — —

" - 7OO — —

— m 1,000 — —

- " 500 — —

; m 500 — —

- 500 — —

- .300 — —

- 500 — —

- $00 — —

- IOO — —

- 300 — —

- 600 — —

- 2,000 — - —

- 177 7 6

- 1,000 — —

- 6,000 — —

- 1,000 — —

83 5 — -

1,706 IO -

466 IO

16,300 — -

27,000 — -

44.1 8 6 -

500 — — -

i,738 4 -

500 — — -

500 -

500 — — - "

300 — " -

i,5°° " ~ " -

1,000 — —

2,000 — — -

1,000 — — -

2,000 — -

2,000 — -

l, COO — — -

2,000 — —

3,000 — — -

2,000

4,000 — — -

2,500 — — *

1,000 — —

1,000 — — -

2,000 — — -

1,500 — — —

1,500 — — "

1,000 — — " "

500 — — - /

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — — " —

1,000 — — —

323

The Time when issued.

5th April IpO

10 May 14 June 12 July

26 October

14 March 1710 2% July 1711

15 August 23d November

7 th March 1711

27 March 1712 19 April

9 May 2d July 31st October 29 th November 31st January 1712 6th May 1713

14 August

11 November

1 ft February 1713

26 D*

29 April 1714

2 2d June

1 ft September 13th D°

17 D#

2d October

11 D*

12 November

16 D°

6 December

17 February 1714

5 May 1713 16 July 1719

27 August 1715

4 1717

7 y//>r/7 1718 25 jkfty 1717

25 1719

2d July 1720 10th August 1709

16 3W 1715 2 2d

27th D°

22d QEtober 10th November 1st December 24th D*

18 February 9 March

1 ith May 1716

7

6 >/y 25 August 24 September

19 November

7 January H February

4 May 1717

15

13

8 August

17 December

31st 1718

17th Afay 10th

9

21st D*

24 September it December 3 January

Perfom 16 whom issued.

inquiry int* Earl of Orford'j Conduct.

William Barrel D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D’

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D’

D*

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

D*

D"

Colonel Ralph Congreve

William Cadugan Esq.

William Lord Cadogan D*

James Craggs

George Clifford Esquire

D"

Charles Callmell Anthony Cratchrode Esq.

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D’

D*

D*

D*

D’

D’

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D' Sums

Inquiry into Earl of Orford’s Conduit

324

3 6° Ju

A. 17412.

Sums issued for Secret Service. Sums issued for Service, or Special Service. Sums issued to reimburse Expences.

£ So do C /. d- £. d.

- 2,000 — — 1

- 1,000 — — -

- - 2,000 —

- 800 — "

- - 500 — —

" - 500 — —

- - 1,000 — — ’

- - 1,300 — . —

- - - 1,237 10

- - 1,038 — — -

- - 1,038 — — -

- - 389 18 3

- - 1,038 — —

- - 2,064 5 — - "

- . 34 — —

- - 100

- - - ICO — —

- - - 200 — —

- - - IOO — ’ —

- - - " ’ ‘iOO — —

- - 50 — —

- - - IOO —

- - , - - 100 — —

- IOO — —

- - - 1200 — —

" - 3,600 — —

" - 1,320 — \ i

" - 500 — —

- 352 ll. —

- - 263 14 6 ,

5°o — - -

1,000 — — -

1,500 — — - 1

1,000 — _ - * - m

2,000 — . _ > - ' i.

1,657 16 If - -

2,l6r 12 IOf -

1,000 — . — - v — m

500 ——

1,000 — — - - -

1,000 — — -

1,000 — . — . - m

1,000 - ’

1,000 — — -

500 f - -m -

500 — — 1 - v _ —

500 — — -

1,500 — — ' ' - A.. - ! 1

500 — — -

500 — — v \

500 — —

1,000 — _ s! " *. f -:

1,000 — — -

1,000 — — . - __ ' ' — -

1,000 — — -

2.000 1

7

12

838 161 750 —

1.000 —

1.000 —

500 —

1,500 — 1500 _ 2,000 — . 1,000 — 500 —

500 —

1.000 --

700 —

2.000 ---

2,000 —

li

10i

1;

4'-.

The Time when issued.

9 March 1718 25 June 1719^ to October ' 29 February 2lft May 1720 ' 2 T D° r 4th June ii December 1711

24 April 1712

Afoy

*2j) August (‘ 30 October

4 February 1713

13 Msy 1714 28 March 1716 2;ift March 1709 ro May 17 so

i'9 M ro September j‘ January 17 to '4 September 1711 19 March 31 January 1712 77 October 1713 £1 November 1714 7 January 1715 15 December 1710 19th 7^ 1716 11 y^>r/7 1717

11 1718 2d Augitft 1707 3d September

26th D®

21 ft October 19th November:

25 D®

27 D®

27 th March 1708

15 April

4 May

12 D®

19 /##£

6 JWy

21 August 3d September

’9th D* ‘ r

16 D®

7 October

14 D°

’27 D®

30 D® '

11 December 27 D®

10 February r 22d D® c

1 ft April 1769 c<' 13th D® - 1 10 May 19 D®

30 June

13 th

3d August 12th D®

3d September 1 ft October 6th D®

12th November 3d December 29th D°

22 March

5 April 1710 3d May

P^rfons to whom issued.

Anthony Gratch Esq.

D*

D*

D*

D*

P°

John Dnmmond Efnuire

Q*

Mathew Decker Esquire

D*

P*

D*

George Dumereqm

Charles HarrijonGent.

P*

D*

if)* -

D*

D*

D*

D*

Sir Jof’ph Hodges Bart. Qliarles Jo/mfon

William Leathes Esquire

D*

Villiam Lowndes Esq.

P*

D"

D°

D*

D*

D*

D*

D* '

D* -D*

D*

D*

D*

b* -

D°

P° -

D*

D*

D*

D*

to*

D*

D*

D* -

D*

D*

D.

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D*

D* -D*

D*

D* -

D*

D* -

D*

-'.V

Sums

cP

o

O

"D

CD

N

"d

b

32 6

30° Ju

Inquiry into

Earl of Sums issued for

Or ford’s Conduit*

Secret Service.

£ s-

1,000 — —

1,000 - — —

2.500 — —

1,200 — —

3.500 — —

1.500 — — -3,000 — —

5OO — —

1.000 — —

4,287 — ' -

10.000 — —

1.000 — —

5.000 —

10.000 — —

5.00 0 — —

2.500 — —

3.500 — —

2.500 — —

5.000 — —

2.000 ——

800 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

3.000 — —

2.000 — —

1,000 -

2,200 — —

1,000 ——

q,oooo ——

2.500 — —

2,000 ~ —

7,!50 — —

2,067 — —

800 — — 833 16 4

1.000 - - —

1.600 — —

1,520 — — 1,850 —

2,900 — —

500 — —

1,200 —

10,600 — — 3,270 — —

j>co — —

4.600 — —

3,875 — —

7.600 — —

2, COO ——

2.500 — —

5.000 — —

6,55° —

4>6jo — —

1,525 _

500 — — 28,250 — —

Sums issued for Service, or

Spfecial Service.

: I

1

1 i -

of r; I

1

.322 6 —

*24 18

3 -3.8, 4 —

3 —

5691 H 6

412, 5 —

187;15 6

744 3 6 761 4 6 *73 17 10

764-----

416 13 —

1.000 _____

1.000 -

J,6cy 10 —

The Time when lifted.

19 December 17.13 29 D»

13 January 29 D°

11 March 23d D°

8th May 1714 13 July 17 D°

24 D"

20 August

17 December 1715

10 March

6 June 1716 19 November

7 December -

11 January

8 February -6 April 1717

11 May:

24. D°

1 ft June

13 7ub 1717 , 22d D°

6 August 5. October

23d November -9th January 1717 ia.D°

8 February -1 q Martfi 18.D0 1

27 D° 1718 -3 ift D°.

7th April

17 D® z\&Jurip 23d JuPjf i2ih August 16 D°

29 D°

15 September -3d November 18th D°

29 D°

10 January 1718

7 February -3d April 1719

6 Augiiji

12 D°

12 December 22d February.

12th March -

21 ft April 1720 14th June

1 July 2# April 1709 *1 September

3d June 1710 24 January

28 September 4711 3d January 4711

2.7 th February 1-8 March

28 D° 1713

7 November-5 February

29 >/y 1714 7 December

9/?"'ns

23d

./£ 1742.

Performs to whom issued.

William. Lowndes Esquire

D®

D®

D®

D®

D’

D"

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D*

D*

D"

D®

D*

D"

D*

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D"

D®

D® -D®

D®

D®

D®

D® - - ' o,

D® - ,

D®,

d*:

D®

D®

D® —

D* — — 1

D® —

D®

D* —

D®

D®

D° -- - . D* -: -

D°

D® -

D® (

D® -

d® _ r.

D® - f

D® .

Thonm Lowther,

D® .

D*

D?

D°

D® —

D®

d® -

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

Sums

i 6 Geo. II.

10° Junit.

327

Sums issue*d for - Secret Service. Suins issued for Service, or Special Service Sums issued to reimbtirfe Expences, The Time when issued. Persons to whom issued.

' £ s. d. £ s. d. £ d. 1,000 — — 12th July 171 j Thomas L-ozvther

* 500 17th September D°

" 500 7 November D*

— *. 500 — — 19 December D*

- 500 — 18 January 171 j D*

*" 500 — — IO March D"

" * * 500 14 May 1716 D*

- 5°° 28 June D*

" 1,000 ad August D*

" " 156 19 — 8th September D»

" " 500 5 \ ft December D*

500 18th February D*

i- 1,000 6 April 1717 D*

" 500 27 May D°

— . - " 500 — 13 July D*

* JOO — — 3d Augit/i D»

/ ~ ~ JOO — — 25 September D*

w - 500 — — 23d November D*

" - - 1,000 — — 17th December D»

* - - 1,000 — 31st January D°

- - I 1 0 0 vr» 8 March D*

- - 1,000 20 D# D»

- - 3,000 26 D° 1718 D'

- - 1,000 16 May D*

~ - - 5° 0 15 August D*

- - - JOO — ~ 20 November D*

- - - 500 13 December D*

*- - 500 — — 5 January D*

- - JOO 30 April 1719 D*

- - 500 14 July D°

- I, JOO — — 20 August D*

- - 300 — — 7 November D*

- - 1,000 — — 7 January D*

- - - coo — 16 D° D*

- - - JOO — — 4 February D'

- - - 1,000 — — 29 D° D*

- - - 1,000 — 23 March D*

- - - 2,500 — — D° D’

- - - JOO — — 16 April 1720 D'

- - JCO 14 June D*

- - 1,500 - 5 >‘y D*

- - - 1,000 — ~ 26 D° D«

500 — — - - 16 December 1714 James Duke of Montrose

3ll IO — - - . 16 May 171 j D°

'-j CO 1 1 - 2 July 1708 Sir David AV//V«f Knight

_ 322 12 October 1709 D*

p 2,408 19 February 1714 Matthew Prior Esquire

► 519 16 6 - 17 January 1716 William Robinson Esquire John Robinson Esquire

- 260 - 15 November 1710

- 1,038 15 — - 1 October 171 5 John Earl of

- i-3S3 1 " - 23 July 1716 \y

_ - 1,465 5 4 - - 3 December D*

- 979 17 8 - 2J February D*

- 5,000 - 4 May 1717 D"

- «- 1.369 Jo 3 - 27 D° D*

_ 703 - o. .12 QRober D°

_ IjO^O — , - 9 December D*

_ 1,910 2 1 ft May 1718 D*

1,337 _ 16 Align ft D'

» _ 1,067 - 4 March D*

901 1 - 9 May 1719 D*

21116 6 . 26 January 1716 Augustus Sampson

20 0 — — - 4 May 1717 John Scot

2,564 — — 19th June 1718 Sir Robert Sutton

j ICO — — 13 December 1718 Alexander Steven/oit

JOO — I, ICO — % _ 2 9 December 1719 Temple Stanyan Esquire

12 November 1718 Francis LouisdeS t.Sapborn

875 — - 23d July 1719 D°

l - 8oo 2,364 4 — - 14 December 1719 y 1718 D° Christopher Tilfon

2,518 9 — _ 28 ^7 D*

- - y z 2,441 11 6 m - 1 >/y 1719 D*

Inquiry into Earl of Orford’t Conduct.;

Sums

niniti7pd-

£oogl(

VOL. 24.

Inquiry into Kart of Oi lord's Conduct.

228 30 0 yunit.A. 1743.

___ ——

Sums issued for Secret Service. Sums issued for Service, or Special Service. Sumsiffued to reiinburfe Expences. The Time when iflbed. Persons to whom issued.

£ ' d. I July 1720

2,441 11 6 . - Christopher Tilfon

500 - 27 August 1715 Leonard Welfted Gent.

200 - 6 April 1716 Horatio Walpole

« - 300 — — - 31st May D°

65 11 4 - 25 May 1717 D°

11,900 18th January 1717 To Henry Kelfally to buy £. 10,000 South Sea Stock to be transferred to his Majesty.

12,000 — — !? 10 May 1718 To D*, to reward good Services to his Majesty performed.

Exchequer, the 5th May 1742.

John Dawson.

N* 12;

The Names of the Persons for which Orders were made out at the Exchequer for large Sums of Money, from the xoih February 1731, to the 10th February 1741; which being read over to Christopher Tilfon> Henry Fane* Eiqu.r^s, and John Sheph erdy were to them unknown.

Richard Allen, v

Robert Adams,

Thomas Barton,

William Cation,

Henry Carietony George Denton,

John Egertofty Francis Edwards,

William Frazier,

Andrew For fiery William Farmer,

William Framingham John Hally Jof Hardefly y Richard Harrifonf Robert Jackson,

William Johnfou,

William Jefferson,

William Jackson,

Thomas May,

James Startkey,

Francis Smithy William Sperrin,

John Smith,

Henry Wilfou,

Williams,

John Williams, Edward Williamsonf Henry Walters,

Andrew Wilfou,

Daniel White,

Charles Watfotu

o

cg

t — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

rT

N* 13.

r Money paid by Mr. Lowther, of the Treasury, to the following Persons, for printing, publishing, and writing of Newspapers, csfr. by them delivered at the General Pod-Office in n> London, between the 1 oth of February 1731 and icth of February 1741; viz*

William Arnal, for Free-Britons, and writing.

1^32, 13 ^/>r/7 538 6 8

13 >/y 730-----

12 October 584 — —

11 January 730 — —

2,602 6 8

4

1733* 12 785

12 >/y 835

11 Otto her 860

10 January 935

3>435 -

1734, 11 ^r// 955

11 July 95 s 5 September 250 11 October 850 11 February 950

*735j 17 May 600 23 February 400

1,000-----

Oa

John Walt ho, for printing and publishing Daily Courants*

£. s. d. 1731, z\February 243 15 — 22 Afoy 243 13 — 22 August 257 to — 21 November 276 5 —

20 February 276 5 —

1,297 10

19 May 283 6 8

19 yw/tf 108 18 —

21 August jco — —

£2 November 395 16 8

22 February 614 10 8

1,702 12 —

.21 May 647' to —

22 August 693 6 8

2! November 7 \ q — — 22 February 738 6 8

JM/i Walt ho, for printing and publishing CW Cutters Journals.

23 December 163 6 8

2,7S9

3 4

*8 June 990 — — . 30 September 846 13 4

30 December *868 6 8

2,7^5

25 March 25 jW 24 September 24 December

213 6 8

222 1 8

247 r 8 238 6 8

920 16 8

23 March 238 6 8

Gazetteers begun between June and September 1733.

William Wilkins, for London - Journals, and writing.

4% 276 13 4

5 November 284 3 4

560 16 8

9 March 258 6 8

26 Afay 289 11 8

8 December 360 16 8

908 13 —

30 June 1,486 3

John Feel, for Money expended on his Majesty’s Service.

£ s. d.

23 May 300 — — 2i November 733 6 8

1,033 6 S

Annual Totals.

2 3>/y

633 6 8

6 September 1750. — — —

£ d,

4.4^0 13

7.243 — 4

8^03 6 8-

7,179 11 8

pew?

O *4 of

iio'-'S.

&=:2.5

'O

16 Geo. II. 30

Q9

wi

5 5T jQ SO — c c S.O

CX "*"<

if- X-

O

o

eg

FT

Totals - - 10,997 6 8

J I- s. 1736,30 March 881 5 — 29 June 894 2 6 30 September 916 13 4 30 December 909 3 4 r. */. *’ 1 1 1 1 1 si 1

3,601 4 2

1737>3°J,me *>82° - - 3 January 250

1738, 6 Afay 1,000 — 13 July 1,000 — — 27 October 1,600 — — 2 9 September 1,008 6 8 25 December 894 3 4 -

I 0 H O

1739,25 March 942 10 — 24 June 942 10 — 25 December 925 28 February 1,039 3 4 / - - - 5 November 521 5 —

3.849 3 4

1740, 25 March 973 Midsummer 975 — — Michaelmas 1,025 — — Christmas 970 ..... 4» _ _

3,945 —

1741, Lady-day 981 13 4 - ..

-----£ 28,193 16 2 -----£ 1,32^ 10 - £-2,955 16 8 -----£ 4.187 18 4

1732, 28 April. Paid to Mr. George Hentkins, for 1,100 Persuasives to Impartiality and Candour, in judging of the present Administration.

1734, 6 April. Paid Monsieur Le Grelle, for a Pamphlet, in Vindication of the Mini dry, delivered at the Post-office by Joseph Crichley

1735, 28 Aitgujt. Paid Samuel Buckley, for Disbursements on his Majesty’s Service - - - - £. 980 14 —

1739, 23 August. Paid to D° for printing and delivering several Pamphlets for his Majesty’s Service - - - - - - 786 17 6

£ 17 40, 17 July.Paid D° for printing several Things for the Use of the Public 460 8 8 V

£. s. d. WO w

3,601 4 2 0

2,070-----

5,502 10 —

4.37° 8 4

3.945-----

981 13 4

47.657 7 10

42 to —

50 — "

£ 50,077 18 —

U)

O

m

k

2,228-----

-----<1

K>

16 Geo. II

30° Junii.

331

N° 14.

Francis Gajhry Esquire, a Member of the House of Commons, being examined in the most solemn manner, this Third Day of June 1742, in relation to an Order for

r,500, which Mr, Shepherd, in his Examination, mentioned to have been carried to Sir Charles Wager, when Mr. Gajhry was present; and it being in particular asked this Examinant, if Sir Charles Wager did not say to this Examinant, what shall we do in this Affair? and ifSir Charles did not inquire of Mr. Shepherd, whether the Fees were to be paid; or if Sir Charles Wager did not desire Mr. Shepherd to receive the Money ? the Examinant said, That he does not recollect any of these Circumstances ;nor can he remember that he was present when any such Order was brought to Sir Charles Wager: That Sir Charles Wager did say to the Examinant, that he was in Expectation of getting some Money for Mr. Lever the High Bailiff of Westminster, to assist him; Mr. Lever then being in great Distress; for he, being a Brewer, had loft his Customers, and was forced to keep at home to avoid his Creditors: That when the Examinant returned one Day from the Navy Board, Sir Charles Wager told him, that, in his Absence, £. 1,500. had been brought him by One of the Treasury; and Sir Charles desired this Examinant to take the Money, and pay it to Mr. Lever: That the

Examinant received the £. 1,500. from Sir Charles Wager inquiry into the Second of January last: That Mr. Lever, some time Earl of before this, though the Examinant believes it could not Ojford’i be a Fortnight, applied to Sir Charles Wager, and men- Con ud*‘ tioned the Dillrels he was in for Money to pay his Maltster: That Sir Charles had been told, the King would give him (Lever) some Money; and thereon, Sir Charles lent him £. 500. for which the Examinant thought it proper to take a Bond: That, on the Third of January last, Mr. Lever had of this Examinant £. i,coo. that is,

£.500. in ready Money; and £.500. to payoff the afore-mentioned Bond: That, on the Sixth of January,

Mr. Goojlree brought to the Examinant a Bill of Costs, on an Information against Mr. Lever, relating, as

this Examinant imagines, to the Election at Westminster, which amounted to £. 124. 14. and this Bill the Examinant paid on Mr. Levers Account: That, on the Ninth of February, the Examinant paid a Bill of £. 107. 12. 6. for Fees and Expences during Mr. Lever's being in Cul-tody with the Serjeant at Arms; and that,' on the 27th of February, the Examinant paid to Mr. Lever £. 267. 19. which he conceived to be the Balance remaining in his Hands of the £. 1,500. and for which he has Mr. Lever's Receipt, but by what Accident the last mentioned Sum exceeded the real Balance by a few Shillings, the Examinant cannot recolieCh Fs Gajhry.

N* 15.

An ACCOUNT of all Warrants from the Crown, directing the Payment of any Money to the Secretary of the Post-Office, without Account, from the iotli February 1710, to the nth February 1741.

1719, September 19th. King’s Warrant - -- - — 75c!

1721, May 6th. Additional Warrant for - -- 75° *>S°°

1722, April 30th. Additional D" - -- - 1,000 2,500

September 28th. Ditto - - - - " - 200 2,700

1723, August 17th. Ditto - -- - 900 3,600

1725, August 19th. Ditto - -- - 300 3,900

1727, October 31st. King George the 2d. Warrant to confirm the former - — 3>9°°

illy, September 17th. Addition - -- - - -- -- 100 4,000

1733, November 15th. Ditto - -- - - - 300 4>3co

1734, May 6th. Ditto - -- - 200 4-500

2735, July 8th. Ditto - -- - - -- -- - 200 4,700

Geo. Stone, Receiver-General.

N* 16.

John David Barbutt Esquire, Secretary to the Post-Office, being examined in the most solemn manner, this 28th Day of May 1742, and being asked as to the Dif-position of the Money paid into his Hands, without Account, by a Warrant from the Crown, said. That there is in the Post-House a private Office, for the inspecting foreign Correspondents, and that the greatest Part of that Money is for the defraying the Expence of this Office: That the Accountant-General and Receiver-General, who have inspected the Books, have told him, that the first Traces they find of any Money thus paid by Warrant, was in the Year 1718 c That this Examinant cannot say as to the first Establishment of this Office, having been but Three Years and a Half himself in the Post-Office; but he apprehends there was always an Office of this kind, and that it was defrayed formerly by the Secretaries of State: That he is a Stranger to the Business of the Office, having never been in it; for they pretend to be independent, and to receive their Instructions from the Secretaries of State, and carry their Intelligence to the Secretaries of State, though the Post-Masters have a Right to go into the Office: That the annual Expences of this Office are as follows: To the Chief Decypherer, Mr. Willes, for himself and his Son, £. 1,000: To the Second Decypherer,

Mr. Corbiere, £. Sco: To the Third Decypherer, Mr. Lampe, £. 500: To the Fourth Decypherer, Mr. Zollman, £. 200: To the Chief Clerk, Mr. Le Fevre, £.650: To the Four other Clerks, Messieurs Bode, Thouvcis, Clark, Hemmitt, £. 300 each: To the Comptroller of the foreign Office, Mr. Day, £.60: To the Door-keeper 40 or £. 50. but this Examinant believes £. 50. There are, be-lides, accidental Charges for Seals, &V. an Account of which is brought in by One of the Clerks, which may amount to £. 100. and to Mr. Lavalade, formerly Alphabet-keeper, but now superannuated, £.40. That when these Sums were discharged, the Overplus, which may amount to£: 90. is divided between the Two Post-masters and the Secretary;each Post-master takingThreeSevenths, and the Secretary One Seventh: That Mr. Le Fevre, besides his above-mentioned Salary, is paid something out of Incidents; so that his whole Salary may amount to about, as he believes, £.800. per Annum: That his (Le Fevre's) is a very troublesome Post; it being necessary he should be always present at the going out, and the coming in, of the Mails: That this Examinant docs not know of a Pension of £. 200. per Annum, paid out of this Money; but Mr. Clark, who has formerly attended, and is inca* pacifated at present, has £. 200. paid him out of his Salary of £. 300. and another attends for him.

J. D. Barbutt.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed: Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Vox,. 24.

J. 1741.

332

1* — 6" — 70 Juki.

Plantation

Trade.

Punishing Persons destroying Turnpikes, *c.

Counterfeit* ing Coin.

Stealing of Sheep! &c.

Ditto.

London

Writ.

Adjournment.

Jovis, l° die Julii;

Anno 160 Georgii II'11 Regis, 1742.

Praters.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mn Bennrt and Mr'Ride:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade; and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing collusive Captures there; and for obliging the Claimers of Vessels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive several Acts for the Puni foment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice; to Frauds in the Customs; to the clandestine Running of Goods; and to Copper Ore, of the British Plantations; and for extending the Liberty given by the Ad: of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar, of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America, in Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the Cutting of Star or Bent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the Uttering or Paying of false or counterfeit Coin, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of London, in the Room of Sir Robert Godjcliall Knight pdeceased.

A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed, That this House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morning;

The following Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow," and inserting the Word " Tuesday'9 instead thereof, and by inserting, after the Word " Morning," the Word " next."

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tomorrow" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rThe Lord Mayor of Low-Tellers for the Yeas,< don, V 6

I Mr. Cornewall: f Lord Dupplin,

Tellers for the Noes,' Mr. Campbell of Rem- ^109, V. brokeshire. )

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° dieJulii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

AN ingrorted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stealing0f to explain an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of Sheep, &c. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Steal-1-ing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrorted Bill to explairt and amend the Laws Election touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Laws-Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality^ and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Pr. 12. L. 34. After " Estate," to insert " of Forty " Shillings a Year."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

Thar the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

£Mr. T. Gore:

Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr. Coke,

93-

}Mr. Fox.\ 92-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections'of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returhing-Offi-cers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords', and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, byMr.!£&& artd Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Efcipeof the more effectual preventing Persons from afliftingPri- Fdfoners, foners to escape from their Confinement: To which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bili be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1

Mercuriiy J* d

Anno 16® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742. .! Prayers.

AN ingrorted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Persons from alLfting Prisoners to escape from their‘Confinement, was read a Second Time.

Ordered,

Ditto.

Stealing of Sheep, &c.

Encouraging the i inen Manufactures.

Cambridge

University

Writ.

York Writ-

16 Geo. II. f — 13^ — 14

Ordered, That the Order of the Day be now read* And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

r. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee* Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Gore accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments, which they had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 32. After u Bullock,’* insert " Calf," and leave out " or."

33. After " Heifer," insert " or Lamb."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The said Bill was read the third Time.

The Amendments following were severally pfoposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 32. To Leave out the Word " Calf."

33. To leave out the Word " or," and by inserting before the Word " Lamb," the Words, " Calf "and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, Thai the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock*

Martis, 130 Julii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

r\ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a* Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the Room of the Honourable Edward Finch Esquire; who since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of the Bedchamber to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, in the Room of Edward Thmpfon Esquire, deceased Vol. 24.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Gram pound the Clerk of the Crown, to make ont a new Writ, for, Writ; the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, in the Hoorn of Daniel Boone Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary-General of the Musters*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr;

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sail-Cloth to continue several Laws for the Encouragement of the Manu*fturesv making of Sail-Cloth in Great Britain, and of the Silk C’ Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for allowing on the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and to explain a Clause of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, and other things therein mentioned; and to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Ditto, said Amendment, which was an Amendment to the Title of the said Bill: And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz

After " allowing," insert " a Drawback."

The laid Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by stealing of this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain an Seeep, &c. Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Stealing and Destroying of Sheep and other Cattle.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cocker-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for mouth Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the Room of the Honourable William Finch Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Chamberlain to his Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Devizes the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the Room of Francis Eyles Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Superintendant of his Majesty’s Founderies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Julii;

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742. Prayers.

JfVrit, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this pre-4 Q sent

Diniti7Rd,

Edinburgh

Writ.

Christ

ChurchWrit.

534

sent Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the Room of Nathaniel Qundry Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law.

Ripi>on Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Rippon, in the County of York, in the Room of the Honourable Hemy Fane Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General, and Pay-master-General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the Room of Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet; who, since his. Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of his Majesty’s Board of Works.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christ-Church, in the County of Southampton, in the Room of Edward Hooper Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of divers annual Bounties and Pensions,

Middlefe* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the Room of the Right Honourable William Pulteney Esquire, now Earl of Bath, called up to the House of Peers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,150 die Julii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr, Hay do carry to the Lords the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-Cloth in Great Britain, and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for allowing on the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and to explain a Clause of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, and other Things therein mentioned; and to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room of the Honourable Henry Legge Esquire; who, since hisEledion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Woods, on the North and South Side of the River Trent.

14*- — 150

A. 1742.

Sul Cloth Manufactures See. '

Orford

Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-U(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain> and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, an<|Uhe Uttering or Paying of false or coqnterfeit Coin:

An Act to impower the Importers, or Proprietors, of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses, at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt loft by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane.

An Act for the more effectual preventing any Cloth or Woollen Goods remaining upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Woollen Yarn or Wool left out to dry, from being stolen or taken away in the Night-time.

An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade; and for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, and for preventing collusive Captures there; and for obliging the Claimers of Vessels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Costs; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed:

An Act to revive several Acts for the Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament, and for other Pur* pofestherein mentioned; and to continue several Acts relating to Rice; to Frauds in the Customs; to the clan-destineRunning of Goods; and to Copper Ore, of the British Plantations; and for extending’the Liberty given by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for carrying Sugar, of the Growth of the British Sugar Colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for the more effectual preventing the Cutting of Star or Bent:

An Act to continue several Laws for the Encouragement of the making of Sail-Cloth in Great Britain, and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; and to explain a Clause of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, and other Things therein mentioned; and to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act to explain an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of Sheep, and other Cattle:

An Act for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous Quantities of Gunpowder, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster:

An Act to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics:

An Act for the better enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; and, for enlarging the Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for Sale of the Estates late of James Walfing-ham Esquire, deceased, lying in the Counties of Surrey, Essex, Norjolk, and Cambridge, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of Edward Bayn-tun Rolt Esquire, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame, and of Portions for his younger Brothers and Sifter, charged thereon by the Settkment of their

Uncle

16 Geo. II. 15 0 Julii. — 16° S — 190 335

Uncle John Bayntun Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Aft4o enable John Probyn Esquire, lately called John Hopkins, and his Descendants, to take and use the Surname of Probyn, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edmund Probyn Knight, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Holften.

The King’s After which his Majesty was pleased to make a most Speech, gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz. "

My Lords and Gentlemen,

This Session of Parliament has been drawn out into so unusual a Length, and the Season of the Year is so far advanced, that, 1 am persuaded, you are all very desirous of a Recess.

I acquainted you, at the Beginning of the Session, with my Endeavours to bring about an Accommodation between those Princes whose Union was most necessary in this critical Conjuncture: The Treaty lately concluded between the Queen of Hungaty and the King of Prussia, under my Mediation, and so highly to the Honour of Great Britain, mud undoubtedly produce the bed Consequences to the common Cause.

The Successes which have attended the Austrian Arms in Germany, the Conjunction of the King of Sardinia’s Forces with those of the Queen of Hungary, in Italy, the present favourable Disposition of the States-General, and of other great Powers, are, under God, chiefly owing to the generous Aflidance afforded by this Nation to its antient and natural Allies.

These happy Events cannot fail to give Encouragement to our Friends, and to establish the Reputation of our Strength and our jud Influence Abroad.

If, for the further Support and Defence of the Queen of Hungary, and to redore and secure the Balance of Power, so particularly recommended to me by my Parliament, it should become necessary for me to contract new Engagements, or to enter into further Measures, I rely upon your Zeal and Perseverance in so jud a Cause, to enable me to make them good.

In the midd of these extensive TransaClions, I have been, and shall continue to be, attentive to the Prosecution of the War against Spain, with the utmod Vigour; which is of the greated Importance to the Trade and Navigation of my Subjects, the Encouragement and Protection whereof, shall be one of my principal Cares.

Gentlemen of the House of Common^,

The Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, with which you have given such large Supplies, for the Service of the current Year, demand my particular Thanks, and are fresh Proofs of your Duty to me, and of your Concern for the true Intered of your Country: The Success with which these Supplies have been raised, mud convince all the World of the edablithed Credit of this Nation.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have the juded Confidence in the Affections of my People; which I shall not fail to cultivate, by a condant Care of their Rights and Liberties, and by promoting their Prosperity and Happiness: Let it be your Endeavour, in your respective Countries, to make these my

good Intentions rightly underdood, to calm and heal all Animosities and Divisions, to support my Authority and Government, and to preserve the Peace and good Order of the Kingdom.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Parliament Command, said, prorogued.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Sixteenth Day of September next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Sixteenth Day of September next.

Jovis, 16° die Septembris;

Anno 160 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

THE House being met, according to the lad Proro- rarliament gation: further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wil~ prorogued. liam Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman-Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his MajestyV Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until TueJ-day the 19th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 19th Day of October next.

Martis, 190 die OElobris;

Anno 16° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

THE House being met, according to the lad Pro- Parliament

r°gation: l

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir WiU p liam Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majestys Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 16th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 16th Day of November next.

Vox,. 24.

niniti7pH

Message to attend the King.

Members t«ke Oaths,

Escape of Prisoners.

The^ King's’ Speech reported.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE /COMMONS.

SelT. 1742 — 3.

Spain in Italy (to which the Operations of my Fleet in Mavtisy 16° die JVoVetnbrts; the Mediterranean have so visibly contributed,) the

Change of Affairs in the North, which has appeared by Anno 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. the public Requisition, made by Sweden, of my good Of-

fices for procuring a Peace between RuJJta and that Crown;

AM ESS A G E from his Majesty, by Sir Charles and the defensive Alliances agreed upon, not only between Dalton, Gentleman-Uftier of the Black Rod: me and the Cxarina, but also between meand the King of

Mr. Speaker, . PruJJta, are Events, which could not have been expeCled,

The King commands this Honourable House to at- ii Great Britain had not shewn a feasonable Spirit and tend his Majesty, immediately, in the House, of Peers. Vigour in the Defence and Assistance of its antient Allies, Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up and in the Maintenance of the Liberties of Europe, as to attend his Majesty; well as of its own true and lading Interest.

And, being returned, several Members (returned upon Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

new Writs) took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the I have ordered the proper Estimatcs for t\\6 Service of Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Ab- the ensuing Year to be prepared, and laid before you, juration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes. and also an Account of the Expence of those particular

Services, which I have already mentioned, and which you A Bill for the further Punishment of Persons who will find to have been concerted in as frugal a manner as shall assist or encourage Prisoners to escape, was read the the Nature of them would admit. I am persuaded that First time, you will readily grant me such Supplies as shall be found

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. necessary for the Security and Welfare of the Nation,

requisite for the Support of the common Cause, and ade- Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended quate to the present Emergency, his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was My Lords and Gentlemen,

pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, The Importance of your Deliberations, at this time,

to both Houses of Parliament^; of which, Mr. Speaker is so evident, that I will say nothing to enforce it 2 The said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Honour and Interest of my Crown and Kingdoms; the

Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz. Success of the War wherein I am engaged against Spain;

and the Re-establishment of the Balance and Tranquillity My Lords and Gentlemen, of Europe will greatly depend on the Prudence and Vi-

The present important Conjuncture of Affairs will, gour of your Resolutions: Let it be your Care to avoid l am persuaded, be thought a sufficient Reason for call- every thing that may either delay or weaken them; and iftgyou thus early together. to convince the World, that you are determined to make

I have, in pursuance of the repeated Advice of my aright Use of the present Opportunity.

Parliament, taken such a Part as appeared to me most

conducive to the Support of the House of Austria, and A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Ad(|refson to the Restoring and Securing of the Balance of Power: That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to the King’s

In this View, 1 ordered a considerable Body of Troops return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most Speech, to be sent from hence into Flanders; and, at the Close of gracious Speech from the Throne; to express our great the last Session, I foresaw and pointed out to you, that Satisfaction at the constant Attention his Majesty has it might be incumbent upon me to enter into further been graciously pleased to give to the Advice of his Par-Measures for the same great and desirable Ends. The liament; and to assure his Majesty, that, as we think the Augmentation of our Strength in the Low Countries be- Support of the House of Austria, and the restoring and came a necessary Step; for which Purpose I sent, in con- securing the Balance of Power in Europe, are inseparable cert with my Allies, Sixteen Thousand of my Electoral from the true Interest of these Kingdoms, we have a Troops thither, with the Hejffians in the British Pay, in grateful Sense of the early Care his Majesty took in form-order to form such a Force, in conjunction with the ing such a Force in the Low Countries, as might be of Aufirian Troops, as might be of Service to the common Service to those great and desirable Ends; which, we arc Cause in all Events; and 1 doubt not but I shall have satisfied, could not, at that time, have been to readily and your Assistance in the Support of these necessary Meafu res. effectually done, as by his Majesty’s fending a Body of his The Magnanimity and Firmnefsof the Queen of Hun- EleCloral Troops, together with the Hejfians, to join the garj, notwithstanding so many numerous Armies sent British and Austrian Forces in those Parts; and that this against her, the resolute Conduct of the King of Sardi- House will chearfully and effectually support his Majesty nia, and hisftrict Adherence to his Engagements, though in all such necessary Measures; to congratulate his Ma-attacked in his own Dominions, the Stop which has been jesty on the happy Turn of Affairs in the North; and to hitherto put to the ambitious Designs of the Court of declare, that we are fully convinced that it is owing to 14 the

16 Geo. II.

16° — 170 Novmbris.

the Spirit and Vigour, which his Majesty has shewn in the Defence of his Allies, that the King of Sardinia has been enabled to act aPart so useful to the comnion Cause, and that the Queen of Hungary has been encouraged to bear up amidst extreme Difficulties, and notwithstanding the numerous Armies sent against her; to assure his Majestyi that this House will grant to his Majesty such Supplies, as shall be found necessary, for perfecting the great Work in which he is engaged for prosecuting with Vigour the just and necessary War with Spain, and for maintaining the Honour and Security of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms; and that, in all our new Deliberations, we will endeavour to make manifest to the World, that we have nothing so much at Heart, as the Honour of his Majesty, the Support of his Government, and the true Interest of his Crown and Kingdoms.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words " and that this " House will chearfully and effectually support his Majesty in all such necessary Measures.*\»

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to express our great Satisfaction at the constant Attention his Majesty has been gracioufty pleated to give to the Advice of his Parliament; and to assure his Majesty, that, as we think the Support of the House of Anftria, and the restoring and securing the Balance of Power in Europe, are inseparable from the true Interest of these Kingdoms, we have a grateful Sense of the early Care his Majesty took in forming such a Force in the Low Countries as might be of Service to those great and desirable Ends; which, we are satisfied, could not, at that time, have been so readily and effectually done, as by his Majesty *s fending a Body of his Electoral Troops, together with the Hejftans, to join the British and Austrian Forces in those Parts; and that this House will chearfully and effectually support his Majesty in all such necessary Measures; to congratulate his Majesty on the happy Turn of Affairs in the North; and to declare, that we are fully convinced that it is owing to the Spirit and Vigour which his Majesty has shewn in the Defence of his Allies, that the King of Sardinia has been enabled to act a Part lo useful to the common Cause, and that the Queen of Hungary has been encouraged to bear up amidst extreme Difficulties, and notwithstanding the numerous Armies sent against her; to assure his Majesty, that this House will grant to his Majesty suchSup-plies, as shall be found necessary for perfecting the great Work in which he is engaged for prosecuting with Vigour the just and necessary War with Spain, and for maintaining the Honour and Security of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms; and that, in all our Deliberations, we will endeavour to make manifest to the Word, that we have nothing so much at Heart, as the Honour of his Majesty, the Support of his Government, and the true Interest of his Crown and Kingdoms;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Noel, Mr. H. Bathurst, Lord, D oner at h, Sir John Norris, General Wade, Mr Selwyni Lord Duncannon, Sir John Rushout, Lord John Murray Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Barrel, Colonel Bladen, Mr. South-well, Mr. Winford, Lord John Sacville, Lord Limerick, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Mellish, Sir Charles IVytydham, Sir John Chapman, jLord Deerhurst, Lord’ Cppibury, Mr* Oswald, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Cary, MrArundel y pr any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, T\)&t his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bristol the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ,

the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of BriJloly in the room of Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, I y° die Novembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion Grand

do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. - Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Tellers for the Yeas,

TeUenfor, heN.es,{^"3r- 3'5°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Hartington, Lord Geo. Sacville, Mr. Winnington, Mr. H. Fox, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir H. Smythfon, Lord Charles Hay, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Earl, MrJ Vane, Lord Perceval, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hamilton, iord Baltimore, Mr. Finch, Mr. Ed. Finch, Dr. Cotes, Vol. 24.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committeeof be appointed: Privileges,

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor &c-of the Exchequer, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Ellis,

Admiral Stewart, Mr. Downing, Mr Phillips, Mr. Gome-wall, Lord Carpenter, Sir N. Williams, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Brigadier Onslow, Lord Doneraile, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fere, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Holmes, Mr. P/umtre, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Fane, Sir John Glynne, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Godolphin, Sir Thomas Reade, Mr. Carew, Mr. Archer,

Dr. Butler, Mr. Lechmere, Sir R. Neivdigate, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Frankland, Lord Geo. Sacville, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gregory, Sir R. Bradshaigh,

Brigadier Howard, Mr. P ley deli, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hopton,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Aislabie, Sir W. Corbett, Mr. Speke,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Mufi'enden,

Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Prowse, Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Owen, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Shepheard, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gray, General Churchill,

Lord Granard, Mr. J. Grenville, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Lijler, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wright, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Hutigerford, Mr. Paulett, Sir Thomas Cave,

Mr. Brevet on, Lord Limerick, Mr. Harbor d, Mr. Bras-fey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coke, Mr. Attorney - General,

Sir W. W. Winne, Mr. Lambe, Mr. H. A. Herbert,

Mr. Scrope, Mr. Gibson, Mr. R. Earle, Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Mitchell\ Mr. Young, Mr. Steele, Mr. Williams,

Lord Hartington: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday,

Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in 4 R Question

338

Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges, and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next; and so >vithin Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

UfaiJOrders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured fj to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person,

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any With^fs, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon,

23

174 a.

and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, taring the

Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Street between temple-bar and ffe/lminster-ba//(h$ll be kept fr$Q and open; and that no Obstru<ftions be made by Car$,

Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take carp, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, jn minster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein §r; thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same pot in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as Hi all presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that

no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person tobcappointr '

ed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the lead, immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place ap- ' pointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to theft-veral Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant, or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the feme,

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his ggiqg away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered* and that no Letter be delivered b,ut within the Hqqrs aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees;,-and that all Proceedings of Committees, in a Morning aftqF such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printeft 1

being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that he go '

appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, byJ 1

such as he shall appoint, do prelume to print the fyhey/ '

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition, for Privatt Bills, private Bills after the Eleventh Day of January next.

Resolved,

17® Novembris.

Controverted

Elections.

Call of the Ho«fe.

Address on the King’s Speech.

16 Geo. II. 170 — 189 339

Resolved, That, in Cafes of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Writs, to be heard at the Bar of this House or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselveSj qr by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Peffons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection* and dist the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts* on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday the 30th Day of this instant November,

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee appointed Y e ft e id ay to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foJloweth; viz.

The said Address being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by thU House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, The King’s take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious speech to be Speech to both Houses of Parliament. considered.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- State of the poled', That this House will, upon the 17th Lay ot Ja- Nation.

nuary next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.j ^Ar^OfiaUiJhn:

Tellers for the Noes,| Lifter?*’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the House’ accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

121.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our fine^re Tnanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne,

It is with the greaicft; atisfaction that we have seen the confta t Attention your Majesty has been graciously pleased to giye to the Advice of your Parliament; and as we think that the Support of the House of Aujiria, and the restoring and securing the Balance of Powerin Europe, are inleparable from the true Interest of these Kingdoms, we desire, in the strongest Manner, to express our grateful Sense of the early Care taken by your Majesty in forming such an Army in the Low Countries, as might be of Service to those great and defuable Ends: And as we are satisfied, that a Force sufficient for that Purpose could not have been so readily assembled, as by your Majesty’s fending a Body of your own Electoral Troops, together with the flejfians, to join the British and Aujirian Forces in thpf$ Parts, we are determined chearfully and effectually to support your Majesty in all such necessary Measures.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on the happy and unexpected Turn of the Affairs in the North: We assure your Majesty, that we are fully convinced, that it is by the Vigour and Spirit shewn by your Majesty in Pefence of your Allies, that the Queen of Hungary has been principally encouraged to bear up amidst extreme Difficulties, notwithstanding the numerous Armies sent against her: And we are perfuafted, that the same Spirit and Vigour have enabled the King of Sardinia to act a Part so useful to the common Caule, to which the Vigilance and Activity of your Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean have so remarkably contributed.

Your faithful Commons assure your Majesty, that they will, with the greatest Alacrity and Readiness, grant such Supplies as shall be found necessiuy for perfecting tfte great Work in which your Majesty is engaged, for profecu ting with Vigour the just and necessary War with Spain, and for maintaining the Honour and Security of your Majesty, and your Kingdoms.

Your faithful Commons, in all their Deliberations, will endeavour to make manifest to the World, that they have nothing so much at heart as the Honour of your Majesty the Support of ypur Government, and the true Interest of your Majesty’s QrpwnancJ Kingdoms. VOL. 44.

Jovisy 18* die Novembris j Anno 16° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1742.

Prayer^.

THE House being informed, That some of the'Com? Ea£

missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; prohibited They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Goods, Ac. House, pursuant to levefal ACh of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited Ei-Jl India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at St. Helen's, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1741; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1742: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Fenchurch-Jlrcet and Leadenhall-street, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1741; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1742: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1741; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1742: And also,

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdonj, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports at Michaelmas r 741; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1742: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, Fenchurch-street, Leadenhall-street, and Custom-house, in the Port of London, fine.e Midsummer 1742, in order to be dyed, glazed, iAc.; what have been returned, and what remained, out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1742: Arid also.

An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1741, so Michaelmas 1742: And also,

An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia intp the Ports of England, commonly called the Qut-ports, from Michaelmas 1741, to Michaelmas 1742.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

340 18° — 22° Novetnbris. 1742.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this SefUon.

Carmarthen A Petition of Griffith Phillips Esquire was presented to Election. the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County Borough of Caermarthen.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

1 That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.jfgJS,) 9°.

Tellers for the Noes,{JJj; 37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Time ap*. Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Ma-pomtcfi for jesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Addref«5 Yesterday, humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

the County o£Pembroke, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Burgeflesof the said Borough: And also,

A Petition of Rawleigh Manfell% of the County Borough of Caermarthen, Esquire, and One of the Burgesses of the antient Borough of fVifton, in the County of Pembroke;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put> That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,i

82.

160.

f Mr. Phillips,

91 Mr. Rowney:

{Mr. Campbell of Pem-brokeshire,

Mr. Br ere ton.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ele&iqns: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Haver ford A Petition of Hugh Barlow, of Lawrettny, in the County

Election ^em^ro^ Esqjuire, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and County of Haverford West.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide- ation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The King’# The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Speech con- into Consideration his Majesty’s most graciuu^ Speech to iidered. both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

Supply. And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee> 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno i6° Georgii IIJ1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Borough- ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant bridge Writ. " to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Borough-bridge, in the County of York, in the room of James Tyrrell Esquire, deceased.

Renfrew Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wfi* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Renfrew, in the room of Alexander Cuninghame Esquire, deceased.

Vialars's, fcc. A Petition of Daniel Vialars and Peter Thomegay was Nat. presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Humphry Howarth and Sir Thomas Drury do prepare, and bring in, the Tame.

Pembroke A Petition of Thomas Phillips Gentleman, late Mayor, Election, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses of the Borough of fVifton, m

Ordered, That Doctor Lee be added to the Com- Committeeof mittee of Privileges and Elections. ry ^Vllegc8'

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Anf«er to Majesty upon Thursday last with their Address: To which Addreft his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful and dfle&ionate Address, and for the great Marks of Confidence you repose in me.

The extraordinary Supplies that I am obliged to alk of my People have become necessary for supporting that Cause, which is inseparable from the true Interest of my Kingdoms.

You may be allured, I shall wish for nothing more than an Opportunity to ease my Subjects of all those extraordinary Charges, which the present Exigency of Affairs may require.

A Petition of John Symmons, of Llanftinan, in the Pembroke County of Pembroke, Esquire, was presented to the &etlion-House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return of a Knight of the Shire for the said County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

l6 Geq. II. 230- — 24°.

Martisi 2 30 die Novembris \

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Pray ers.

Vialars, &c. QIR Thomas Drury presented to the House, according *at* to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel Vialars and

Peter Thomegay: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to.consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolurion, which they had directed him to, report to the House; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz. ‘ ‘

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemitte contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Commistee in the said Resolution, That a'Su pply b’e gfanted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will,- Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Nav and Ordered, That anf Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy

Army EAi- for Year 1743- ’with the Half-pay of the Officers of mates, &c. the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1743, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Lund Service, for the Year 1743, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1743, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1743.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and* not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half-years ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excess 01 Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1742, have been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

341

Mercuriir 24.0 die Novembris;

Anno 160 Georgii llai Regis, -1742/. Prayers. r-'r

ANIEL Vialars and Peter Thomegay, took the Oaths appointed, in ofoer to their Nasalization. /

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, -being Freeholders, Burgesses, aryd Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Haverjord Wirft, paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County of Haverford West.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion 1 hereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instrucljon to the said Committee, That they hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Hugh iter/070 Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and County of Haverjord West.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Aftiton Tir-rold. the Rector of the Parish of Aftiton Tirrold, and other Persons, wnote Names are thereunto fublcnoed, being Owners and Proprietors ot, or having Right of Common in certain Commons, Downs, and Common Fields, wit hin the said M inor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the said Common Downs, and Common Fields, lying at present uninclosid, are mcapabe of Improvement; and the Petitioners being fenlible, that the Inclosure and Division thereof would greatly tend to the Advantage of each respective Owner and Propne.or, have entered into certain Articles of Ag;cement for such Inclosure and Division to be made accordingly; in consequence of which, by an Award made for that Purpose, each of the Petitioners Shares and Proportions have b^en severally allotted to them; but that the said Articles, by reason of certain Impediments and Disabilities in Law, cannot be rendered binding and conclusive with regard to some of the Parties interested in the said Inclosure and Division, unless an Act of Parliament is obtained for efTeftually carrying the said Articles into Execution: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Mr. Piljworth, and Mr. Bance, do prepare, and bring in, the lauie.

The House, according to Order, refilved itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 24.

4S

Haverford West Election.

A Hi ton

Ti-rold

Inclosure,

Supply.

Answer to Addref*.

Supply*

34?

2Jp9 — 26° Novembris. 1741.

\fpp.iS) $$* die Novembris \

Anno 16* Georgii JW1 Regis, 1742.' Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, That he will give Directions ac-boVdJngly. f

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the ^ueftion put thereupon, <agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That dhis House wiH, Tomorrow Morn- w*y« ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeTJoufe, *n Meanl» to consider of Ways and Means for raising £he granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till 'To-papn;

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 26° die Novembris;

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tp consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Jiesolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

" Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1743, beginning from the ift Day of January 1742.

*'Resolveedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Kesolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemirie contradirente.

Anno Georgii II# Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

t 1 ..

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Aimy suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimau*.

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land forces, for the Year 1743 * And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flaqders, for the Year 1743: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minor cay and Gibraltar, for the Year *743 And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines* for the Year 1743.

And the Titles of the said Eftirnates were read-The said Efthnates are as followed*; viz.

16 Gso, JI.

M&vemhis,

H3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrifohs, and other Land Forces, for the Year 174.3.

H O R S £.

JFjifl: Troop ^of XJuards -

Second Ditto - + - -

First Troop of sGrenadief Guards Duke of Montagu'% -

General Wade's r - 1

DRAQO^ON S.

Lieut$ri^-jSegeral Qhurc-hilfs -

Lord Mark Kerr's Colonel Bland's

Brigadier Hamilton's -

FOOT.

Four Battalions of Foot Guards Lieutenant-General BarrelTs Major-General Handyfyd?s Major-General Harrison's -Major-General Gff/V’s -Brigadier-General Howard's Major-General Wentworth's -

Colonel Blakeney's Lord Cavendish's -

Colonel Fleming's 1-Lord Sempilfs . r Lieutenant-General Claytotfs Late Major-General Armstrong'% Brigadier-General Bragg's Colonel Long's Colonel Price's

Colonel Mordaunt's Colonel Cholmondeley's - -

Colonel Grangue'p -

One Battalion of Major-General £/. C&ir’s

INVALIDS.

J^te Lieutenant-Genenal Fielding's -

Thirty Independent Companies

GENERAL and STAFF OFFICERS, &c.

.Numbers,

181

-77

2>+

274

1,976

8ij

8*5

8*5

J«$

8*5

815

815

8,5

8*5

8*5

8*5

815

815

8*5

8*5

*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

5*5

1,807

1,087

1,740

18,461

23,610

Payof-rite

Regiments, for 365 Days.

16.546 - ij

16.546 13 10,870 18 -20,433 18 20,423

d.

4

4

4 ' 4 4

General and Staff Officers -Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Aecount -

Levy-money for 288 Non-commission Officers and private Men, for,) augmenting Brigadier-General Hamilton's and Colones Regi- > njents of Dragoons from the Irish to the Brittjl) Establishment -J

Tot a 1*'

72,169

*5,217

*5,2*7

*5,2*7

15.217 *5,2*7

*5,217

*5.2*7

*5,2*7

15,2*7

*5,2*7

*5,2*7

*5.217

*5,2*7

*5,2*7

*5,217

15.217

*5,217

15.217

15.217

12 6

9.2

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9,906 14 30,126 3

22,880 19

35,97* 7

20,000 —

435 - 19,630 18 4 '

435 - 19,630 18 4

435 19,630 18 4

435 19,63® ij '4 i

TOTAL.

C d.

Mi* *

78,523 13 4

361,3.1 6 i

40,032 17 II

7M1* $ s

4,320-----

647,862 5 10

War-Office, Whitehall, 26th November, 1742.

Will-

Vol. 24.

hvCoQolp

344

%6° Novem

A: 1742.

E S T IM A T E of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1743.

HORSE,

Third Troop of Guards -Fourth D° -

Second Troop of Grenad ier Guards Royal Regiments of, Guards Earl of Pembroke's -Major-General Ligoniqr's -

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment

Lieutenant-General Campbell's -Lieutenant-General Hony woods Lord Cadogan's Major General Copes Sir Robert Rick's

F O O T,

Three Battalions of Foot Guards Major-General Howard's Regiment Brigadier Cornwallis's -

Colonel Durour's -Brigadier Pulteney's - *'

Colonel Peer's -Brigadier Onflows -Colonel Campbell's -Colonel Handafyd's -

Brigadier Hujk's

Colonel Bligh's - . - -

Colonel Johnforis -

Brigadier Ponjonby' s

General and Staff Officers Officers of the Hospital -Contingencies

More for Forage for the General Officers, and for Forage and Waggon Money for the above Forces -

JSfor^OflkWhitehall, t a6th ifotww&r, 174a.

Numbers,

j8i

181

176

427

409

280

435

435

435

43$

435

435

2>315

815

815

8'5

8i5

815

8iJ

I'5

8i5

8i5

8i5

Jx5

8i5

1,654

2,6lO

12,095

l6.359

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 365 Days.

£ ' s- d.

16.546 13 4

16.546 13

10,743 3

30,982 8

30,161 3

20,707 13

19.630

19,tijO

19030

19.630 1^,630

19.630

18

18

18

18

18

18

56,5! 7

15.217 15>a 17

lS>21 7

15.217

I5,2!7

15.217

i5>217

15.217 15,2x7

J5,ai7

15.217

4

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

21,914 8 4

-3*056 17’ .6 10,000 - —

Total

total.

d.

125,687 15 -4

117,785 10 —

239>126 14 2

34,97 1 5 Jo

5'7»57r 5 "*

17,192 — —

534,763 5 —

l6° Novembris

i 6 Geo. II. a6° Novembris. 345

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1743.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Lieutenant-General DalzelPs Regiment -

Major-General Phillips's -

Colonel Oglethorpe's -

Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -Eight Companies at Jamaica -One Company in the Island of Providence

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Brigadier-General Read's Regiment -Lieutenant-General Tyrrell's -

Colonel Offarrell's -

Major-General Anstruther's -

Colonel Graham's -

Officers of the Garrisons, fcfr.

In GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Fowke's Regiment -

Major-General Hargrave's - -

Lieutenant-General Columbine's -

Colonel Fuller's -

Colonel Houghton's -

Officers of the Garrison, &V.

Provisions for Major-General Phillips's Regiment in^ Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, 1 deducting per diem out of the Subsistence of ' each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence$ remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for Colonel Oglethorpe's Regiment at Georgia Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

War-Office, Whitehall’ 26 November, 1742.

Numbers.

815

394

804

445

57

912

150

815

815

815

8*5

815

*i5

815

815

815

815

3>577

4,075

4,075

11,727

Pav of the Regiments, &c. for 365 Day*.

15,217

9,830

15,435

7»!4l

1,003

15,731

2,466

s.

9 2

13 4

*5 —

16 8

15 —

10 — 15 10

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 1*

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

i5>217 9 i5,38x 14 15,2*7 9

15.217 9

15.217 9

M58 *7 1

30,000 — — 2,445 10 —

456 5 —

Will. Yongt.

Total - - £.

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

66,827 15 — 2,539 8

76,087 5 10

6,700 8 9

76,251 10 *0 3,749 ia 3i

34,460 12 1

266,616 6 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1743.

- Number*. Pay of the Regiments for 36$ Days. TOTAL.

- - ' £ s. d.

Colonel Wolf is Regiment - - 1,155 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Frazer's - - - 1,155 - . 20,175 7 6

Colonel Lowther's ‘ - _ - . i,‘5 5 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel WynyarcTs - - !»i55 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Cochran's , - - 1,155 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel CottereiPs - - . 1,155 . *0,175 7 6

Major-General CornewalFs - M55 - 20,175 7 6

Late Colonel Hanmer's - - - i,i55 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Pawlett's - - - - M55 - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Jeffery's - - - i,i55 ii, S50 20,175 7 6 201,753 15 —

Contingencies upon Account 4,500

Total - - - 11,550 - - 206,253 15 —

War-Office, Whitehall,

26th November, 1742,

Will.

V01. 24.

4 T Ordered,

34*> 26° — 290 Nov 1742.:

Ottfcfcft/, That the said Efiimafces do 4i'e upon thfe ing *tl>e -fitrwe m a very ruinous Condition, >and the annual Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House. Income not being sufficient, they were obliged to borrow

a confide rabie Sum of Money, in order -put a«d -keep Privilege. A Co rrt pi a mt being riiade to the House, That William the same in Repair; which Money so borrowed, together Former Jiad counterfeited the Hand-writing of a Member with the ToJ Is* collect cd by virtue of the said Act, has of thfe ] foufe, by franking a Letter, and several Covers been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions for Letters, to be lentby the General Post: thereby given; and that the Sum of Twothoufancf Pounds

And the said Letter and Covers being produced; ftiii remains unpaid; and that the Petitioners find the And it appearing to the House, that the said Letter Money, now due on the Credit of the said Act, cannot . was signed with the Names of William and Elizabeth be repaid, nor can thefiid Roads, during the subsisting , Forifter, in which was inclosed a Cover lor a Letter Term, be effectually amended add kept in Repair dor i franked with the Name of the said Member; and also a the future, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted Letter signed with the Name of William Forifter, inclosing be continued and enlarged: And therefore, praying, That, ' another Cover franked -with the &k4 Member's Name, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and dire died to the said William Forifter: and enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former

And the said Member declaring, that the said Letter Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to and Covers were not franked by him; the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said William Forifter do attend this Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the House upon Monday Morning next. Consideration of a Committee: And that they, do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Plympton Ordered', That Mr. Speaker, do issue his Warrant to appear to them, to the House:

Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the And it is referred to Sir John Chester, Mr. Lttwndes,

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Williams, Sir Thomas Drury, for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, - Mr. Cketwyud, Mr. in the room of the Right Honourable Thomas Clntterbuck Pturner, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Winford, Esquire, deceased. Mr. Pratt, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Packer, Mr. Ord,

Lord Guernsey, Lord Bulk ley, M.s.M(mf(m, Mr. Walpole, Sutherland A Petition of the HonounibleG^ar^ Mackoy Esquire Sir R. New digate, Lord Sidney Beauclerkr, Mr. Cook, Mr. Election. was presented to the House, and read; complaining of War bur ton, Mr. Grenville, 'Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr.

an undue Election and Return for the County of Watson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mellish, Sir Jac. Bouvevie, Mr. Sutherland. Cartwright, Mr. Carew, Mr. Neivland; and all the

Ordewd, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Members who lerve for the Counties of Bedford an dBucks: sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eie&ions: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. fend for Piersons, Papers, knd Records.

Waj.s The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fra?icis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had^come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the jleport be received upon Monday Morning next.

the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolvedylihat this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, fcfolve TtfeIfrihto a Committee of The~whole House, to consider futther of Ways and Means fof taring the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the!l Hdufe adjourned till Mohday Morning rte£t, Nine of the Clock.

----- — ----- -1 4--- — . — -----; — ----- u-2

A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Vialars and Peter Thome- Viators’, gay was read a Second time. &c. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Fane, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Compton, Mr. Choi-mondeley, Mr. Brereton, Lord Strange, Colonel Bladen,

Mr. Walpole, Colonel Conway, Mr. Whie he ole. Sir Jjoft'i Pennington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grant, Sir James Grant,’

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Whitmore, Sir R. Newdigate, Mr.

Watson, Lord Perceval, Sir Francis Dashwood, Sir H.

Hozvarlh, Sir Ed. Deering, Mr.. Ptvwfe9: Mr» /Batrks,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. John Martin, Lord S. Beauclerk,

Mr. Cartwright, Sir B. Broughton, Mr. Shuttleworth,

Lord Guernsey, Brigadier Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr, -Ca-rew: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakqPs. Chamber.

A Petition of the poor confined Prisoners for Debt in Debtors the Sheriff of Cornwall's Ward, or Prison, at Bodmin, *>clltI011,

in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of their Fellow-Sufferers confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the , House, and read; cpm.- plaining of their Distress: And prayirtg Relief. ‘ :<

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon th^ ,

Hocklitfe, fcc. Roads.

Lunct) 29° die Novembpis J - A Complaint being made to the House,*That Privilege.

Anno 3 6° {jfeorgii IF* Regis, 1)42. - <

! ~ " (

Prayers.

PETITION of the Trustees, whose Names' art thereuntofubfcr}ibfed, appointetito put rn Execution an Act' of Parliament (made in*th£~F!rft Year of$he; Reign of his present Majesty King George tilt $eCond, for the more effectual amending the Highway between"Nffcklife and Wobnrn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading Ritotrgh Woburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnei, in the County of Bucks-, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said The House being informed, TKat Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable for the tended, according to Order , ' -/ i: -

Term of One-and-twenty Years, from the 24th Day of He was called in; and the Letter signed with the Names

June 1728, for repairing the said Roads, containing in of William and Elizabeth Forister, and the Covers and length about Twelve M iics; and that the Trustees find Letter therein inclosed, which were on Friday last deli- - 2 i ' 1 V^red

tame Look liaa_ counterreitca the ttaDQ-wnting ot a Member of this House, by frankr^g a Letter to fie fentf by the General Post_

And the said Letter being produced;

! And' the said. Member declaiing, that the said-^Letter . wbs not franked by him; " , J'

[ And it appearing t.o the House, that the said Lettej-w'iis signed with the Name of Fountaine Cook;

j Or acred. That the said Fountaine Cook do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

i6 Geo. II.

vered in at the Table, being Ab,ewn to him, he confeflTetl, that the Franks thereupon, and what, die-is written in or upon the said Letters and Covers, were of his Handwriting.

Ana then ne was directe'd to withdraw.

Resolved, That the £>iqj Forifier, having

counterfeited the Hand-writing of a Member of this House, upon a Letter, and several Covers for Letters, in order to prevent their Ipqing charged with the Duty of Postage, 13 guilty of a high Mjfdemeanour, and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Thatjtlae said William Forifier be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: ^nd that Mr. Speaker, do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ways Mr. Francis Fane9 according to Order, reported from and Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Ref -lution, which . they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: \Vbere;the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this'Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be-raised, in the Year 1743, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Secbnd time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the Word " Pound," the Words " and

no more

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolut ion, so amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal F.ilates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that a proportionable Cess,. according to the N nth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring it), t£e Jfame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° die Novembris",

Anno 16° Georgii II" Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; Tk Jf R. Francis Fane presented to ihe House, accord* Land Tax. TVl ing to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be jailed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred ..find Forty-three; A*>d the same was received; and read the Firstrime.

Rejdved, That ^the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being.informed, That Fountame Cook attended, according to Order;

Vol. 24.

347

He was called in; and the Letter signed by him, and Privilege Yesterday Ueliyerjed in at the Table, being shewn to him, he said, that the said Letter, and the Direction thereon,

Were of his Handwriting; but he denied, that he wrote *he Frank; and said, Tfat he had it from one Jattybns who told hiip, he procured it from one Beale.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Fountaine Cook do attend thie House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, that Lancelot Burton Jackson do attend this House Tomorrow Morning*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Treaty with That an humble Address be prefetited to his Majesty, Ruffu* that he will be graciously ©leased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the De-i fenfive Alliances agreed upon between his Majesty and the Czarina, and his Majesty and the King of Frvjfia; together with Copies of the separate Articles;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire was presented tp i)enbigh,&c. the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election Eleaioa. and Return for the several Boroughs oDenbigh, Ruthin, and Holt, in the County of Denbigh.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided*

The Yeas went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inflru<ft;on to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition immediately after the Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the County of Pembroke.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Hoilfe, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Boroughs of Denbigh, Ruthin, and Holt, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon,- to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition oi Arthur Trevor Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Boroughs.

A Petition of Jones Raymond Esquire was presented to M;tchell the House, and read; complaining of an undue Eie&ion fiieaion. and Return for the Borough of Mitchell, otherwise St.

Michael, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the said Pen tion be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ele<5Uons: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Nicholas Robinson Esquire was presented WottonBaflet to the House, and read; Complaining of.an midue Elec- Kuaion. tidh and Return for the Borough of Wottun Bajjet, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Ekdlioti^:

And -

290 — 300 Noyembm.

348

30°Novembris. — 1° — 2° Dccemlris. A. 174a.

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Air Eleaion. A Petition of the Honourable General James Campbel was presented to the House, and read; complaining ot an undue Election.and Return for the County of Air.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee Of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Cardigan

Erleliion.

Call of the House.

A Petition of Richard Lloyde Esquire was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undueEkdion and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition immediately after the Hearing of the Merits of the Election for the Boroughs of Denbigh, Ruthin, and Ho/ty in the County of Denbigh.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Cali of the House be adjourned to this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clo^k.

Vialars* Ac. Nat.

Mercurii) i° die Decembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers,

SIR Thomas Drury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Vialars and Peter Thomegay was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. H. Archer,

Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Phillips, Mr. BathurH, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Coke, Lord Deerhurst, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Hoblyn, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr. Pinch, Sir John Chester,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Downing, Mr. Brere-ton. Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. H. Fox, Mr. Neale, Sir John Rufhout, —

Mr. Godolphin, Dr. Butler, Mr. Wright, Mr. Arundel,

Sir John H. Cotton, Lord Perceval, Mr. Kent, Mr. Ca-rew, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thurjby, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Pitt, Mr Banks, Sir John Glynne, Sir Thomas Wynne, Mr. Legge, Mr. Strowde, Mr. Southwell,

Sir Thomas Drury; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Member* House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-HaU, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And he being returned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Inquiry into a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Conduct of Robert Earl of Orford, during the last Ten Years of his ^onduft. being First Commissioner of the Treasury, and Chan-cellorand Under-Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Lord G

letters for tire i eas^ sir R C#,/88.

[Lord Marquis of Hartington,

Mr. Winnington.

So it passed in the Negative.

186.

*53-

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Newcastle upon Tyne Elect on.

Radnor

Election.

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax,' to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-three, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Matthew Ridley Esquire was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Roderick GWynne Esquire was presented to, the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Radnor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-w sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: " And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report "the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire ‘ what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report

1 1/ 23

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the-Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee of tions be adjourned. Privileges,

&c.

And then the House 'adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Jovis, 2® die Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Cromarty " to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Eleaion. for the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Cromarty, in the room of Sir William Gordon Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Kirkcudbright Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election* Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, in the room of Bajil Hamilton Esquire, deceased.

The House being informed, that the Petition of Nicholas Robinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wotton Basset, in the County of Wilts, presented to the House on Tuesday last, and referred to the Consideration of the Committee of PrU vileges and Elections, is not signed by the Petitioner 1

Ordered,

Wotton

Basset

Election.

General Officers.

Colohelt,

&c*

Ditto,

irish.

Privilege,

Supply Bill; Zand Tax.

i & Geo. II.

Ordered, That it Be ah Instruction to the faic! Com-rhittee, That, before they proceed on the said Petition, they do examine into the Manner of signing the fame, and make Report thereof to thd House.

Resolved, That an hunibte Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plea fed to give Direction, that there may be laid before this House, a List of the General Officers, with an Account how many of them are now employed and paid, and where they are at present; with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such; and of thfei'r First Commissions in the Army,

Resolved, That an* humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction. That there may be laid before this House, a List of the Colonels,’ Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, Second Lieutenants, Cornets, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces, on the British Establishment, and on the Establishment for Gibraltar, Minorca, and the BritishiPlantations in America, with the Datestof their respective Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the First Commissions, which such Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majrirs; Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction, that there may belaid before this House, a List of the Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, Lieutenants, Cornets, and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the IriJJi Establishment, with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the First Commissions, which such Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

Ordered That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Robert Phillipjhill had counterfeited the Hand-writing of a Member of this House, by franking a Cover inclosing several Letters, to be sent by the General Post:

And the said Cover, and Letters therein inclosed, being produced:

And it appearing to the House, that the said Letters Were signed with the Name of Robert Phillipjhill:

And the said Member declaring, that the said Cover was not franked by him;

Ordered, That the said Robert Phillipjhill do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three;

Ordered, That if be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clauseof Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power {o receive a Clause to make good the Efficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1741, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1743.

Then thfe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 24.

149

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 30 die Decembris;

Anno r6° Georgii lldi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill;

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Land Tax. Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to b£ raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,-with the Amendments, bd ingossed.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, met at the General Quarter-Seflidns of the Peace held at Thifk f >r the bridge to North Riding of the County o* York, the 5m D.y of North Alle* October, 1742; and also of the Gentlemen, and other In- Xo* habitants, within the said hiding, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was preftnted to the H >use, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the Town of North Allerton, in the said Riding, and from thence to a Ford, or Passage, over the River Tees, in the said Riding, opposite to the Town of Neefham, in t-he County Palatine of Durham; and also the High Road from the said Town of Borough-bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Pierfc-br'uige on the fad River Tees; being the high Roads from London to Edinburgh; are, in divers Places, by reason of the many heavy Carriages 1 passing thereon, become so deep and ruinous, that the several Days-work on the Highway, as by the Law provided, are not sufficient to keep the same in such Repair, as to make the same passable, without great Danger to the Persons travelling the said Roads; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, in which the said ruinous Roads do lie, are not of Ability to repair the fame, without some other Provision; there being, in many Places thereof, no Materials to be had but at great Distances from the respective Places where the said ruined Roads do lie;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, ;Mr. Torke

Mr. Frankland, Mr. Boon, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Selwyn,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fox, Sir Miles Slapylton,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Young, Mr. Ojbtcldifihi^ Mr. CaietV)

Mr; Phillips, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Stewart, Lord Guer* fey, Lord Barrington, Lord Strange, Mr* ShutlU&ortfa Mr. Fellows, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Letchmere, Sir Henry Liddell, Dr. Cotes,. Mr. Crowle, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Rtjhout, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Nathanael Carton^ Nfh Tucker; Mr. Grenville, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

West, Sir James Grant, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Meilish, M r. Page, Mr. IVilkitiftih, Lord Sidney Beisuc/erk,

Mr. Bankts, Lord 'Qkarendon, Sir Roger New digate, Mr.

Tuffnell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Westmor eland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

4U Mr.

2* — 3* Decemhris.

35 3° Decembris. . 1742.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Estimate of the Charge of the Hessian Troops paid by Majesty’s Command, Great Britain, from the 26th December 1742, to the 25th

Hanoverian An Account of the Charge of the Troops of Hanover of December 1743, both inclusive.

Troops, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the jift Day of August And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were to the 23th Day of December 1742, being 117 Days: read.

And also. The said Account and Estimates are as followeth;

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of Hanover in viz. the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26rh Day of December 1742, to the 25th Day of December 1743: And also,

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of 5,513 Hone, and 10,755 Foot, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 31st Day of August to the 25th Day of December 1742, both inciufive, being 117 Days.

Pay in Holland Money for 117 Days. Reduced into Sterling at 10 Gs. 10 St. to die Pound.

The Pay of the Horse - -The Pay of the Foot - - - d JS * c 0 § ~ 55 1 1 Guilders. St. d. 677,076.410 512,780 914 & 64,483 8 ii| 48,836 4 84

16,268 The Pay of the General Officers - - - - The Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery The ordinary Recruit-money for the Horse - The ordinary Recruit-money for the Foot - 1,189,856 14 8 48,790 12 — 32>97° 1 9 23,266 2 9 26,839 3 9 1 *3.3i9 *3 7i 4,646 14 6 3,140 — ii 2,215 16 4$ 2.555 16 64

Levy-money for 4,692 Horse, at 80 Rix Dollars each Levy-money for 8,127 Foot, at 30 Rix Dollars each R. D. - 37 - 243,810

Rix Dollars -Which at 41. id. each - - 619,170 - *39.313 5

L- 265,191 6 24

War-Office, December 3d, 1742. Will.

No Estimate can be made at present for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, and Waggon-money, for the above Time.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 5,513 Horse, and 10,755 Foot, of the Troops of in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the 25th Day of December 1743, both inciufive, being 365 Days.

« Pay in Holland Money for 365 Days. Reduced into Sterling at 10 Gi. 10 St. to the Pound.

Numbers. The ordinary Pay of the Horse - - - 5*5 *3 The ordinary Pay of the Foot ----- 10,755 Guilders. St. d. 2,112,246 7 2 1.599.699 16 9» £ s. J. . 201,166 6 44 152.352 7 3

16,268 The ordinary Pay of the General Officers - - -The Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery -The ordinary Recruit-money for the Horse The ordinary Recruit-money for the Foot - 3>7">946 3 11* 152,209 19 13 102,855 7 7f 72,582 7 4 83.729 1 3 353.518 13 7* 14.496 3 81 9.795 15 — 6,912 12 1 7.974 3 10

Total - War-Office, December 3d, 1742. Will. 4,113,322 19 7 392,697 8 3

No Estimate can be made at present for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage and Waggon-money, for the above Time.

Hessian

Troopa.

Debtors

Petition.

Limiting Officers in the House of Commons.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Committee of Pririlegesj kc.

Anforer to Addrefc*.

i6 Geo. II. 30 — 6°Decembris. 351

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1*264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot of the Troops of his Majesty the King Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1742, to the 25th Day of December 1743, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Pay in Holland Reduced into Sterling

Money for 365 Days. at 10 Guilders 10 Stivers to the Pound.

Numbers. Guilders. Stivers. Ls. d.

The Pay of the Horse - 1,264 489,812 19 4 46,648 17 —

The Pay of the Foot ----- 4,908 740,698 3 — 70,5+2 13 7

6>ll2 1,2,0,511 2 4 117,191 10 74

The Pay of the General Officers - 45,898 15 — 4,371 6 2i

The Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the Train of Artillery 41,488 6 8 3>95l5 4

i»3i7»898 4 — I 125,514 2 if

For the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Amsterdam, payable for these Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1742, ex- 36,093 15 —

dufive, to the 25th December 1743* inclusive, being 365 Days, computed at 4*. 9%d. per Crown - - - r

Total . - £. l6l,607 17 If

War-Office,

December 3d, 1742. Will. Tonge.

Memorandum. — No Estimate can be made for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon-money, GV. for the Year 1743.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in the Gaol of the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ie-curing. the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t — -"-tfgEas? h6-

Tdl- for ,he Noes,{ ft; W»'

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Robert Phillipjhill do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, .6° die Decembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742, Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Addresses of Thursday last had been presented to VOla. 24.

his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, that Robert Phillipjhill Privilege; attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and the several Letters signed with his Name, and the franked Cover, inclosing them (which were upon Thursday last delivered in at the Table), being shewn to him, he said, that the said Letters, and the Direction on the said Cover, were of his Hand-writhing, but that he received the Frank thereon.from one Stephen Sherlock, from whom also he had received Two more Covers for Letters, franked with the Name of the famfe Member.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that the said Stephen Sherlock attended at the Door;

He was called in; and the said counterfeited Frank being shewn to him, he said, that he received it with another Frank (in the Name of the said Member) from Mr. Lloyd, from whom also he had received One or Two more.

And the House being informed, that the said Mr. Lloyd attended at the Door;

He was called in; and the said counterfeited Frank being shewn to him, he denied that he gave that Frank to the said Stephen Sherlock; but he said, that he gave him Two real Franks^ which he had received from the said Member (One of which he produced to the House, the same having been re-delivered to him by the said Robert Phillipjhill, on Saturday last).

And being further examined, he said, that he gave the said Two Franks to the said Stephen Sherlock, about Three Quarters of a Year ago.

Stephen Sherlock being again called in, confessed that he received the said Two Franks at that time, and asserted (what Mr. Lloyddenied) that the said counterfeited Frank was One of the Two which he then received.

And he further said, that he never gave more than these Two Franks to the said Robert Phillipjhill.

And then the said Mr. Lloyd and the said Stephen Sherlock, were directed to withdraw.

The said Robert Phillipjhill was again called in; and examined; and persisted in his Evidence, That he received the said counterfeited Frank from the said Stephen Sherlock. k

And

352

And then he was directed to withdraw*

And it appeared to the House, by Comparishn, that the said counterfeited Frank, and the real Frank (produced by Mr. Lloyd), were of a different Hand-writing.* ..... ..

Resolved, That the said Stephen Sherlock, having counterfeited rhe! Hand-writing of a Member of this House upon a Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Postage, is guilty of a'high Misdemeanor and a notorious Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Sherlock be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Westminster The House being informed, that Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Bridge. Gferkto-the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross

the River of 'Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred t*> the House; pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, a State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of* Westminster

174 2.

Bridge, from November 24th 1741, to November 3d 1742, both inclusive; And also,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from'November 24th 1741, to November 3d 1742, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1741, to 29th September 1742.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur*- General suant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the officers. General Officers, with an Account how many of them are employed, and paid, and where they are at pr’elent; with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such; and of their First Coriimissions in the Army.

And the Tide of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is as followeth; viz.

6° Dtiembr

A LIST of the General Officers, with an Account how many of them are employed, and paid, and where they are at present; with the Dates of their respective Commissionts as such; and of their First Commissionis in the Army.

GENERAL

OFFICERS.

' Field-Marllials. Duke of Argyll -Lord Cobham Earl of Stair

General. George Wade

Licutenan ts-General. Phil. Horry wood -

Lord Mark Kerr Robert Dalzell -Thomas Panton -George PreftoH Albert Bor gar d -Francis Columbine Richard Francks -4Charles Churchill William Barr ell -JaJpar Clayton -

Geruais Parker -

John Peter Dejbordes -Earl of Hertford -Sir Robert Rich -Baron St. Hipolite -Earl of Dunmore

Duke of Montagu -Lord Molesworth Earl of Harrington -Earl of Pembroke James Campbell -

Majors-General.

Balthr. Foijfac -’ Sir Daniel Carroll James Douglass -Clement Nevill -Sir John Arnot -William Hargrave -Henry Cornewall

Present Commissions.

1

14 "January 1734. 18 Mar. 174J

2d July 173$

30th October 1733

ift November 1735 3d D"

5th D*

ad July 1739.

D*

D*

D°

D*

D* -

D*

D°

D*

D* -D*

D*

D’ -D*

D*

18 th February

ad July 1739

D*

D*

D*

D°

D*

d:

First Commissions. -

7 April 1694

9 Mar. i*jo{ Paid as Commander in Chief in Flanders. 7 In Flanders. $

26 December 1690

- - - 1694 - - - *693 Paid as Lieutenant-General in Flanders. 7 . In . Flanders, f Paid as Brigadier in Ireland. — In England.

- - - 1693 27 Mar. 1698 24 June 1695 Paid as Commander in Chief in North i Britain. In England.,) Paid as Commander in Chief in Ireland: In England, for the Recovery of His Heilth.

23d April 1709 10th June 1700

lft Mar. 170! 10th Mar. 1710 - - - 1701 3d November 1716 25th February 170* Paid as Lieutenant-General in Flanders. 7 In Flandet). £ Paid as Lieutenant-General in Ireland. 7 In Ireland. £ Paid as Lieutenant-General in Flanders. 7 In Flanders. 3

31 fa December 1688 23d April 1694 5th April 1704 Paid as Brigadier in Ireland. — his Health.J

Henry

a /f.

i6 Geo. II

General Officers.

Majors General.

Henry Harrtfon Thomas Howard -John Cope - -

John Ligonier -/V/er Campbell James Scott - -

5w.r - -Richard Phillips -'Roger Handajyd -Henry Hawley - -

Lord Tyrawley -Joshua Guejl - -

Charles Otway Phineas Bowles -Lord Cadogan - -T7//7. Anjlruther -Foliot - -

Adam Williamson -James St. Clair -Thomas I Vent worth

Duke of- Richmond John Guize

Earl of Albemarle

Brigadiers-General.

Giro. &W -

Stephen Cornwallis Archibald Hamilton -Earl of Rothes - -Earl of Effingham

Richard Onslow - -

Francis Fuller -Henry Pulteney - -

Charles Howard - -

77;/7. Bragg -Jo/};/ Hnjke - - -Henry Ponsonby - -

Charles Frampion - -

6° Decembris.

353

Present Commissions. First Commissions.

ad July 1739 22d February 1695

D° - - - - 4th February 1704

D° - - - - 14th Mar. 1706

D" - - - - 20th February 1704

D* ,

D* - - - -D° 1 ft September 1692

D° - - - - 25th June 1702

D° - 1694

D° - - - - 10th January 169J

- - - - 15th Mar. 1704

D° - - - - 24th February 1701;

D*

D° - - - - 16th Mar. 170 — °.

D* ..... . *- - - 1706

D" - -

13th August 1741 14th D" 12 th Mar. 1703

13th D* - - June 1707

16th D’ - - Mar. 1714-15

18th February 1741

D° - -: - 9th April 1706

D° - - - - 25th August 1717

2d July 1739 16th August 1703

D* - - - - 16th Mar. 1719

D° - -1688

D* - - - - 22d July 171 j

D° - - - - 5 th April 1764

1 %t\\ February 16th February 1716

D° - - - - 19th July 1711

D° - - - - 10th January 170

D° - - - - 10th August 1715 10th Mar.

D° - -

D° - - - - 20th June 1707

D - - - - 25th August 1705

D° - - - - 8 th April 1712

Paid as Major-General in Flanders. In Flanders. Paid as Major-General in Flanders. In Flanders. Paid as Major-General in Flanders. In Flanders.

Paid as Major-General in Flanders. In Flanders.

Paid as Brigadier in jVbr/// Britain. — InNorth)

Britain.ji

Paid as Brigadier in Ireland. - In England.

Paid as Commander in Chief of the Forces) in the West Indies. — In the West Indies.)

Paid as Major-General of the Forces in the 7 West Indies — In England for his Health. 3 Paid as Major-General in Flanders. — In>

Flanders.)

Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In England.

Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In Flanders. Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In England\ 7

for his Health. 3 Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In England.

Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In Flanders.

Paid as Brigadier in Ireland. — In Ireland. Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In Flanders. Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In Flanders. Paid as Brigadier in Flanders. — In Flanders

Whitehall^ War-Office, the 6th December 1742.

Will. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, *to consider further of the Supply granted to hi's Majesty.

fcetition from A Petition of William Forifter, now a Prisoner in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgale, was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging the just Sentence of the House, and asking Pardon for his Offence, and prayiDg to be released from his imprisonment, he being very poor, and unable to fubiift himself, and Family, who are in great Want.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be nOw read. ' /

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the-Charge of his Ma-jdly’s Forces \n Flanders, '.for the Year 1743,.. be referred to the said Committee. .....

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, land Gibraltar, for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Re-Vql. 24.

giments of Marines, for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That

receive the same.

Ordered, That. the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he wa£ directed by the Committee to move, That they . may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn - Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aDtI Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif* ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committeeof tions be adjourned.. ... Privileges,

4 X ‘ And *'

Afliton

Tirrold

Inclosure.

Vialars^&c.

Nat.

Supply Bill] Land Tax.

Debtors

Petition.

Lawsrespect ing Rogues and Vagabonds, Sec.

3 54

6s — 70 Decembris. 1742.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

THE Lord Sidney Beauelerk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for Inclosing and Dividing certain common Downs and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of AJliton Tirrold, in the County of Berks: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Viulars and Peter Thomegay, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Vialars and Peter . Thomegay.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for granting, an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of York, in behalf of themselves, and the Gaols adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; and to report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Carter* Mr. Cdrew, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Bramjldn, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Selwytt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prov)fe, Lord Chetwynd, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Speeke, Mr. H, Campbell, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Charlton, Lord S. Beauelerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Smyth, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Walpole, Sir C. Firebrace, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mellish, Mr. War hurton, Mr Sydenham, Major Sehvyn, Mr. Wil-kinson, Mr. Winford, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Phillips, Mi*. Clive, Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mh Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Powney, Mr. Waller, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gore, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Southwell and all the Gentlemen of the Long-Robe: And they are tb meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider the Laws relating to the Poor, so far as the same concern the Removal and Relief of poor Persons; and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred Thirty-four thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three Pounds and Five Shillings be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty-nine effective Men (Commission and Non-Commission Officers in* eluded), to be employed in Flanders, for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services (including Two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Invalids), amounting to Twenty-three thousand Six-hundred and Ten efteftiveMen(Commission and Non-Commission Officers included), be employed for the Service of the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Surfi, not exceeding Six hundred Forty-seven thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Twenty-three thousand Six hundred and Ten effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other Services in Great Britain, West Andies, Guernsey, arid Jetfey, for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sixty-six thousand Six hundred and Sixteen Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines (Commission and Non-Commission Officers included), employed for the Year 1742, be continued for the Service of the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Six Thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines (Commission and Non-Commission Officers included) for the Service of the Year 1743.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that aNumberof Land Forces for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services (including Two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-two Invalids), amounting to Twenty-three thousand Six hundred and Teri effective Men (Commission and Non-Commission Officers ift-eluded), be employed for the Service of the Year 1743 $ The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for Ih. Y«, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severalfy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-triorfOW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

16 Geo. II

io° Decembris.

Mercurii,8d Decembris;

Anno i6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 174a.

Prayers.

T.H E Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of and Means. the wj10je House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House# That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will* upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Caromittee *f Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Privileges# tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 90 die Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

HockcEffe, C IR John Cliester reported from the Committee, to lie.Roads. O whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tick-ford- Bridge, in Newport-Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; was referred, That the Committee had examined" the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of this Petition, the said Act of Parliament, passed in the First: Year of his present Majesty, was produced to the Committee, and Part thereof was read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted, and made payable, for 21 Years, from the 24th of June 1728.

Then Mr. Thomas Cawne, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are Twelve Miles in Length, and are now in tolerable good Repair, but cannot be kept amended if the Tolls, collected for the future, are only applied towards discharging the Debt due upon the Credit of the present A<fl of Parliament, amounting in the Whole to £.2,001.5J. 4d. Part of which Money carries an Interest off. 5 per Cent; and the other Part, of £. 4 per Cent.

Aftd he produced an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls, collected by virtue of the said Act, from the Commencement thereof, to the 28th

of October 1742. — He further said, That if the Term be continued, the Trustees will be impowered to borrow a Sum of Money, at £. 4. per Cent, sufficient to discharge so much of the present Debt as carries £.5. per Cent. Interest; and will also be enabled to put in Execution such further Trusts as arereposed in them by the former Act,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fot the rtforeeffectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford- Bridge, in Newport-Pagnel, in the County of Bucks: And that Sir John Chefer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Burgoyne, and Sir Boteler Chernocke, do prepare, arid bring in, the . fatne.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred *adMeanfc to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of’fftis Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1743, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made of imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1743, to the 24th Day of June

1744- . . '

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought iri, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rufhout,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Screpe, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recovery of the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmau Debts: And Small Debt* that Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fere, and Mr.

Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfOW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 16- Georgii IF Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

ENERAL Wadepresented to the House, pursuant Ordnance V-X to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of Estimate. the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1743. — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz*

Vol. 24,

An

io° Decembris.

A. 1742.

An ESTIM ATE of the Charge ofttfie Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1743*

' ‘ ‘ . Land Service.

Ordinary.of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Pay of the marching Companies of Artillery, Salaries, and Incidents, with the Charge of ah Academy, for the Instruction of the unexperienced People belonging to this military Branch of this Office -The.Establjffiments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain -

The Pay of Engineers, sent to Georgia and South Carolina, Bahama-Islandsy Annapolis, Caufo, St. John's, and the Harbours in Newfoundland -

Pay of Officers who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flan-ders, Spain, and on several Expeditions, and are Superannuated

n-

Extraordinaries.

Tabards carrying on the Fortifications, Repairing of Storehouses, and supplying of Stores - ’- - -

Gibraltar

Mahon

Annapolis

Placentia

£- s. d.

47>774 2 6 ">574 5 5

1,460-----

411-----

i-

S. d.

10,000 -

10,000 —

2,000 ——

3,000-----

Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and other Attendants, with the Hire of Horse^ and Waggons for the Train of Artillery, in the Austrian Netherlands, from the 1AJanuary to the 31st December 1743 - - -....

Six Months Pay of Officers, Gunners, Engineers, Artificers, and Store Ships, to attend the Train of Artillery, on the Expedition in the IFeft Indies, to 30th June 1743 -Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness and Gillingham~Fort -Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth -Towards carrying on the Fortifications and Barracks at Fort-Augustus, in the Highlands of Scotland -

Two Hundred Tons of Salt-Petre -

Exceedings, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament. Towards building an Hospital, or Infirmary, and Huts, for the Use of his Majesty’s Land-Forces at Jamaica, pursuant to the Lords Justices Warrant, dated 9th September 1741 -

Ordnance and Stores sent to the Town and Port of Hajlings, for the Defence thereof, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, dated 20th February 1741 - -

Arms, Bedding, and Powder, sent to the Province of New York, for the Four Independent Companies of Fuziliers, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 30th June 1742 -

Towards the Charge of Ordnance and Stores, sent to the Island of Minorca, for the Security and Defence thereof, in case of a Siege, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 28th July 1742 -

Tents to the Horse Guards, and Horse Grenadier-Guards, Six Regiments of Dragoons, Three Battalions of Foot Guards, and Seventeen Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated 31st March, 7 th May, and 8 th June 1742 Arms to Four Regiments of Marines returned from Jamaica, Four of Foot from Ireland, also for One at Minorca, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, Three Troops of Horse Guards, and Horse Grenadier Guards, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 7th April, the 7th, 16th, and 26th, May, and 13th August, 1742 -

Towards the Charge of Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, Shot, Pontoons, and other Stores, for a Field and Battering Train sent to the Austrian Netherlands, with the Hire of Hcrfes and Waggons, Pay of Engineers, Staff-Officers, Artificers, and other Attendants, to 31st December 1742, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated the 29th; May9 17th August, 9th September, and 29th October, 1742 -

8,000-----

848 — 7 1,629 18 6

10,000 — —

4>6i3 5 —

12,957 9 4

61,219 7 11

25,000 —

28,511 — 9

11,306 18 6

3.000 -

5.000 -

2.000 -

io,6co — —

George IVade, Tho, Lascelles, Geo. Gregory.

W. R. Earle, A. Wilkinson,

60,000-----

98,048 13 5

244,686 — 7

Ordered, That the said Estimate’ do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

1 Bill? Mr. Francis Fane presented to the THouse, according

SpP^ties on* to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, ivjair, Sic. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of

*5

the Year 1743: And the same was received $ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Nicholas Robinson Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wotton BaJJ'et, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered,

Wotton

Ballet

Eledien.

16 Geo. II. io Decembris.357

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House (by his Hanoverian tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of Majesty’s Command), Lift of the Troops of Hanover, Troops, the said Petition. now.in Flanders^ including the General Officers and Train

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged of Artillery; together with their Pay. from examining into the Manner of signing the said And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Petition. The said Lift is as followeth; viz.

LIST of the Troops of Hanover, now in Flanders, including the General Officers and Train of Artillery;

together with their Pay.

General and Staff Officers.

The General and Commander in Chief....

Two Lieutenant-Generals, at 1750 Flo. each -Three Majors-Generals of the Horse, at 671 Flo. 16 St. 1 d. each -Four Majors-Generals of the Foot, at 671 Flo. 16 St. 1 d. each -Aid de Camp-General -

Ten Aids de Camp to the Generals, at 180 Flo. each - -

Two Majors of Brigade to the Horse, at 224 Flo. each -Two Majors of Brigade to the Foot, at 189 Flo. each -Four Aids de Camp of Brigade, at 80 Flo. each - \ -

Quarter-Master-General, with his 3 Assistants; viz.

1 Captain, 1 Lieutenant, and 1 Ensign -

Chief Auditor -

His Clerk ....

Two Secretaries to the General, and to the Staff-Officers, at FI. 310. 16 St.

Chaplain....

Chyrurgeon-General, with his Mates - -

Quarter-Master to the Staff Officers - . - -

Waggon-M after-General ..... ....

Provost ....

His Four Servants, at 21 F. - -

Serjeant of Justice - . - -

Executioner.....- . - -

His Four Servant?, at 21 F.

In 42 Days.

Guilders. St. d. 2,250-----

3>500 -

2,015 8 3

2,687 4 4

Si* —

1,800 — — 448 — —

378-----

320 — —

1,518 15 —

Si1 S —

35-----

621 12 —

150-----

235 18 —

102 4 —

75-----

84-----

84-----

21-----

42-----

84-----

Total -

17,514 11

7

Life Guards.

1 Colonel -

1 Lieutenant-Colonel -

1 Major - *' - -

2 Captains, at 500 F. each -1 Captain-Leu tenant

3 Lieutenants, at 230 F. each

1 Adjutant -

1 Chaplain 1 Quarter-Master i Auditor - -

1 Chyrurgeon-Major -

2 Surgeons Mates, at 70 F. each

12 Corporals, at 100 F. each - ..

1 Kettle-Drum - ..

4 Trumpeters, at 50 F. each -

1 Smith -

156 Private Gentlemen, at 55 F* each -1 Provost *)

1 Provost Servant J ~ ’ *'

192

27 Horses, for the Carriage of the Baggage, at 6 St. per Horses, for carrying the Tents, at 6 St. per Diem -

Recruiting-Money per Month - - - - 1

In 42 Days.

Diem

Total -

Guilders. St. d.

Is173 8 —

781 5 —

66l J -

1,000 — —

280-----

690 — —

15°-----

150-----

180 — —

120-----

140-----

I40 ——

1,200 — —

55-----

200-----

5*5 — <-

8,j 80-----

55-----

340 4

50 8

16,021 io

___5*5 —

16,546 10

Vol. 24<

4T

35 8 10° Decembris. A. 1742.

One Regiment of Horse. In 42 Day*.

Field and Staff Officers. 1 Colonel 393 *5 — Guilders. St.

One Regiment of 1 Lieutenant-Colonel - 131 5 "

Horse 1 Mayor * - - 105

1 Quarter Master - 1 Adjutant ... -1 Auditor ----- 180 100 — — I GO — — L

1 Chaplain ----- I CO —

1 Chyrurgeon-Major - - - 80

eonfifting of Six 1 Kettle-Drummer ----- 1 Trumpeter ----- 2 Surgeons Mates, at 36 Flo. - Provost and Servant - * - - One Troop. 1 Captain ' - - - -i Lieutenant - - - 35 *0 — 35 " — 72 40 1 ! 1 ... 1 1 400 — igO 1,4*2 10 —

T rdops. 1 Cornet - - - ' H5

1 Quarter-Master - - - - 80 —

3 Corporals, at 50 Flo. each - * - - 150 —

1 Trumpeter - 35

50 Troopers, at 28 Flo. each - -1 Clerk - " - - - 1,400 28

One Troop ----- 2,418 —

- - Five Troops more - - - - -Allowance for Recruiting, at 4,500 Flo. per Annum, 12,090 — — x. 14,508 — — 15,950 id ->- 517 16 244

being for One long Month of 42 Days Total One Regiment - > ej 1 . 16,448 6 244

Totil for Seven Regiments of Horse, consisting of Six . - 115,138 3 24?

Troops each - 1

One Regiment of Horse. In 42 Days.

Field and Staff Officers. 1 Colonel . 393 IS — Guilders. «S/. d.

One Regiment of 1 Lieytenant-Colonel ----- >31 5 —

Hortft 1 Major - ,05

. 1 Quarter-Master ----- 180 — —

1 Auditor - - - - 100 — —

1 Adjutant 400 — -r-

j Chaplain ' I50

..... 1 Chyrurgoon-Major 80 — —

. His Mates, at 36 Flo. each - - .144 — —

. .1 Kettle-Drummer - - - 35 —

- 4 Hautboys at 30 Flo. each 120 - — r.

— - - . Provost and Servant One Troop# 49 — — . f»57

confvfting of .1 Captain - - - 4Q0 — f.

-Eight Troops. 1 Lieutenant - - - - .180 — —

- .; 1 Cornet - 145 — —

2 Watch-Meefters, at 80 Flo. - l80 T —

— 1 Quarter-Master - - -r - - ' 80 — -e- (

1 4 Corporals, at 50 F. -2 Drummers, at 26 F. 200 -r- 52

e 75 Troopers, at at F. - - 2,100 -<-» *T- (

1 Clerk - - - - t r . - .28 — — '

One Troop -Total for the 8 Troops - 3-345 26,769':

Three 2d Lieutenants to the Three Field Officers Troops, at 180 Flo. 540 28,879 10 —

Recruiting Allowance, in proportion for One Regiment of Horse, of 6

Troops, whereof each Troop is, by 25 Troopers, stronger than those Regiments of 6 Troops, 9,130 F. per Annum, which makes, for One

long Month of 42 Days ----- 1,050 n — \

Total for One Regimlent - > 29*930 1 —

Total for the Four Regiments of Horse of 8 Troops - — — 119,720 6 —

f6<$EO. II

JJeambfm

One Battalion of Toot. In 42 Days.

One Battalion of; Foot j \ ! i i i Field and "Staff Officers, i Colonel - -i Lieutenant-Colonel - - I Major - - i - - t Quarter-Master - -i Adjutant - - - -i Auditor ----- i Chaplain ----- i Chyrurgeon-Major - - - 4 Surgeons Mates, at 25 F. 1 Drum-Major ----- 5 Fifers, at 14 F. Provost and ‘Semftt - 393 ‘5 — 131 5 — ' 105 150 — —: 9° 10O - — n;o 80: 100 20 7° ~ — 1 40 — — -Guilders. St. -J, *i43^ ,jJ-

1 I 1 confiding tif Sc- j ven Companies. One Company. 1 Captain , - - -1 Lieutenant - - . - - 1 Ensign ----- 2 Serjeants, at I4 F. - - . - 2 Subaltern?, at *24. 12. - - - - -4 Corporals, at 23^ 5y. 2 Drums, at 15. 10. -: -14 Gefreyts, at 14. 5. - 87 Private Men, at 12. c. -1 Clerk 3 Servants, at 8 F. - - ISO 70 60 — —; 48 49 4 — 93 ~i S‘ 1 199 10 — 1,065 >5 — , 2* — _ 24

Onfc Company Total for Seven Companies - -Recruiting-money, at 6,440 F. per Annum, being for C Days i,8l8 ib — 4. — w hie Month 6f 4a Ikv7&9il 741 — »3iF

Total for One Battalion 14,90b 13 —

Total for 13 Battalions of Foot . w m I93i7c8 9 —

i* iW'-m .7 . Artillery. In 4a Days.

The Staff. Guilders. Sr. d.

Colonel - - qi 1 r

Lie u tenant- Colonel - m . d7 J J iji c —

M^or - 10^ —

Chaplain - - - - 'm - - <* * . 1 I50 — —

150 — —

1 Adjutant - - — - a-. - . 90 — —

1 Auditor - - - - . to rep — ^4

1 C h y r urgeon- Major - . - - - i. -- 80

His Two Ma^ea, at 25 F. - - a. $0

Provost and Servant - - . ... 40 — —

Superin tendant of Artillery - - . 5° — —

Artillery-Clerk - - - - ’ , 50 —

Master-Carpenter - . - - - - W - . j 40 —

His Mate - - - - 20 —

Matter-Wheelwright - — «. - - w - , 4p — —

20 — —

His Two Mates, at 20 F. ... . .40 — m

Master-Sadler . - - - m «k . 40 — -

His Mate - i 20 — — -

Cooper - - W -: 2(J) ——

Two Armoyrers, at 40 F. - , - 80 — — ,

Their Mates,; at 20 F. 8© —

Total Staff to the Artillery - m m 1.830 — —

Vol. 24, ,t/J

Artillery

3#o

io° — 130 D.

Jr I 742.

Artillery.

One Company.

Colonel, as Captain - ....

1 Captain - -

2 Lieutenants, at 70 F. ——

2 Ensigns, at 60 F. - -

10 Gunners Officers, at 50 F.

10 Artificers, at 40 F. -

3 Serjeants, at 30 F. - - - - - '

70 Matrofies, at 21 F. 4

2 Drummers, at 21 F. - -

Total One Company -

The Lieutenant-Colonel’s Company - -

The Major’s Company ——

Total for 3 Companies 7

The Staff -

Nine Waggons ——

Total for Artillery -

More to 3 Engineer Ensigns, at 68 F. per Month -

In all. Artillery -

War-Office, December 10th, 1742.

Will. Yongt.

In 4a Days.

Guilders. St. d. ~ 150-----

150-----

,4o-----

120 — —

coo ——

400 — —

90-----

1,470-----

42-----

3.062 -

3.062 -

3.062 -

9>i86-----

1,830 — — 615 8 4

11,631 8 4

204 -

113835 8 4

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committese.of the whole House, to whom it is referred to con- -fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself-into a Committee-of the whole House, to _ consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 31 ft Day of August, to the 2jth Day of December, 1742, "being 117 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftmiate of the Charge of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1742 to the 25th Day of December 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Hessian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th December 1742 to the 25th of December 1743, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- -mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had-directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the^Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven--flight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee J Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privilege*, tions be adjourned.1 -

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 130 die Decembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Pr A YERS.

SIR John Chester presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term And Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Wcbvrn to ridge, in Newport P ague I, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received j and read the First jt^mer . -

Resolved) Tha*t"the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of Westmore-landr and North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,1 That the High Road over Stainmore, leading from Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Brough, in the County of Westmoreland, being the Post-road f rom London to Carltjle, Appleby, Penrith, Cocker mouth, Whitehaven, and a great many other trading Towns; and also being the nearest Road to the Western Parts of Scotland ', is almost rendered unpaflable for Coaches and Carriages; and the Packets, Mails, and Posts, are frequently hindered in the said Road; and that the ordinary Courses appointed by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm, are not sufficient for the effectual Repairing thereof, for that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said Road lies, are not able to repair the fame, without some Help by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike, or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think-fit, to collect a Toll in some Part or Parts of the said Roads, as may. be most convenient, that the same may be speedily amended, and kept in good Repair,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committees And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Yorke, Sir Jof Pennington, Dr. Lee, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Rolle, Dr. Butler, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Bance, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Selwyn,- Mr, Pitt, Mr, Armdell,'Mr.

Lifter,

HocklHfci

&C.

Rwd.

i6 Geo. II. 13 0 361

.Lifter, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Walker, son of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Bohlyn, Lord Perceval, Mr. Ca- the same become so very ruinous and bad, that Coaches rew, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas G/ynne, Lord Bulkeley, and Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass and repass,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Grant, Sir iV. Williams, Sir Thomas in the Winter Season, without great Danger; and that Ho by, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harley 5 and all the Members who the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Method appointed ,serve for the Counties of 7'ork, WeJhnoreland,?LZ\d Cumber- by the Laws of this Realm for repairing the Highways of land\ and for North Britain: And they are to meet this this Kingdom, be effectually amended and kept in Re-Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: pair, unless forne other Provision be made by Parliament;

And have Power to fehd for Persons, Papers, and Records, for raising Money, to be applied for that Purpose: And

therefore praying the House to order a Bill to be brought Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison at in, for raising Money to be laid out and applied for the Petition, llchester, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of them- Reparation of the aforesaid Roads, as to the House shall -selves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the fe- seem meet.

veral Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine praying Relief. the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham,

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Edward Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Torke, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Key hoe, William Glascock, James Branard, and Francis Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Crawley, Mr.

Eden, did, upon the Eleventh Day of July last, endeavour Carew, LordN Somerset, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Frankland, to make a forcible Entry into the House of Sir Watkin Dr. Cotes, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Carew, Mr. Brereton,

Williams Wynne Baronet, a Member of this House, in Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Periam, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Tho-Downing-street, Westminster, and did then and there assault mas Drury, Sir John Bruce, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Come-Edward Flemming, Porter to the said Member, in Breach wall, Mr. Whitmore, Lord S. Beauclerky Sir James Grant, of the Privilege of this House. Mr. Gorey Mr. Rowney, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nevjfham;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee.of Pri- and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Glou-vileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said cester, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion Afternoon'at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-thereupon, to the House. ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Alhton A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an

Indufoie Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Downs Mr. Francis F/Ihe, according to Order, reported from Supply and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Ashion Tirrold, in the County of Berks, was read a Se- ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his cond time. Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord S. Beau- report to the House; which he read in his Place; and clerk, Mr. Carew, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Alderman Lambert, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Perceval, Dr. Lee, Mr. Shep- same were read; and are as followeth; viz. heard Sir JoJ\ Pennington, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

N. Curzon, Lord Granard, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Done- That the Sum of Two hundred Sixty-five thousand One raile, Mr. Finch, Sir John Barring:on, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. - hundred Ninety-one Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence Hooper, Mr. Lechmere, Dr. Butler, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Mr. Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Brereton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Charge of Five thousand Five hundred and Thirteen Long, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. York, Horse, and Ten thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Sir John Glynne, Lord Strange, Mr. Watson, Lord Quay- Foot, of the Troops of Hanover, together with the Ge-rendon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Proivfe, Sir John Chester, Mr. neral Officers and the Train of Artillery, in the Pay of Fellows; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Great Britain, from the 31st Day of August, to the 25th of Berks, Oxon, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Day of December, 1742, both inclusive.

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Three hundred Ninety-two thousand Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Six hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Duties on Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying Malr, & c. England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties the Charge of the said Troops from the 26th Day of De~ upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of cember 1742, to the 25th Day of December 1743, both Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year inclusive.

One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, was read Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, a Second time. That the Sum of One hundred Sixty-one thousand Six

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying of the whole House. the Charge of One thousand Two hundred and Sixty-four

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Horse, and Four thousand Nine hundred and Eight Foot, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as the said Bill. Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain,

from the 26th Day of December to the 25th Day Shepherd’s A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bishops of December 1743, both inclusive.

Shord, &c. Cannings, Avebury, and other adjacent Parishes; and also The First Resolution of the Committee being.read a Roads. the Polt-masters and Waggoners; in the County of Wilts', Second time;

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That And a Motion being made, and the Question being the Hoads leading from Shepherds Shord, in the said Parish proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee *of B if hops Cannings, through the Villages of Beckhampton, in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Two hundred West Rennet, Overton, Lockridge, Fiefield, Clatford, Sixty-five thousand One hundred Ninety-one Pounds Six , Manton; and Presftiet; and also the Road leading from Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, be granted to his Ma-Beckhampton to the Catherine Wheel s Avebury ;* and the jesty, for defraying the Charge of Five thousand Five Road leading from the Hare and Hounds at Beckhampton, hundred and Thirteen Horse, and Ten thousand Seven adjoining to the Crols-road that leads to Avebury, to the hundred and Fifty-five Foot, of the Troops of FLanover,

Top of Cherel Hill, in the County aforesaid; are, by rea- together with the General Officers and the Train of Artil-

.,) Vol. 24. - 4 4 Z iery,

S&a i3° — H"

lery, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 31 ft Day of An* to the 25th Day of December, 1742, both inclusive:

An Amendment Was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by deduSingfrom the Sum therein mentioned the Sum of One hundred Thirty-nine thousand Three hundred and Thirteen Pounds Five Shillings, being the Sum demanded for Levy-money for the said Troops of Hanover:

And, in order to make such Amendment, it was proposed, in the First place, to leave out, after the Word " of," and before the Word " hundred," the Word M Two and to insert the Word " One" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word <c Two" stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the } 23°-

Te».nfor,h«N}.77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put ‘thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-Privileges. tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 140 die Dece?nbris;

Anno 160 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Committees.. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Westminster Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac-Abbey. COunt shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been disposed of.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to CS °n re^ve mt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon &c* the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1743, be now read:

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an InstruSion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruSion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-red, That the Deficiency, which shall be on the 23th Day of March 1743, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1741, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1743.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Petition from The House was moved, That the Petition of William acttftSyin ^or^er' now a ^r^oner Majesty’s Gaol of New-

Decembris. A. 1742%

gate, which was presented to this House upon Monday the 6th Day of this instant December, and then read, and ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said William For iff er, committed Prisoner by this House to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate on the 29th Day of November last, be brought to’the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Boone, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Alder- Shepherds man Heathcote, Mr. Wm. Finch, Mr. John Finch, Lord Shord, &c.

H. Powlett, Mr. Cooke, Mr. H. Finch, Sir H. Smythfon, Roa<k* t

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bishops Cannings, Avebury, and other adjacent Parishes; and also the Post-masters and Waggoners; in the County of Wilts; is referred* r

A Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Harlow BuA Peace for the County of Essex, whose Names are there- Road*# unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Biifh Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in 1

the County of Essex; and also of several other Gentle-' j

men, and principal Inhabitants, dwelling and residing in

and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie ]b

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Jj;

several Tolls were granted and made payable by the said y.

Act, for amending the said Roads, for the Term of i

Twenty-one Years; and that the Petitioners, appointed 1

for putting the said Act in Execution, finding the said Roads very ruinous at the Time of passing the said Act, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls (as they were impowered by the said Act to do), in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected for repairing the said Roads, have been duly laid out, according to the Directions of the said Act; and4hat the Money now due cannot, during the subsisting Term, be repaid, and the Roads kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers, by the said Act granted, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terra and Powers of the said former Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine 7

the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir R.obert Abdy, Mr. Bramston,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Torke, Sir Roger Lwifden,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir Roger Neiodigate, Mr. Grenville, Mr.'

Ranee, Mr. P ley dell. Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Thitrfby, ’

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Philipps,

Mr. Pryfe, Colonel Bladen, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Lcimle,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Loathes, Mr. Rennet, Mr.

Pratt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward 'Turner, Mr.

Southwell, Sir James Grant, Lord Strange, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Foley, Sir Roteler Ckarnccke, Sir John HynJe Cotton,

Mr. Dawkins, Sir John Chester, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Edwin, Drj Cotes,

Mr. Hill, Lord Perceval, Mr. Laroche, Lord Doner ail,

.Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Watford\ Mr. Rankes, Lord Hi I If bo- ' rough, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Come wall, Mr.. Walter, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Fenwick; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Middlesex, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The cither Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Cali of the House be further ad- Call of the joumed to Tuesday the 18th Day of Januarynext. Home.

And

A Perfott reprimanded.

Westminfte*

Abbey.

Borough-bridge tP Catherick Road.

v-

t6 Geo. II.

*4 — 15°

Decembris.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15° die Decembris; -

Anno i6° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

T/WIL LIAM Forifier was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to bedischarged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed, That Mr. Owen Davies, from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster* hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace met at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held at Thirsk, for the North Riding of the County of York, the 5th Day of October 1742; and also of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, within the said Riding, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred, Tljat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;.and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Willey Reveley Esquire: Who said. That the Road from Borougk-briage to the Town of North Allerton is a Riff Clay, and, in Winter Season, in so ruinous a Condition, as to be dangerous for Persons to travel either on Horse-back or in Coaches: That there is a Causeway for Horse-men, but that not above Three Foot wide, and oftentimes so broken up and ruinous, as even to be dangerous to Passengers on Horseback:

That the Road from the Town of North Allerton to the Passage over the River *7'ees, opposite to the Town of Neefham, is in a more ruinous Condition than the former Road; and that, by the Laws now in Force, neither of the said Roads can be effectually amended, no Materials lying near many Parts thereof.

Mr. Charles Grey, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Willey Reveley.

Mr. Geo. Lodge, being examined said. That the Road from Borough-bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Piers-bridge, is in a bad and ruinous Condition, as he found, when he travelled the same in October last, after a little Rain, and dangerous for Persons to travel; the Badness thereof being occasioned, as he apprehended, by the Number of Scotch Cattle frequently passing thereon: That he has seen the Inhabitants, at present obliged by Statute to repair the said Road, endeavouring to amend the fame; at which time they have complained to him, that it could not be effectually done without the further Aid of Parliament.

He further said. That many Carriagespafs on that Road with Coals; and, could the feme be effectually repaired, it would be of great Advantage to that Branch of Trade.

Mr. Thomas Thompson, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. George Lodge.

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road from Borough bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Piers-bridge on the River Tees:

And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Wilkin -/on, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Aijlabie, and Mr. John Yorke, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Borough- repairing the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the Town of North Allerton, and from thence to a Ford, dr ton Road/*" Passage, over the River Tees, in the North Riding of the County of York, opposite to the Town of Neesham, in the County Palatine of Durham: And that Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Frankland, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Aijlabie, and Mr. John Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Ramsden reported from the Committee, to Rowe* Road, whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Geritle-men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of

Westmoreland, and North Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Thomas Hutchinson, Mr. James Wharton, and Mr.

William Dent, being severally examined, said. That the Road leading from Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Brough, in the County of Westmor e-land, about Thirteen Miles in Length, is the Post Road from London to the several Trading Towns mentioned in the Petition; and is the nearest Road to the Western Parts of Scotland; and that the Road is, in many Parts, so very ruinous, that it is dangerous for Coaches and Carriages to travel through the same:

And also they said, That great Part of the Road leads over a Moor, called Stainmore, which is a barren Country, and but few Inhabitants live thereabouts; which Inhabitants are not able to repair the fame, as the Law requires: r

And they added to their Evidence, that the Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Bowes, over Stain-more, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Brough, in the County of Westmor eland: And that Sir John Ramsden, Sir Joseph Pennington, Sir Philip Muf-grave, Mr. Wilson, and Sir James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties on continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, Malt» &c* in that Part of Great Britain called England 5 and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was committed, the Amendments, which the.Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouraging the better Preservation of Fiffi and Game, by encouraging EeAruftion

the of Verm, D*

Diait'zedh'

3

the Destruction of Vermin: And that Mr. Bennet, Mr. Clive, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Wilkinson, and Sir Thomas Drury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, without any Amendment: And also,

Viators*, Sec, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Daniel Vialars and Peter Thomegay, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition from A Petition of Stephen Sherlock was presented to the a Person in House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for having in-in Custody. curre(j the Displeasure of the House: And praying to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Sherlock, committed Prisoner by this House to his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate on Monday the 6th Day of this instant December, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Decembris. ^.1742.

" Son of Claude Lagier Lamotte by Mary his Wife, born " at Geneva

L. 19. Leave out the First <c and, " and after " Thomegayinfert " Francis Chnfj'ereau, John Lewis " Demarin, and Daniel Lagier Lamotte

L. 31. Leave out " and, ’* and after <£ Thomegay" insert " Francis Chajfereau, John Lewis Demarin, and Daniel Lagier Lamotte

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out " and, *' and after " Thome-<f gay" insert iC Francis Chajjereau, John Lewis Dema-

" rin, and Daniel Lagier Lamotte

L. 28. Leave out "and," and after <c Thome-"gay" insert " Francis Chajjereau, John Lewis Demarin, and Daniel Lagier Lamotte In the Tide of the Bill,

L. 3. Leave out " and, " and, at the End of the Title, add " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon;-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last, for Supply, the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be discharged.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-and Means, vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Decembris;

Anno i6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

A Person CTEPHEN Sherlock was, according to Order,

reprimanded. brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees,

received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Supply Bill; An ingrossod Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Duties on Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain Malt, &c. called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

... . , The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

KNat. C* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Vialars anu Peter Thome-gay:

And the said Amendments were read; and areasfolloweth *, viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. Leave out u and:"

L. 8. After " GenevainfertC£ Francis ChaJJereau. Son of James Chajjereau by Mariana his Wife, " born at Niort, in Poitou, in France; John Lewis Demar in, Son of Abraham Demarin by Margaret his " Wife, born at Geneva; and Daniel Lagier Larpotte9>

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesclay *he Ditto.

12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Lord Perceval, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hay, Aftiton Air. Carew, Sir Joseph Pennington, Lord Strange, Mr. Tirr°ld Phillips, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Fel- llC0 * lowes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Downs and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Ashton Tir-rold, in the County of Berks, is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wefilow the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. ' Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, otherwise Wefllow, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, was presented to the Abbey. House, and read; setting forth, That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the First Dean and Chapter unfinished, and, by Length of Time* and Badnefsof Materials, became so decayed and ruinous, that in the Eighth and Ninth cf William the Third, in regard of its being of antient and royal Foundation, an annual Sum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted by Parliament towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of 1 the King’s Bench, and the Dean of Westminster, who were appointed Commissioner3 for that Purpose: And that, by an Act passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, die Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted to the said Commissioners towards repairing and finiftting the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels of the same; and, in order to the finishing thereof, as directed by Parliament, Sir Chiiflcphcr Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Design of erecting a Spire on the middle Tower; a Model of which he then prepared, and a Draught of which* with the rell of the intended Building, has been

laid

1

4

16 Geo. II. i6° — 2i° Decembris. 36$

laid before the House: And that/ byfeveral ACtspaffed said Roads; and that the Parishes seldom escape a Year in the Reign of his present Majesty, several Sums of Four without being indicted 1 And the Wtfness also said* That thousand Pounds have been issued and applied towards if the Parishioness of the several Parishes were to do and carrying on the said Work; and a considerable Progress raise twice.as machfas they are obliged to4 do and raise by has been made therein; and an Account how the Money Law, the Road could not be effectually aqiended: has been expended, has been annually laid before this That the, upper and.lower Roads are so bad, parti cu-

House; and that, to facilitate the said Repairs, Two of larly in the Winter Season, in a Lape in the upper Road the Prebendal Houses, and Three Leasehold Tenements, leading from the Cross-way at Beckhampton to the further lately standing in St Margaret's Church-yard, have been EndofAvebury, towards Green streetithat the Waggoriers taken down, and thereby the whole North Side of the have oftentimes;been obliged to hire Horses *x.;Gherkitt$ Church, from the North to the West Gate, has been aadjputFour or Five additional Horses to their Waggons* laid open; but that the Monies already granted being to.draw them oyer the Downs; which: additional Hoffes, near expended, the said Works will soon be at a Stand; on Return of the Waggons, have met them at Btckkampk and submitting the same to the Consideration of the ton, to draw, the Wagonsto Chethill; and the Ifiha-House; acknowledging the Favours already conferred on bitants of Avebury Parish, knocwing. t^e Roads not to be the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present as ;by palfable for Carriages without such additional Strength, former Parliaments: And praying for the Continuance did not attempt to take off any of the additional Horses, as f.,v of them. they might legally-do, hut have often taken the Horses.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s out of the1 Ploughs, to help to draw the Waggons out of Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty the Sloughs, and demanded no Consideration; for the having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti- same; fearing the y (houId be indicted by. reason of the’ lion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. Badness of the Roads.

A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-je%,' '

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 44-

: Tellers for the Noes,^Banckes.'

So it was *pfolved in the Affirmative.

Bowes Sir John Ramsden presented to the House, according to Road. Order, a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Bowes, over Stainmore, in the North Riding of the County of York, to 1Brough, in the County of Westmoreland: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Shepherd# Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom Shord, fcc. the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Bishops Roads. Cannings, Avebury, and other adjacent Parishes; and all'o

the Post-masters and Waggoners; in the County of Wilts*, was, referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners called

Thomas Smith Esquire: Who being examined, said, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition, are Part of the great Road leading from London to Bath, and other considerable Trading Towns in the Western Part of the Kingdom; which, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are become so very ruinous and bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass and repass in the Winter Season without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course and Method appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless some Provision be made for railing Money, to be laid out and applied for that Purpose.

And the same Witness further said, That although the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Avebury and Bishops Can-nings, through which the Roads desired to be repaired lead, have constantly done their Statute-work, and raised Nine Pence in the Pound, and laid out the same in repairing and amending the said Roads; yet the same Parishes have been several times indicted on Account of the Bad-ness of their Highways; and that the Parish of Avebury has been fined £. ioo, and the Parish of Bishops Cannings £. 30} both which Sums were laid out in Rqiair of the V01. 24.

; Mr. Walter Gilmour, Post-master of Marlborough, being examined, confirmed the aforfesaid Evidence, as to the Jkdness of the Roadt And he said, he is the Owner of tTwo Post-chaises.; and.that, in WiaterTime, the Roadis 4fo deep between Sandy Lane and Marlborough, that he ha£ been Six Hours/in Driving of the fame, although\ltiiii but Six M iles; and that he has known the Mail fdmetim'ds loft on the Road, by/ reason of the Badness thereof: Arid he also said, That if a Turnpike was erected, and the Road repaired from Shepherds Shord, through Kennet to Maryborough; which, Road is uied for Waggons and Pack-,

;horses, and is One Mile and Half nearer from Shepherds -Shord to Marlborough, than the higher Road is.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bril for repairing the Road leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord; and fronV the Hare -.3

' and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Hill? , f

and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beck9 hampton; in the County of Wilts: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Pbphafa do prepare, and bring in, the fame. .,

: . - And then the House adjourned till Tuefdajf Morning next. Nine of the Clock. _ v

- ----- — - — Um; N — r, Ui.U — I

Martis, 2i° die Decembris;

Anno i6° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742^ O- ,

Prayers. ' ' , n.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant si Andrews, " to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Sec. Writ. ’ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve irf this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of St. Andrew's,

Berth, Dundee, Coupar, and Forfar, in the room of John Drummond Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Honourable John Spencer Esquire, screat Lord of the Manor of Newbolt/e Grove, otherwise No Brinetoa bottle Grove, in the County of Northampton; of William . nc <*ore' Mayo Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Great Brington; and of the several Owners of Lands lying in the common Fields of Great Brington and Little Brington, within the Parish of Great Brington, in the said County of Northampton, being Parcel of the said Manor of Nezv-bottle Grove, otherwise Nobottle Grove, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the several Lands of the respective Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in the said common Fields; which, by Experience, has been found detrimental and inconvenient to such Proprietors; and the said common Fields, so long as the same remain open and uninclosed, are incapable ot Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in 5 A ‘ a Bill

*Diaitizfid hv

7,66

210 Decembris.

A. 1742.

a BlH fof dividing stiid flielofing; thd feidcdftsmori Fields iii ftifch Mkfiher is let the Hduft fhfcli ftefH meet. OrdWtd, That Ltutti be gives to bfiwg \ti a Sill fat r and irtclosing Certain corilrtiDn Fields within the

Parish df Great Brihgton, in the County of Northampton; And that Mr. Hntfie Campbell and Mi*. Thomas Gore do jfrepai-cj and bring in* the fame*

Annan. See. ' Ordered, That Mf; Speaker dti issuehrs Warrant td Writ. the-Clerk of the Crowh; to make out a new Writ, for the EleSHng 6f a Cdmffiiflkmdr to fern in this preterit Parliament for Hie District of But^hs of Annan, 'Dumfries} Kirkcudbright, Lochmaben, and Sanquhir, in the room of the Right Honourable Jvhnjtch Esqulte, cornmbrtly called Lord John Jahnsion, defceased.

Bowes ..A ©iH For repairing ’ the High Road leading frbrh

Hoad. BSzvhj, over Stainmore, in Hie North Riding of the County of York, tb Brough, in the County of WeJlmove* lartd, Was read a Second tinie. - . !

iRe/ohred) That the Bill hi committed to Sir John Ramsden, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Jef. Pentiingtoh, ;Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Yarke, Mr. Vert, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Robert Fenwick, Mr. Hilton, Brigadier Howard, Lord Ad vbcote 6f Scotland, Colonel IxghMi,

SibrH. Liddell, Mr. ShuUkivtirth, Mr. J. Shuttleworth, Sir H. Smythfon, Mr. Vhite, Sir Wrh^ Corbett, Mr* Steele, Sir James Grant, Lord S. Beauckfk, Mr. Finchs Lord Perceval, Mh ‘Sydenham, Brigkdiet Onslow,. Mx. strhk Pitt, Mr. Phillips Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fbnereau, Mr. Grdy, Mr. Foley, > 'Mr. Lumley, Mr. McLeod, Lord Geo. Graham, 'Sir & evicts Ba/hwood, Mr. Ovd, Mr. Sekuyn, - Mr. Cooke, Mt. Spacer*, and all the Members who-serve for the Counties of Wdftmdr eland, Tdj'k, hhd QumberlmeL; and for North Britain: And they are to ftiee't this A<fret-irio6n;[at Five of the ‘Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dr.Chspman Ordered, That the 'Reverend potior John Chapman tte to preach, on ^fe’firefcJ to preach before this tifdufe at SI. Margaret's, 51 January. W^mihjltr, up&[\*Monday the 31'ft Day of January next:

*ftiat mv. foKnPYtt,‘the Lore! Sidney Beauclerk, arid jBiigi^ier General‘(5^/7ojy, ftp acquaint him ‘therewith.

Mr. Comptroller ‘preferitecl lfo the House, according ¥ to Order, a Bill r for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge so (^th crick, and 'from thence to Piers-bridge, on*the River Tees': Ariel The same was received; -and read the First time.' -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

-A

Mr. Frankland presented to the House, according to Order, a. Bill for repahihghhe ‘Road leading from Borough-bridge to the Town of North Allerton; and from thence to a Ford, or Passage, over the-River Tees, in the North Rising of the County of York, opposite to the Towri of Neesham, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the fddie was received; and read the First time.

That the Bill be read a Second time.

Spirit

Licences.

Borough-bridge to Catberick Road.

Borough-bridge to North Aller* ten Road.

AMeffagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed'to thei Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for Continuing the Duties upon Malt/Mum, Cyder, and Male, Ac. £etryJ |n that Part of Great Britain called England; and 'for.granting1 to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain Called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

Bockholt’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing John Bockholt: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. 1

And then the Mefferigers withdrew.

Duty on Ordered, That the . proper Officer or Officets do lay

Spirits, before this House, an Account of the Produce of Twenty

ao

Shillings a Gallon of! Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by act Act of the Ninth Year of His Reign.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce arisen yearly, by granting Licences for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Prosecutians befofe this House, the Number of Prosecutiorwthat have under the been carried on against Offenders in retailing Liquors Licence Aa contrary to the Act of the Ninth Year of his Majesty’a Reign 1 and what has been recovered, and paid into the Exchequer* on such Prosecutions.

Mr. Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to their Surplus Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses stated at Lady-day 1742: And also,

Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1742. w

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.;

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Tferm and Powers granted by ah Hockliffe, Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present &c.Roadi. Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the Odunty of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading thfotigh Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Viewport Pagnel, in the County of Bucki; was read a Second’time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden*

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Carnewall, Mr* Hooper, Mr, Sydenham,

Mr. Price, Mr* MlKenttie, Mr. Foncremc, Dr. Lee, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bayntun Ro/t, Mr. Walker, Sir Charles Gilmour, Lord Doneraik, Mr. S'ehvyn, Mr. Vere,

Mr. Hvblyn, Mr. Southwell, Sir James Lowther, Lord i'Fermamiah, Mr. Frankland, Sir W* W. Wime, Sir Robert Ling; Dr. Newland, Sir John Chester, Sir John H.

Cotton, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir James Grant, Mr. Win-ford, Sir Edzv. Beering, Lord Guentfey, Lord Bulkelej,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Cooke, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mellish, Sir Jac. Bouverie, Mr. Cart-wriglyt, Mr. Packer, Mr. Carew, Lord Strange, Lord Geo. Grnhatn, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir H. Smythfon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Clive, Mr. Colebrooke, Dr. Cutes, Mr.

Oswald, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hayzvard; and all the Members who serve for the'Counties of Bedford and Bucks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, nn the Speaker’s Chamber.

The 'Lord Sidney Beauclerk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Downs and common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of Ashton Tirrold, in the County of Berks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committed had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several .‘Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the ‘Prisoners in his Majesty’s Trifon'of the Fleet, to the Number of Five hundred and upwards, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confitred 'for-Debt in the several Prisons of this ‘Kingdom, was preferited to the House, and read; complaining of their -Distress;-'And praying Relief.

Ordered,

Afliton

Tirrold

Inciosure.

Debtors

Petition.

Difitizei

%6 Geo. II. 2i° Deeendms. — iq°

3«7

Ordered, That the said Petition <jta Cftupon the Table.

T. ' , *1)

Eleaioit Ordered* Nemine contradieente, That Leave be given inScotbaah to brir^g in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections: And that Mr. Scotland the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

County Ordered^ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Elections, explain and amend the Laws touching the EJeftions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning-Offi-. cers at such Elections: And that Mr. Carew, Sir Watksn Williams lVynne> and Mr. Cornewall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

City, Ice. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or

Elections. Bills to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elec-tionrof Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, and Sir Wit kin Williams Wynney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Royal AiTent A MefTage from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bill* Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at-tendiris Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, we, nt up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers;

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two public Bills, and Ond private Bill; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred And Forty-three: An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to, his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Sc&tland* for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three:

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Vialars, Peter Thome-gay 9 and others.

The King’s Mr. Speaker also reported. That his Majesty was af-Speech. tCTw^rds pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, ;Mr. Speaker tsaid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; Which he read to the House; and is as followed; -viz.

My Lords -and Gentlemen,

I am very glad of the Occasion, which my coming hither atrthis Time gives me.of expressing to you the greatSatisfaction J take.ip seeing^ gpod a Proofs already made in the Buflne.fe of this Seftipa.

dci]^Mio£rthe HoiifiMtf QcwwlOtt,; O'. r»A . Thqlleadiaefs and Dispatch with which you have thus early provided so considerable a Part of the Supplies for the ensuing Year, defejye my pajtiouk*; audsl

make no doubt, but the.femei fer thft^mcyn Cause, will ipdvee yqu to enable me \o coflf$tt proper Measures, and to enter inco^ or make and Engagements with othexi Powers, as my b^eec^gry for the Support of the Queemtf tyflgoiy* and, feftojjlg the Balance of Power,

My Lords and Gentlemen* v; :S

I look upon this good Beginning as a sure Pledge of your Steadthefc in pursuing the tnie Interest of Great Britain; which is, and ever shall be, my only View.

Resolved, Nemine contradieente, That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to his Majesty, to return the most the King’s bumble Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his Spccch* Majesty’s most gracious Speech this Day made from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council. ——

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, Way* for the House to resolve' itfijlf into a Committee of Jhe tnd whole House To-morjpw, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to jiis Majesty, be discharged. ': ‘ ~ ’ ' T

Resolved, That this Ifpufe will, upon Wednesday^ t]be Ditto. 12th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of y^ay^and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday the Tenth Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lung) 10° die Januarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That a Person from the Commissioners of Xhe Excise attended a* the Doprj He yras.calkd in; and, at jthe Bar, presented to t^he House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of Twenty Shillings a Gal- ^ut7. on Ion on spintuous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an pir, ts* Ad of the Ninth Year of his Reign; And also,

An Account of the Produce arisen yearly, by granting Spirit Licences for the Retailing of spirituousLiquors: And also, Licences.

An Account of the N umber of Prosecutions that have Prosecutions been carried on against Offenders in retailing Liquors under contrary to the Act of the Nipth )for of ,his Majesty’s Llccncc Reign; and what has been recovered, and p^d jfita the Exchequer, on such Prpfecutioqs.

And then i\e withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account^ were read*

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

' Ao

r>

36*

to0

A. 1744

An ACCOUNT of the 'Produce of Twenty Shillings a Gallon on spirituousLiquors, granted to his Majesty by an: " Act of the 9th Year of his Reign.

From 29th September 1736 to 2:4th June iy jj From 24th June 1737 to 24th June 1738 From 24th June 1738 to 24th June 1739. From 24th June 1739 to 24th June 1746 ' From 24th June 1740 to 24th June 1741; From 24th June 1741 to 24th June 1742 . '

Excise-Office, 10th January 1742.

£< d. 43 a 6 ’ 29 10 —

- 213 6 xof

- 161 10 7f

- 4418 9

- 3? n6

53? 6 3

Valent Crnyn, Accomptant-General.

Cha.Polhill9 J.Fowle,

7*. Vernon,

H. Townjhcndi tt'rru Burton, J. Orlebar, Aug. Earle, Z). PaftUon.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce arisen yearly, by granting Licences for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors.

‘ ' ,; ' ‘ , . \ ' " £' S. d.

From 29th September 1736 to 24th June 1737 - ‘ -

From 24th, June 1737 to 24th June 1738 - - - . -

From 24th June 1738 to 24th June 1739 - - - - '

From 24th June 1739 to 24th June 1740 -

From 24th June 1.740 to 24th June 1741 ——

From24th June 1741 to 24th June 1742 ‘‘ V - 7 . .7

100 ,

35° — — '

lS° — — .

156 — 150 — — loo- —

excise-Office, 10th January 1742.

Valens Comyn} Accomptant-Geperal.

1,000 j — —

Cha. Polhiir>:t J. Fowle,

Ja. Vernan,

- — H. Townjhendy Wm. Burton, J. Orlebar, Aug. Earley D. P dpi I Ion.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Prosecutions that have been carried on against Offenders in retailing Liquor* contrary to the Act of the 9th Year of his Majesty’s Reign; and what has been recovered, and paid into the Exchequer, on such Prosecutions. ~

m luui a / vvr 1.1^111 ID

From 24th 7«»e 1737 to 24th 1738 -From 24th 1738 to 24th 7«»* 1739 - From 24th June 1739 to 24th June 1740 -From 24th June 1740 40 24th June 1741 -From 24th June 1741 to 24th 1741

Number of

Persons Fines recovered.

F convicted.

£ s. d.

- - 416 2,400 13 9

- -f 7 - 416 2,604 I9 114

- -; - - - 272 1,603 l6

- - i73 600 l8 I

- - - - 208 866 3 1i

- - - - i57 748 14 7

1,64a 8,825 6 4

Note, That no Part of these Fines hath been paid into the Exchequer; the Whole having been expended in Payment, of the Informers Part, and Charges, and in Rewards to Informers against Persons incurring the pecuniary Penalties, who were not able to pay the same; but, in lieu thereof, were sent to the House of Correction.

Excise-Office, 10th January 1742.

Valens Comyn, Accoraptant-General*

Cha. Polhill, 7. Fowle,

Ja. Vernon,

H. Townshend, Wm. Burton, 7 Orlebar, Aug. Earle, D. Papillon.

Ordered,

Warminster

Roads.

Bethnal Green Parish, See.

16 Geo. II.

io° Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wiltj, was presented to the House, artd read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable for the Term therein mentioned, for repairing the said several Roads; and the Trustees, impowered to put the said Act in Execution, finding the said Roads in a ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected, hath been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions of the said Act: That the Petitioners find the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, cannot, during the Continuance thereof, be repaid, and all Parts of the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the future, unless the Term and Powers granted and given by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, by the before-mentioned Act granted and given, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carew, Lord Perceval, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Stert, Lord Limerick, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Strickland, Mr. H. Fox, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Earle, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Buck, Sir Join Ramsden, Sir H. Smith-Jon, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Shippen, Sir N. Williams, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Pi If worth, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kent, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Mr. Prowse, Sir Wm. Carezv, Mr. Packer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Saville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Periam, Mr. Hobfyn, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Berry, Mr. Winford, Mr. Hopton, Mr. J'homas Gore, Mr. Henry Courtenay, Mr. Carter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hill, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Brereton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, Hants, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish of Stepney consists of Five Hamlets, of which the Hamlet of Bethnal Green is One; which Hamlet is a large Part of the said Parish, and contains above Eighteen hundred Houses, wherein are more than Fifteeji thousand Souls, and the most populous Part of the said Hamlet, is distant, at least. Two Miles from the Parish Church of Stepney; which Church is not near large enough to receive the Parishioners of the said Parish, that are desirous to resort thither to hear Divine Service; and that there is no public Chapel, or Place for Divine Worship, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, within the Hamlet aforesaid; for want of which, the Petitioners conceive, Dissoluteness of Morals, and a Disregard for Religion, have greatly increased; too apparent in great Numbers of the younger and poorer Sort of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet; which has been the Reason of many of the better Sort of People removing from their Habitations in the said Hamlet, to the great Impoverishment thereof; and that the Commissioners for building of Fifty new Churches in Voi,. 24.

and about the City of London, being sensible of the Inconveniencies aforesaid, did, about Twenty Years since, purchase a Piece of Ground in the said Hamlet, very convenient for building a Parish Church; and also for Burying-ground; but no Church hath been built thereupon, although the Buildings and Inhabitants in the said Hamlet have since been very much increased; and that the Parish Church of Stepney is supplied with Two V icars, called Por-tionifts; the Profits of the Living being divided between them; which Vicars are presented by the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, of Brazen Nose College, Oxon; and a considerable Part of the Profit, as well of the Rectory, which belongs to the said College, as of the Vicarage of Stepney, arises within the said Hamlet of Bethnal Green in Tythes, and otherwise; and the Petitioners apprehend, that such Part of the Profits of the said Vicarage, as will arise within the said Hamlet, will be sufficient for a yearly Maintenance of a Minister to officiate in the said Church, when built and completed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for separating the Hamlet of Bethnal Green from the Parish of Stepney; and for making the same a distinct Parish; and for raising

Money for building a Church there, and for making a Provision for Maintenance of a Minister to officiate therein; in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Roger Newdigate, Colonel Bladen, Lord Pa/merfton, Lord Lion, Mr. Carezv, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Brafj'ey, Mr.

Abercromby, Sir John Chapman, Ms. Bramston, Ms. West,

Mr. Gore, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Sir James Grant, Sir Robert Long, Mr. McLeod, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Edwin, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Grant, Sir Wm. Middleton, Sir John Strange, General St. Clair, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr.

Hooper, Lord Perceval, Mr. Ken McKenzie, Mr. Gundry,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Shippen; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Char- Charter-ter-house-Square, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names j°ll^0ygUare are thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of the Pro- t°v prietors and Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Area of Charter house Square was, in the Year 1717, at the Expence of the Petitioners, and the then Proprietors and Inhabitants, inclosed with Pales, or a Palisade of Wood, in order to preserve the same in a decent Manner; which Palisade, though supported at a great Expence, is decayed: That, if the Palisade should be permitted to be destroyed, the Square will become a Receptacle for Rubbish, Dirt, and Dunghills, and liable to be frequented by common Beggars, Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons; and will thereby become unfit for the Habitation of Persons of Character;

That the Cleaning, Watching, and Paving, of the said Square has been also greatly neglected, to the Annoyance and Danger of the Inhabitants: And therefore, in order to prevent such Mischiefs, praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in to enable the prefen't and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Char ter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising a sufficient Sum of Money, effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square, and render the same more commodious, and to continue the same in Repair Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

5 B And

jo i o° Januarii. A. ij^2.

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smith/on, Sir Roger New- of Northampton: And the feme was received; and read digate, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Strode, Mr. Thomas Gore, the First time.

Mr. Frankland, Lord Carpenter, Mr. West. Sir Jo/. Pen- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. nington, Mr. Carew, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Walker, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Brere- A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Cirencester ton, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Shepheard, Lord Perceval, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in and near Mr. Foley, Sir John Ram/den, Lord Hartington, Sir Ed- the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Glou-mund Thomas, Sir H. Liddel, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plump* cester, through Chesterton, Coates, Kemble, Tarlton, Rod ire, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Wardour, Mr. O/baldifton, Mr. mar ton, and Charington, to Tetbury, in the said County;

Delme, Mr. Legge, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Gout- and from Tetbury, through Dufton, We/ton, Byrt, Sher-ston, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. /tone Magna, Dedmarton, Hau/kburys, Upton, Horton,

Darner, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Forfter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Old Sodbury, Little Sodbury, Doddington, Tor mar ton,

Gybbon, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Monson, Mr. Codrington, Dirham, and Cold Aston, to the Monument Martin, Mr. Ord, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. upon Lansdown, in the Parish of Languridge; was pre-Penton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Saville, Mr. Fane, Mr. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Carter, Six John Barnard', and all the Members who aforesaid Road, being Twenty Miles, or thereabouts, by serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of Lon- reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and of many heavy don: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many fend fot Persons, Papers, and Records. Parts thereof are impafiable for Waggons and Carriages,

and Horses laden; and great Part of the Road is danger-Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors now under ous for Travellers, and cannot, by the ordinary Course Petitions. Confinement in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, within the appointed by the Laws in being for amending of Roads,

City of Bristol, and County of the same: Andalfo, be effectually repaired, unless some other Provision be

A Petition of the poor distrelTed Debtors confined in made by Parliament for that Purpose: And therefore his Majesty’s Gaol at Reading, in and for the County of praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Berks; repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, in such Man-

Were severally presented to the House, and read; coni- ner as to the House shall seem meet, plaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do exa-to lie upon the Table. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

appear to them, to the House:

Gloucester A Petition of several of the Trullees appointed to put in And it is referred to Mr. Bathur/t, Lord Carpenter, Mr.

Roads. Execution an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign Berkeley, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Arundeil, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Cary, Mr. Thomas

Act for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Glou- Gore, Mr. Strode, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Hampden, Sir Ed-cester to the Top of Birdlip Hill; and also from the same mund Thomas, Mr. Southzvell, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Harris,

City to the Top of Cricklade Hill, in the County of Glou- Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Earle,

cester; was presented to the House, and read; setting Mr. Sydenham, Sir Jof. Pennington, Lord Quarrendon,

forth, That several Tolls were granted and made payable Mr. Laroche, Mr. Periam, Sir Hugh Smith/on, Mr. Ca-

by the said Act: for the Term therein mentioned, for re- rew, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Re-

pairing the said Roads; and the Trullees, finding the same tun Roll, Mr. Hill, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Cleveland, in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow a con- Mr. Eftfkine, Mr. Alderman Lambert \ and all the Mem-siderable Sum of Money, in order to make the same pass- bers who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxon, Berks, able; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five collected by virtue of the said Act, has been duly laid out of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have and applied according to the Directions thereby given; Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, and that the Petitioners find the Money, now due on the

Credit of the said Act, cannot, during the subsisting A Petition of the Commissioners for building Westmin- Westminster Term, be repaid, and all the said Roads effectually amend- fter Bridge was presented to the House, and read; setting ?r,dgcy^ ed and kept in good Repair for the future, unless the forth. That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Par- ^nts.V Term, so granted, be enlarged, and the said Act made liament, passed in his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed thereby more effectual: And therefore praying, That Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite and Powers by the said former Act granted, in such Man- Shore, in the County of Surrey; and are, by Two Acts, ner as to the House shall seem meet. palfed in the 12th and 13th Years of his present Majesty,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and pear to them, to the House: from the said intended Bridge, to the Courts of Justice,

And it is referred to Mr, N. Berkeley, Mr. Selwyn, Sir both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and James Grant, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fazaker- to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground within ley, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Walker, Mr. Phillips, certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall Mr. Hayward, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. find necessary for them to be possessed of: That the Peti-Southwell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bathur/t, Mr. Walter, tioners have made a considerable Progress in building the Mr. Strode, Lord Perceval, Sir Jo/ Pennington, Mr. Je/- said Bridge, and have purchased several Houses and Pat-/reys, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr Grant, eels of Ground, for opening, widening, and rendering con-Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Sydenham; and all the Members venient, the said Ways, Streets, and Paflhges; in doiqg who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and which, they have expended almost all the Monies hitherto Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of granted them for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality, add to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. are still under Contraft for several Parts of the Works

which are now carrying on, and will amount to a greater Great Mr. Hume Campbell presented to the House, according Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners: That Brington to Order,a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common the Petitioners are likewise indispensebly obliged to pur-lacioiure. Yields within the Parish of Great Brington, in the County chafe several Houses and Estates, in order to open and

widen

L»

16 Geo. II. 10° januarii. 371

widen a Lane called St. Margaret's Lane, being the pub- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

lic Street leading to both Hqufes of Parliament, tp thp sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Width of 'Sixty Feet; his Majesty having granted to the whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply Petitioners several Estates of the Crown, on Condition granted to his Majesty. that they shall open St. Margaret's Lane to the Width

aforesaid; which will bring on an immediate Expence: Ordered, That the "Royal African Company of England African

That the Petitioners, therefore, find themselves under a do lay before this House, the Establishment for their Forts

Necessity of applying to the House for such further Sums of Money as the House shall judge proper; that a Work so useful and advantageous to the Public may not be (topped for want thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such further Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, TJiat his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Dummer A Petition of Michael Terry Esquire, Lord of the Ma-Inclosure. nor of Dummer, in the Parish of Dummer, in the County of Southampton, and Patron of the Rectory of the said Parish; and of Thomas Stockwell, Rector of the said Pa-rifll Church; and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the common Fields and common Pastures of, and belonging to, the Parish of Dummer , aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are several common Fields and common Pastures in the Parish of Dummer aforesaid, wherein the respective Properties of the Petitioners, and other Land-owners, lie dispersed in small Parcels, and thereby are »endei;ed of less Value to the respective Proprietors, and, in their present Situation and Circumstances, are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous the said common Fields and common Pastures may be inclosed and divided by Commissioners, in that behalf to be appointed; and that the several Shares and Allotments resulting from such Inclosure and Division, may be laid and disposed as commodiously as possible for the Petitioners, and other the said Owners in the said Lands, and may be held in Severalty for such Estates and Interests as they now respectively hold the said Lands in the said common Fields and Pastures; but that the said Inclosure and Division cannot be effectually established, to answer the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Harry Powlett and Mr. Pilsworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England Company was Pre^ente^ to *he House, and read; setting forth. That 4 ' this House having, upon full Examination and Considera-

tion of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Session of Parliament, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there; the said Sum hath been applied accordingly; and it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That such further Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House to do therein as they shall think proper.

Vox.. 24.

and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1742; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for' the Year 1743, be laid before this House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bockholt’s for naturalizing John Bockkolt, was, in Part, read the ^at*

First time:

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- take* Oaths, tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Dunchurch in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Roads. Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road, or Highway, from the Dun Cow in the Town of Dunchurch, through the Parish of Biltoh, over Dunfmore Heath, to the Town of Hill-morton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence through the several Pari (lies of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the County of Northampton, to St. James's End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the said County of Northampton; and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have made a Progress in amending the said Roads; but several Parts thereof still continue bad in the Winter Season, and the Petitioners are, in some Measure, prevented from railing a sufficient Sum of Money to put the same in such Repair, as that Travellers and Carriages may pafswith Safety, by a Clause in the said Act, which declares, That no Turnpike shall be erected within One

Mile of the said Town of Northampton: That, in order to raise Money to amend all Parts of the said Roads as soon as possible, the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the said Town, are willing and desirous that the Turnpike, now erected at Harleston, may be removed, and set up nearer than One Mile to the said Town of Northampton; whereby Passengers and Carriages will be prevented from going through other Ways, as they now do, to avoid paying the Tolls laid and made payable by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Act aforesaid, and for making the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Mr. Wilmer, Mr.

Finch, Mf. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Bance, Lord Perceval, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lam be, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Vere, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir James Grant, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Watson, Mr. Campbell, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Penton, Mr. Bligh, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Crojfe, Sir John Chester,

Mr, Cooke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John St. Aubin,

AnfWffr to Address.

Bockholt’s

Nat.

Bellamy's

Name.

St. Botolph without Aldgate ?oor.

372

io° — 11° Januarii. A. 1742.

Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Fonereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Lancaster, Chester, and JVorM; And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is j 11° die januarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, That his Majesty had been attended with the Address of this House, of Tuesday the 21st Day of December last; which his Majesty was pleased to receive very graciously.

A Petition of Swaine Roje was presented to the House, and read; praying, That his Name may be inserted in the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bockholt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Crayle Crayle Esquire, heretofore called Crayle Bellamy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Sarah Crayle, of Hatton Garden, in the County of Middlesex, Widow, did, by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the nth Day of August 1730, give to the Petitioner, her Grandson, the Sum of£.i 5,000 to be paid to him at the Age of Twenty-five Years; and did desire, that the Petitioner should, from and after his Age of One-and-twenty Years (which he hath since attained to,) assume and take on himself the Surname of Crayle instead of the Surname of Bellamy; and from thenceforth call and write himself by the said* Surname of Crayle and not by the Surname of Bellamy; and that the Petitioner is desirous to take upon him the said Surname of Crayle, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the Petitioner to take upon him the Surname of Crayle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Carpenter and Mr. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Antients, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St, Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish is a very large Parish, and hath a numerous and burthensome Poor annually to maintain: That, for a great many Years last past, their Poor’s Rates, though very high, and very great Sums of Money have been annually raised thereby, have not been sufficient, in any one Year, for the Maintenance of their Poor; which hath occasioned some Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor to have Recourse to Borrowing of Money at an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Credit of Orders of Vestry 5 and, when that could not be done, hath obliged others to advance out of their own Pockets (as they frequently, and of necessity, have done) several considerable Sums of Money; for some of which the like Interest hath been also paid; which said Interest hath been a great and growing Burthen and Expence to the said Parish, and hath been constantly paid for many Years, till lately; having been defrayed chiefly out of the Fines for Parish Offices, and other small Incomes of the Parish, which now fall considerably short of answering the same y so as there is a great Arrear of such Interest, that, forrthefe Four Years last past, the Poor of the said Parish

have increased to, and now are, double the Number of what they were in former Years; and very large Debts have been necessarily contracted, and are now*due and owing to several Tradesmen, and others, for Provisions and Necessaries supplied by them for such Poor; which the said Parish, under the Circumstances aforesaid, hath not been able to furnish Money for the Payment of: That the said several Debts have been a great many Years contracting, and have been all for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, and do amount, in the Whole, to between Two and Three thousand Pounds; which the Petitioners are desirous should be discharged; but are advised, that Money for that Purpose cannot be raised upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish by any Laws now in being; nor hath the said Parish any Means of paying the said Debts, without the Assistance of Parliament: Nevertheless, several Suits at Law have already been commenced, and others are threatened to be commenced, for Recovery of the said Debts, to the still greater Burthen, Expence, and Impoverishment of the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Parish: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as shall be necessary for the Payment of their Debts, in such Manner as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Calverty Sir W\ W. Wynne, Lord Carpenter, Sir Humph. Howorthy Mr. Cor new ally Mr. Powell\ Mr. Tor key Mr. Manfely Mr. Winford, Mr. Fere, Mr. Fane, Lord Limerick, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Gore, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Strode, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Mellijhy Mr. Clive, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Periam, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Winnington; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Corporation of Bedford, and of Silfoe and Luton, in the said County, whose Hands are thereunto also subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable for the Term of Onc-and-twenty Years, from the First Day of June 1727, for repairing the said Roads, containing in Length about Twenty computed Miles; and that the Trustees finding the same in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to put, and keep, the same in Repair; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereby given, and a large Sum still remains unpaid; and that the Petitioners find the Money now due on the Credit of the said Act, cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads, during the subsisting Term, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair for the future, unlefe the Term and Powers thereby granted be continued and enlarged: And further setting forth. That the Highways leading from the Town of St. Alban's, in the County of Hertford, to Luton aforesaid, being Eight computed Miles in Length, and from the said Town of Bedford to the End of the Parish of Stagfden, in the said County of Bedford,

about

Luton, &c. Roads.

Wadesmill

Roads.

I6Ge6. II.

iip Janu

m

about Four MiTes in the Road leading to Newport Pagnel, given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the in the County of Bucks; and from the said Town of Bed- Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, for for# to Purvey Bridge, in the said County of Bedford, such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall beiri£ about Five Miles in the Road to the Town of Nor- seem meet.

thampton; by reason of the many Coal Teams, and other Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

heavy Carriages, frequently passing through the fame, are Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-become very ruinous, and many Parts, in the Winter mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Season, lb deep, that Passengers cannot pase and repass appear to them, to the House: with their Carriages without great Danger; nor can the And it is referred to Mr. Houblon, Mr. Ongley, Lord feme, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now Perceval, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Baltimore, in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be Mr. Mellish, Mr. Periam, Mr. Walker, Mr. Earle, Mr. suffictently repaired, without some other Provision be Vere, Colonel Steuart, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Miles Stapylton,

madefol raising Money for that Purpose; and that the Mr. Southwell, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Gray, Lord Petitioners apprehend, that it would be greatly to the Strange, Mr. Courtenay, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Fox,

Safety, Benefit, and Convenience, of Travellers of all Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Whichcotx, kinds, that the highways leading from the Town of St. Mr. Torke, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Clive, Mr. Winford, Sir jilbans aforesaid, th rough Luton and the Town of Bedford Erafm. Phillips, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Winnington, Sir aforesaid, to Wefrivood Gatez(orc(a\d, should be fqfficiept- Nicholas Williams, Lord Limerick, Mr. Fane, Mr. Phll-ly repaired, the feme being the nearest Road into several lips, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hayward, Mr, Strode, Mr. Hill,

Parts of the North of England; and also that the said Mr. Torke; Mr. Winne, Mr. Prtnvfe; and all the Mem-Roads to the End of the said Parish of Stagfden, and to bers who serve for the Countie^ of Hertford and Cain-Purvey Bridge aforesaid, should be amended, in regard to bridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Travellers who pass through those Ways: And there- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers by the

former Act granted; and for repairing and amending the A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants Barking feid Highways, or Roads, leading from the Town or £n- the Town and Parish of Barking, in the County of Efe$, CreekWJurf. Ion aforesaid to the Town of St. Albans aforesaid; and also whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf 6f from the Town of Bedford to the End of the Parish of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Tow*n 4 Stagfden, and to Purvey Bridge aforesaid, for such and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; fei-Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem ting forth. That there is a Creek leading froip the said meet. Town of Barking to the River Thames, where large Quarj-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- tjties of Goods are brought up in Vessels to the said sideration of a Committee: And that they do exarpine Town, and landed upon a Quay, or Wharf, belonging to the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall ap- the said Town; which said Quay, or Wharf, abuts West peitr to them, to the House: Upon the said Creek, and East upon a Street called Mtl/-

And it is referred to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gere, Mr. pond street, in the said Town of Barking: That the said Sydenham, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Houblon, Sir John Quay, or Wharf, is of general and public Utility, and Crosse, Mr. Buchanau, S\x James Qnant, Mr. ff% Sir ^w. great Coovemcncy to all Persons landing Goods there;

Courtenay, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Strickland, notwithstanding, such Persons refuse to pay any thing for Mr. Vere, Mr. Baukes, Mr. Yofke, Mr. *Plumptre, Mr. Wharfage, or to contribute towards the Support of the Winnington, Lord grange, Sir Hum. HowortL Mr. Al- feid Wharf; but the Inhabitants of the said Parish have derman Calvert, Lord Perceval, Mr. Buller, Mr. Wat- hitherto been at the foie Expence of repairing and fop* burton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Limerick, Mr. Spencer, porting the feme, from time to time, as Occasion required;

Mr. Strode, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hayward, Lord Sundon, Mr. which has been very burthensome to the said Parish; who Southwell, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Cormwall', and all the Mem- have lately been under a Necessity of laying out between bet? who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Two and Three hundred Pounds in rebuilding and re-Northampton, and Bucks: And they are to meet this pairing thereof: That the Petitioners, as they are atjvised.

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- have no Power by Law tp compel the Payment of such ber: And have Power to fend for Pjersons, Papers and Wharfage; and the repairing and keeping up the same; Records. being such an Expence and Burthen to the said Parish,

as aforesaid: Therefore praying, That the House will A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to compel all subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Par- Persons landing Goods at the said Wharf, or Quay, to 'liaraent^made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his pre- pay a reasonable Sum of Money as Wharfage, to be ap-sent Majesty#/intituled, An Act for the more effectual re- plied towards the Repair and Support of the said Wharf;

'pairing t!y? Roads leading from WadefmVl, in the County or to grant them such other Relief in the Premises, as of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, the House shall think reasonable. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-paySlJfof01, reading the said Roads, containing in Length mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Twenty-five Miles, or thereabouts; and that, in regard appear to them, to the House:

the annual Income by the Tolls would not, soon after And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mellifk, passing the said Act, enable the Petitioners to repair all Mr. Plumer, Mr. Heblyn, Mr. Gore, Lord Perceval,

Parts of the said Roads, so that Passengers might pase and Mr. Fenwick, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Shep~. repass through the fame, in the Winter Season, with Safety, heard, Mr. Vane, Mr. Owen, Sir H. Ho worth, Mr. Fel-the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a considerable leaves, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bankes, Sir James Sum of Money, in order to put the said Roads into Re- Grant, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Clive, Mr. Charlton, Mr* pair; which Money so fcorrowed, and also the Toll* Powell, Sir JjLrafmus Phillips, Mr. Torke, Mr. Phillips, colfedled, have been duly laid out and applied according Mr. Dodington, Mr. Hill, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Southwell, to the Directions of the said Act; but that the Sum of Mr. Warburton, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Steuart, Mr, Bu-Two thousand Five hundred Pounds is now due on the chanan, Mr. Fox, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Credit of the said Act; and that the Petitioners find, Sydenham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Carew, Mr. Grenville, Mr. unless thjeTerm and Powers by the said Act granted be Rowney, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mitchell, Lord further dfktinued, and the Powers thereby given enlarged, Strange, Mr. Winford, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Mem-and the Act aforesaid made more effectual, the Money so bers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Repairs of the said Hertford: And they are ta meet this Afternoon at Five Roads (wherein great Progress has been made) be com- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have pleted: And therefore praying, That Leave may he Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 24. 5 C A Petitioa

1

374

n° Janua

\ A. 1742.

Tulte'i A Petition oijohn Tuite, of London, Goldsmith (with a Water Copy of the Letters-Patent therein after mentioned, ann^x-

lingine. ejjf was presented to the House; and the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath, by great Study, Labour, and Expence, invented, and brought to Perfection, a Water-engine, by which he can raise more . Water in Quantity, and with Jess Labour and Expence than by any other Engine hitherto invented, or used: That the said Engine, so invented by the Petitioner, will be more useful than any thing as yet invented or used in this Kingdom, for-draining low and marlhy Lands, for supplying Towns and Cities with Water, for draining Mines, and saving Ships from sinking, by springing Leaks at Sea: That his present Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 30th Day of July, in the 16 th Year of his Reign,

hath granted to the Petitioner the sole Use and Exercise . of the said Invention, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Tor the Term of Fourteen Years, according to the Statute ‘ in such same made and provided: That as the Petitioner hath employed a great Number, of Years in intense Application, and expended large Sums of Money in trying "many Experiments "before lie..could bring his said Indention to answer the intended Purposes, the Petitioner hopes, that the Term of Fourteen Years, granted him by such Patent,-will not be deemeda.sufficient Recojmpence Tor the Money he hath already di/bursed, in bringing his ;said Invention to Perfection, and for defraying the Ex-‘fences with. which the Prosecution thereof mult necessarily be attended, in, order to render the same ^extepfiye]y useful to the Publicj and as the Petitioner ‘cannot obtain a longer Term in the Use and Exercise of fijeh Invention, otherwise than by the Assistance of Par-‘liamentpraying, That Leave may be given to bring in . 'a, Bill foe enlarging the Term granted to the Petitioner by such Patent,>qr for such other Encouragement or Assistance as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, that the Journal of the Hou(e; of the 29th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, in relation* to the Resolution^f the Comrqjitee, to whom the Petition of the hid. Jo/yt fuite, presented to the House in that Session, was referred, and to the Proceedings of the House upon that Report, might be read. And the same being read accordingly Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cohlideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

And it is referred to Mr. Fenwick, Sit James. Low!her Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Phillips, bold'Baltimore, JDr. Cotes, Mr. Shuttlewortin, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr^.jfcha'pcellor oj^he Exchequer, Mr. Cliye, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ellis? Sir, John Rtfhout, Mr., IVinford. Sir Jamfr Grant, Sir Charles Wyndham, Lord Dupplinr Sir Jo If it Jfcimjde^, Mr. Fere, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Selwyti, M.t^Brerefon, Mr- ElEpt, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Pitt, Lord Strange, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sydenham y Mr. Butler, Lord Chetwyqd, Mf. Hoblyn, Mr. Torke} Mr. Prowse,.Mx. Southwell, Mr. Ord, Mr. Bay nt un, Bo It,j Mr. Winnington, Mr.' Whichcoy. Sir Jof. Pennington, Mu Knight, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore/, And they are to meet, this, Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.: And all that come are to have Voices: And the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Baltimore (from the Commissioners for executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain), presented to the House, p.urluant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary'Estimate of his Majesty’^ Navy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Sessioni and the Abstract thereof is as follows} viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1743.

N#

1,

a.

V

4-

5-

б.

.7;

8.

9 jo. .11. 12. x3* 14*

}S-

Yards.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, tec. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

Superannuated Sea Officers - - - 9,498 6 5

Pensions and other Allowances - - - - , - - 1,413 1 8

{Chatham ----- 3,507 7 2

Deptford - - 3,082 11

Woolwich - - - - 2, J2I 8

Portsmouth ----- 4,298 14

Sheerness - - - - 1,813 4

Plymouth -, - - - - 2,510 10

Muster-masters, and other Officers of Out-Ports - - - - , - . -. - -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary - -

Victuals to, the Officers and Men, serving therein ' -; -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings* &c.. -

Half-Pay to Sea Officers - - - - .- - -

Total of the ordinary Estimate. of the Navy, for the Year 1743 1 I y ' To which may be added.

For defraying-Jhe Expence of maintaining, iti the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of, their Country, there being now Ope thousand Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient-Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen, and for. carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1743, Ten thousand Pounds

£. s. d.

35,473 *4 1

11,9118 1

17,733 16 8

5,018 5 6

18,924 9 i

9.98-----

.>6,775 — —

61,524.-----

12,000-----

188,558 13 5

10,000 —

198,558 13 5

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1743, amounts to One hundred Ninety-eight thousand Five hundred and Fifty-eight Pound* Thirteen Shillings and Five

Rd. Ja. cworth,

Thomas Pearje, John PhillijjdB,

7 Fowler, Q.

' . - -F. Gpjhry,

Ori/rtd,

Plankett’s

Estate.

Evefliam

.Roads.

16 Ge&. II. . ' .'ri 0 Jbinaril.i i

Ordered, That the said Estima^c’dp lie uporr the Tafile, xrffjpafiwg the said Act,b/ t^a/Stf^'fhefic^prt^rs of the to be perused by the Me tubers.of the House. , . Soil, and the* heavy Garriages patfin H fou gh! t$i t 'fertfe:

.» were so ruinous* and ted, that, in the WiiTte^/:S^fc

A Petit ion of Arthur Plunkett: Esquire was presented to many : Parts thereof wrtre impassable ‘ for Waggohs^and the House, and read; sett>«g forth. That the Petitioners Carriages,' and also for Horfbs laden; attd fthfer Part$^ (Glrandfathpr, Patrick Plunkett, being unhappily attainted -wete dangerous eveh ho. Traveller^; - that the*Triiftbek ap1 of High Treason against their late Majesties King William pointed for putting; the -said Actih fikfecuVroh, ftnding and Queen Mary, his Estate, in Belaud was. thereby, add t:he said Roads^which lie in the Vale olEvtjharhyKvbt yi by an Act of the 11 th and i zt h Years of his said late Ma* yery ruinous at tht£ Time of paffitignhe said Act, ind tHb jesty (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his. Ma- yearly; Income ari/fo^ from the said ToHs nft sufficifcrtt jesty, by Sale of the forfeited Estates and failerelh in Ire* to/iimend the ftme, were obliged*-to borrow Nineteen land, and by a Land Tax in England,*for the fevetfal Rur* hundred , and Fifty Potihds op6$Vthe Credit of the fold poles therein mentioned), vested in the Trufbee? therein Tolls, si, they 'were i m powered of the said1 Act to tid,1 In named, and their Heirs, focthe Uses and Purposes:therein order to make the same palfable; {which Mohey/fobb

mentioned; and that the said Patrick Plunkett being dead, rowed, or the greatest Part thereof; te dill chie and owing the Petitioner’s Father James , Plunkett Esquire, and the to the.fcidHanna/t'Mence, James Wjimi

Petitioner (who was. then an Infant, under the Age of That such Parts of the' said Roads* as have klrea^Jbedh Twenty-one Years), did; in pursuao Geof the said Aftbex- amended, unless constant Care be taken tb look aftet tWei bibit their Claims, before the said Trustees, to be dtcrfced fern'e^and keepotlieiri'in Repair* Will,- by the Deepnefe bf tp their several Remainders in the said Estate; under Ar- the Soil* and thid heavy CarriagfeS’MuchTrdquendy.^f? tides, and a Settlement, made upon the Interniarriageof ovbt them, in a foort time become ruinbus aga'mrknd the said James Plunkett with the Petitioner’s Mother, and almost impafiable; and that the Money now duelo the were by the fakl Trustees accordingly decreed thereto \ several Mortgagees cannot, during the iubfiftlngTerm, be that is to say, The fakl James Plnukstt, for Life, and the repaid, unferfs the Term and Powers by; the said Act Petitioner in Tail Male, with Remainder to every other' granted, be enlarged: And therefore praying,;That Leave the Son and Sons of the said James Plunkett in Tail Male y may be given ro bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and that the Petitioner’s fain Father died tome Years ago,' and Powers of the said former Act, for such Time, and and the Petitioner having redded for many Years in this in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Kingdom, and his Estate > being greatly incumbered to Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Protestant Creditors, by Judgments* and otherwise, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they dp qxa-having a numprpus Family of Children, is desirous to fell mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it his laid Estate, in order to provide for them, but,- upon &all appear to them, to the House: '

examining the Title, it is apprehended, that the Crown And it is referred to Mr. Winford, Sir Roger Newdi-hath a Remainder in Fee in the said Lands, by virtue of Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. an Act of Parliament, of the First Year of her late Ma- Foley, Lord Perceval, Lord Quarrendon, Mr. Pitt, Lord jesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for advancing the Strange, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ord, Mr. Houblon, Sir James Sale of the forfeited Estates.in Ireland, and: for veiling- Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Lord such as remain unfold by the present Trustees in her Ma- Limerick; Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowje, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Gore, jesty, her Heirs, and Successors, for suchlJfes. as the Sir John Chapman, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grenville, Mr. same were before veftecj] in the said Trustees; and for the Which cote, Mr. Hampden, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. more effectual felling and setting the said.Estates to Pro- Mofiyn, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fane,» Mr. Jenyns, testants; and far explaining several Acts relating to the Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Alderman Calvert,; and Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard),. which Remain- all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, der, the Petitioner is advised he cannot bar by a common Gloucester, Warwick, and Oxford: And they are to meet Recovery; and that the Petitioner hath Four Sons, and this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s several younger Brothers living, and it is therefore very Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, probable that the said Remainder in Fee will never take and Records.

Place, and is therefore of very inconsiderable Value: And

therefore praying, That; Leave may be given to bring in A Petition of the Trustees for eflablishing the Colony Colony of a Bill for veiling the said Estate in Trullees, and their of Georgia, in America, was prefen ted to the House, and Georgia. Heirs, to be sold; in the First place, for Payment of the read; letting forth. That, by the Resolutions of the Debts affecting the fame, and to pay the Residue of the House upon the 29th Day of June 1742, it was, amongst Money, arising by such Sale, to the Petitioner. other things, refolded, " That the Province of Georgia,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.. " in America, by reaion of its Situation, may be an use-

<c ful Barrier to the British Provinces, on the Continent

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto " of America, against the French and Spaniards, and the subscribed^ for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- " Indian Nations in their Interests: That the Ports and ment, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending feve-~ " Harbours within the said Province may be a great Serai Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, " curity to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom-: in the County of Worcester, and also of several of his Ma- <c That, by reason of the Fertility of the Soil, the Health-jesty’s Justices of the Peace, of and for the said County, fulness of the Climate, and the Convenience of the and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants, dwelling Rivers, the said Province is a proper Place for establish-and residing in and near the several Pari files wherein the " inga Settlement, and may contribute greatly to the same Roads lie, and many others frequently travelling " increasing of the Trade of this Kingdom; that it is through the said Roads; as iikewileof Hannah Mence, of" " very necessary, and advantageous to this Nation, That the City of Worcester, Widow, Relict and Administratrix " the Colony of Georgia should be preferred and sup-of Samuel Mence, Gentleman, deceased, James Smith of " ported; and that it will be an Advantage to the said Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, Gent, and Hamah " Colony of Georgia, to permit the Importation of Run*

Wynn, of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, Spinster, into the said Colony, from any of the other British Co-Deviseeof Elizabeth Humphreys, Widow, deceased, Cre- " ionics:" That, in pursuance of the last mentioned Re-ditors under the said Act; was presented to the House, solution, the Petitioners have formed and prepared a Law and read; setting forth. That several lolls were granted (agreeably to the Powers to them given by his Majesty’s and made payable, by the said Act, for the Term of Royal Charter), and presented the fame, under their com-Twenty-one Years, for repairing of several Roads lead- mon Seal, to his Majesty, in his Privy Council, for his ing to and from the said Borough of Evesham, which, Royal Approbation for repealing so much of an Act computed together, amounted in Length to Twenty- pade in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-three Miles, or thereabouts; which Roads, at the Time jesty, as prohibits the Importation of Rum into the said,

Vol. 24. 12 Colony,

.Goog

r i — 13! Jdnuarii.

A. 1742.

Colony of Georgia.

I that thfey t would

jfe g^io^flypfeafei to release the Quit-nents of Lands in tfcW'&fly reserved tp his Majesty, his Heirs, and SuceeffoijS,<.]in prder that the same might be reduced in there* ipg^jye Grants of Land there; and that, as a further En* ^Qqragei^ent to tl|e Inhabitants oft he, said Colony, the ~ ‘ ' ,andpre-

5 Majesty, n, for reluming the said Quitirents from Four Shillings, to Two Stylings, Proclamation-money of South Carolina, for every Hundred Acres* and far enlarging and establishing the of the Lands in Fee Simple, to all such Persons who have settled, or should hereafter settle, in the said Cpbny> at tfveir own Expence 5 but that the Petitioners W Utterly ^capable of further settling and improving the ^dXJpIoay, without the Assistance of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con* ^deration, and to cj therein as they shall think meet. ' " Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, Recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do ^herein as they shall think proper. . rr Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(jderation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred,. fco consider further of the Supply grafted to his Majesty.

.. A Petition of Thomas Stephens, Agent for and on behalf of the People of Georgia, in America, was presented to.ttye Jlpufe, and read; setting forth, That a great Number of settled in the Colony of

Georgia, at their own Ppcpen^e, together with others, and foreign Protestants, at the public Charge, hoping to sup-

ment of Lands there, have however never been able to iffeft it, by the many Restrictions and Dif*

courageqients asking from the Laws, Co.nstitution, and Government, of the Colony, in which-it widely differs from all others of his Majesty’s Provinces whatsoever: That the Substance of the greatest Part of the Inhabitants being exhausted, they have been obliged to desert their Improvements, and also the Colony, whereby the Purposes of making an effectual Barrier to the Northern Provinces, providing for the industrious Poor, and increasing the Trade, Navigation, and "Wealth, of his Majesty’s Dominions, are intirely defeated: That by allowing the ^et tiers Privileges common to the rest or his Majesty’s Subjects in America, every good Purpose in establishing the Colony would be most certainly accomplished, as well as the Nation eased of a continued great Expence, which mud gtherwife attend it, and to as little Effect as hitherto: And therefore praying the House to take the deplorable State of the Colony into Consideration, and to grant the Inhabitants such Relief as to the House shall Teem meet.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the Resolutions of the Committee of the whole House to whom the Petition of the said Thomas Stephens, presented to the House in that Session, was referred, and to the Proceedings of the House upon $hc Report of the said Resolutions, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Remitting A Petition of Bryan Blundell, of Liverpool, Merchant, Duty on Salt was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That loft at Sea. the Petitioner, on or about the 20th Day of August \ 741, shipped at Liverpool, on board the Mary Sloop, Andrew Creash Master, for Account of John Roche, of Limerick, Merchant, 2,500 Bushels of white Salt, in order to be exported to Ireland, and gave Bond to Mr. William Sud-low, his Majesty’s Collector of the Duty on Salt at L2-

Salt i That the said Sloop, in her passage to Ireland, met with a violent Storm at Sea* and was in the greatest Daii* ger of perishing; and had not the Sailors been uncommonly diligent, the said Sloop mu ft have foundered/and funk; (he being several timesuttdbr Wafer, the Sea soak* ing a common Passage over her, and the SeR W a ter wash* ing into the Hold of the said Sloop; 964 Bushels and One Gallon of the said Lad ing of Salt was actually wasted and perished: That the Petitioner duly proved the Truth of the Premises beipre the Quarter-Sessiods; and that 1*535 Bushels and 7 Gallons, Residue of the said Lading of Salt, was landed in Ireland, and the Duties thereon paid \ and as there is a Provision made in the several Statutes relating to the Salt Duty, or some of them, for remitting, Or making SsUisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors for the Duty of such white Salt as should be loft, orperifli at Sea, by the Ship’s foundering, or being taken by the Enemy, the Petitioner applied to the Salt Officers to have a Debenture for the said Salt, which was so exported, and peri (bed at Sea; which they refused to do, alleging that, unless the said Salt had perished by the actual Sinking of the Ship, they could not make out such Debenture; for that though they declared they were fully satisfied that the said 964 Bushels and One Gallon of Salt wasted and perished at Seti, yet as the Ship did not perish, bui was saved, they were not warranted by the Words of the several Statutes to make out such Debenture; That the Petitioner hath applied to the Collector of the Salt Duties atLiverpool, and the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, to have the Bond, so entered into by the Petitioner and his Sureties, and by which the Duties of the said 2,500 Bushels of Salt were secured, to be delivered up, and the Petitioner, and his Sureties, discharged therefrom, and from the Payment of the Duties of the said Salt, who declared it was not in their power to give the Petitioner any Relief; the said Lois not coming within the Letter of the Clauses in the several Statutes for the Relief of Persons wholofe Salt at Sea: That the Petitioner will be forced to pay Duty on the said Salt, so loft and perished at Sea, as aforesaid, to prevent his Bond being sued, if not some Way relieved; and therefore, in regard the Petitioner is advised, and apprehends, that his same is within the Intent and Equity, if not within the Letter, of the said Clauses of the Statutes, fqr remitting or making Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of such white Salt, as should perish at Sea, praying the House to take the Hardships of his same into Confederation, and to give Leave that a Clause may be added to such Bill, and in such manner, as the House shall think fit, for the Petitioner's Relief in the Premises, and the Relief of such Person and Persons who may happen to have any such like Lois or Misfortune hereafter.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

verpool, for Payment of the Duties on the said Lading of House,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, I 2® die;

Anno x6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

QWAIN Rose took the Oaths appointed, in order to u his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in his Majesty’s Gaol of the County of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read 5 complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this

Debton

Petition.

Navy

Debt.

OrJertd,

i 6 Geo. II. 120 — 13°

Seamen Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

employed. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed rn the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1741, to the 31st of December 1741, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

Navy Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Services. count Qf what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by the Treasurers of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 174.1, to the 31st of December 1742; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

PrisonIn* Bill for the further Punishment of Persons who shall

1 ' assist or encourage Prisoners to escape, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carezv, Mr. Bu/ler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Coke, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Pe-riam, Mr* Prow/e, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cooke, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Earl, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cleveland; Mr. Plumer, Lord Perceval, Mr. Scot, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Pley dell. Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Torke; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1743 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wivt Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

and Meant, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Westminster Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Abbey. count of what Part of the Revenue of the Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster% has, by any Grant, or otherwise, been given for the Repair of the said Church, and how it has been disposed of, for Seven Years last past.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 30 die Anno 16* Georgii II*" Regis, 1743-Prayers.

African r'|~, HE House being informed that a Person from the Company. J[ African Company attended at the Door;

VOL. 24-

Januarii'. 377

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House (pursuant to their Order), the Establishment of th^ Royal African Company of England, for their Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1742; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of:

And also,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the teveral British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1743.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the poor Debtors, now confined in the Debtor* County Gaol of Surrey, in behalf of themselves and ^mon-others: And also,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners (to the Number of One hundred and Thirty, and upwards), confined Jor Debt in the Marfralfea Prison, in Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of unfortunate

Debtors, confined in the several other Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners, in his Majesty’s Prison in Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands, confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the poor Debtors, now in the Prison of Derby;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Warminster Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto sub- Roadjl

feribed, appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King.

George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, was referred,* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared tQ them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee, the said Act, passed in the ijth Year of King George the First; and several Parts thereof, were read; whereby it appeared, that certain Tolls, and other Powetjs, were granted, and made payable, for Twenty-one Years.

Then Mr. John French, Treasurer to the said Turnpike, was called; and being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, finding the Roads in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow several Sums of Money, in order to make the same passable; which Money fd borrowed, and the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out and applied towards repairing the said Roads.

Then he produced an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements, in relation to the said Turnpike, for Fifteen Years, by which it appears there is now due and Owing* upon the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 1,200; which Sum, the said John French faivl, cannot be paid oft* during the Continuance of the subsisting Term, and the Roads be effectually amended, and kept in goatt'Rc-5 D pair,

Di^tizecyg

378

pair, unless the present Act be continued fcr a further Term.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminjer, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Ca-rew, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Sir Robert Longa and Mr. PopbatHy do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Bowes Sir John Ramsden reported from the Committee, to

Road. whom the Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Bowes, over Stainmorey in the North Riding of the County of York, to Broughy in the County of Wtftmore-AW, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Charter- Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to house Square whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of wentoVC" Charter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, whole

rac 5* Names are thereunto subscribed, being the major Part of

the Proprietors and Inhabitants, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of this Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee, a Book of Receipts of Payments of Monies; whereby it appeared, that, in the Year 1717, there was laid out and emended the Sum of £.280. in erecting of Pales or Palisades in Charter-house SquareThen the Agent for the Petitioners called,

The Reverend Mr. William Salisbury: Who, being examined, said, That the major Part of the Proprietors and principal Inhabitants of Charter-house Square signed the above-mentioned Petition; and that the Area of the said Square was, in the Year 1717, inclosed with Pales PC a Raltfade of Wood, at the Expence of the Petitioners, and die then Proprietors and Inhabitants, in order to pre-ferye. th£ feme; and ^although supported at a great Expence^ "is intirely decajed.

Mr. John Spencer Cole peppery and Mr. John Amitage, being examined, said, That the Palisades of the said Square are in a most ruinous Condition, and that there are several Breaches in the Wall; and that if the same are destroyed, it wilLbecome a Receptacle for Rubbish, Dirt, ^d Dunghilfs, and liable to be frequented by common Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons, and w,ill thereby become unfit for the Habitation of Persons of Xharafter; and that the cleansing, watching, and paying, of the said Square have been greatly neglected, to the Annoyance and Danger of the Inhabitants, notwithstanding the great Expence the Proprietors and Inhabitants have been at.

And the said Mr. Colepepper further added, That the Governors of the Charter-house have paid Forty Shillings a Year towards the repairing of the said Square.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the prefept and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of tlieHouses in Charter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising a futecient Sum of Money, effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve, the said Square; and to con-

1742.

tinue the same in Repair: And that Sir Hugh Srfiithjon and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Carpenter presented to the House, according Bellamy1# to Order, a Bill to enable Crayle Bellamy Esquire, to take Wamc* and use the Surname of Crayle: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners, in his Majesty’s Prison of Debtor# Brecknockshire, to the Number of Eleven, in behalf of Petition, themselves, and many Thousands, confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read, complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners for Debt, in the Ditto. Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of his Majesty’s Prison of the King's-bench> was presented to the House, and read, complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Cornewally Mr. Hay, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Faney according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-six thousand Six hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, St. Botolph Sir John CrofJey Mr Hay, Mr. Gy bbon^ Mr. Robert Wii- without Aid-liamsy Mr. Sydenham > Mr. Hilly Sir W. Williams Wynney &atc i>oor* Mr. Thrale, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor,

Antients, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and '

several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred.

Ordered, That the Lord Noel Somerset be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die ,'Januariiy Anno 16* Georgii II. Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to Or- Warminster der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads‘ granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminstery in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refrfvedy

130 — 140 Januarii.

OlMt

Briagton

Incjbfare.

BotkhoU’s

Nat.

Ditto.

Wearing Gold Lace, &c.

Way* and Means.

id Geo. II. 14° — 17

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within the Parish of Great Brington, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. H. Campbell, Mr. Hampden, Mr. IVin ford. Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Carew, Mr. Steuart, Lord Strange, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. Bullet, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Delme, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Palmerston, Lord Limerick, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Lord George Graham, Mr. JPiV/, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Bodville, Dr. Butler, Lord Perceval, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Courtenay, Sir JZuJkouty Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brereton, Mr Fere, Mr. iV#- Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bankes, Sir 7°/- Pennington, Mr. ikr/e, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Warburton, Mr. ffoy, Mr. Archer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bockholt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hayward, Mr. Archer, Mr. Winford, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Walker, Mr. Pryfe, Sir IVm. Courtenay, Mr. John Martin, Mr Gray, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. fVkichcote, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Carew, Mr. French, Mr. Cleveland, Dr. Butler, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Raymond, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Courtenay, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Buller, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Edwin; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Swain Rose, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in Apparel: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Gybbon, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of Twenty Shillings a Gallon on spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty, by an Act of the Ninth Year of his Reign, be eferred to the said Committee.

& Jmuarii. 379 o 3 /

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce arisenyeaf* ly by granting Licenses for the Retailing of spirituous ’. Liquors, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Prosecutions, that have been carried on against Offenders, }n; retailing Liquors contrary to the Act of the Ninth Year: of his Majesty’s Reign, and what has been recovered* arid paid into the Exchequer, on such Prqfecutioqs, bq re* ferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Core* mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. —

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutionsi which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to . receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the -House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 170 dieJanuarii,

Anno 160 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from D'fijofition the Treasury, attended at the Door; of Grant!.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 174?, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the ijth Day of January 1742-3; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

o

VOL. 24.

AN

£ioogli

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

O

o

An ACCOUNT, flawing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 174a, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of JanUQry *742-3; and

with the Overplus thereupon.

GRANTS.

d.

For Victuals, Wages, Wearwid Tear, of the Navy, and Victualling thereof, for 40,000 Men, for 13 Months, beginning the lft of January 1741 - 1,978,000-----

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay - - - 188,756

For the Charge of Transports hired to carry the Forces to Amei'ica For the Expence of Victuals, provided for the Soldiers employed on that Expedition Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

g f For Sea Services -

jj < For Land Services -

,g { For extraordinary Services incurred, not provided for by Parliament -

17

68,845 15 7 uj,9J7_J?___*_

104,000-----

127,703 6 11

8*2,7*28 9 i

For defraying the Charge of 35,554 Men, for Guards and Garrisons, be. Anno 1742 - - - - 7 1

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for Annapolis, Cun/o, and Placentia,

,004,947 —

encies; for the Year 1742

Gibraltar, and Georgia^ Anno 1742 - For Extraordinary Services incurred, not provided for by Parliament ——

Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty* Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1742....

For Pensions for the Year 174*2, to the Widows of Officers, married before Christmas 1716....

For maintaining a Regiment of Foot, raised in America, for the Service of the West Indies, for the Year 174a - -

For maintaining the Charge of Officers, with the Forces under General IFe/iftperM, for the Year 174a - -

For maintaining the Staff Officers, to attend the Hospital, for the Service of the Expedition under the said General, for the Year 174a S ' For defraying the Charge of 7 Regiments, transported from the Irish to the British Kstablishment, for the Year 1742 -© For defraying the Charge of the General and Stalf Officers, appointed to attend the Forces in Flanders; with Continger

For defraying the Expence of Staff Officers for the Hospital there, for the Year 174a - -

For defraying the Expence of what remains Unpaid to the Troops of the King of Denmark, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of March

exclusive, to the 05th Day of December 1741, inclusive -.....- -

For defraying the Charge of the said Troops, from the 26th Day of December 1741, to the 3d Day of March 1742, both inclusive, together with the Proportion of the Subsidy due for the same time; pursuant to Treaty -

To defray the Charge of what remains to be paid to the Hessian Troops, in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th March, exclusive, to 25th December 1741

For defraying the Charge of the said Troops, from the «Gth December 1741, to the 25th December 1742, both inclutive; together with the Subsidy

to the same time; pursuant to Treaty ——

- Towards the Support of the House of Aufiria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe ....

{StST-'iSB?’ - /: :: :: ::

Marines. To defray the Charge ot 11,550 Marines, continued for the Service of the Year 1742 -

f To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1742; ris. £. s. d.

To the Navy - -- - - -- -- - 236,636 18 6}

To the Ordnance - - - 7,094 19 1

To the Sufferers by Fire at Carolina - 20,000 — — j

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended Michaelmas 1741

r V I rt A AA a L A d A tv A M M U — t A ft 4 L A 8 m V — A O - — a . .1 A L M 1 _ A L U__1 _ A - I - _ _- _ _ . A L

266,616 6 5,

44,008 3 7

27,968 2 6

4,168-----

53,995 13 4

11,611 13 4 1,277 10 — 74,‘9* 5 4 25,73* 6 8

i,3°5-----

47*73 9 5}

51,072 4 2$

33*39 7 —

161,607 17 lj

263,73* *7 7

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout to the Bank, to make good the Deficiency of additional Stamp Duties, at Chrijhnas 1740 /To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid to the Bank, for £ a Year’s Interest, due 8th March 1740, on £.500,000. lent on Salt, 1735 )To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, for J a Year’s Interest, due 5th Nsvember 1741,00 £.1,200,000. Vent on Salt, Anno 174 To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Sweets, 6fc. at Mkhaelmas 1741 To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Victuallers, at Michaelmas 1741 To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty for 1740, at Lady-day 1742 ——

To make good the Deficiency of Land Tax 1740, at Michaelmas 1742 -

58,737

4,048 *4 7

10,000-----

21,000 — — 27,850 1 2$

19,018 4 II

285,110 9 9 81,568 7 3

d € To wards maintaining the British Forts and Settlements of the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Afinca -

Towardsfinishing and repairing, %c. of Westminster Abbey -

j£ (Towards building the Bridge at Westminster - j. . ....

co To which there must be adde^ ia pursuance of the respective Acts for raising the Sum of £.800,000. and £.1,600,000. granted for the Service of the Year 1742, as follows; viz.

Paid by the Bank, as Discount or Interest to the Contributors of the £.800,000. -

Allowed to the Bank, for negotiating the same ——

And for Interest, or Discount on their several Payments of the £.1,600,000. contributed by them

7>677 7 3 500-----

39,< *5 *

£ s. d.

*445,320 11 9

10,000 — __

3*4»43* 16 —

the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied;

CO

— o

1

Sums paid.

Remaining to be paid.

s. d.

2,254,202 12 8

10,000 -

314*431 *6

*809,143 19 10 500,000 — - —

*06,253 >5 —

77*,065 6 61

10.000 -

4,000-----

20.000 —

*,809,143 19 10

300,000 — — *00,000 — — *96,694 19 2

£- K d. *9*,*17 19 I

s?

9,558 15 10

1

2:

764,766 I3 jj 6,298 1« .1

*0,000 ----- "

4,000 — —

*0,000 — —

47,292 8 5

10,000 —

a,6«975 8 ,1 K

5,9«°.5ia 9 gj rSk,

6.»37.S07 , 6f

Westrmnfter

Abbey.

Bellamy’!

Name.

Cirencester

Bead.

16 Geo. II. 170

Ways and Means towards satisfying the fame.

£. . s. d.

750.000 — — By the Duty on Malt, for the Year 1742.

2.000. 000 — — By the Land Tax, for the same Year.

1.000. 000 — — By the Sinking Fund.

800.000 — — By Annuities, transferrable at the Bank.

1,600,000----- By Contributions of the Bank.

6,150,000 — — Total of Ways and Means. 6,137*507 l7 6i Total Services.

12492 2 5| Overplus of Ways and Means.

Jamlarii. 381

« Residue of the Ways and Means Undisposed. £. s, d.

Of the Sinking Fund . - - . - - - 6,298 13

To be raised on the Land Tax - - , .223,168 17 4J

229,467 10

From whence deduct what remains to be paid out

of the Supplies - - - - 216,975 8 iof

Rest is the Overplus of the Grants, Anno .1742,

stated as on the other Side - - - - 12,492 2 5$

This Account, stated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of this Honourable House, if humbly presented this 17th Day of January 1742-3, by me

'Thomas Bowen.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Air. Davies, from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Part of the Revenue of the Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster, has, by any Grant, or otherwise, been given for the Repair of the said Church, and how it has been disposed of, for Seven Years last past.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, -to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers

of this Saflion.

A Bill to enable Crayle Bellamy Esquire to take and ufe the Surname of Crayle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Car-fenter, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Lord Dnpplin, Major Selwyn, Admiral Stuart, Lord Sidney Beauelerk, Mr. War burton, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Noel, Lord Perceval, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Budge, Lord H. Beauelerk, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pratt, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Alderman Calvert* Mr. Fane, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fellowes, Mr South-well; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in and near the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through Chesterton, Coates, Kemble, Tarlton, Rod-mar ton, and Charington, to Tethury, in the said County, and from Tethury through Dufton, West on, Byrt, Sher-stone Magna, Dedmarton, Haukjburys, Upton, Horton, Old Sodbury, Little Sodbury, Doddington, Tormarton, Cod-rington, Dirham, and Cold Act on, to the Monument upon Lansdown, in the Parish of Languridge, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter o^ the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

William Dimmock and Brereton Smith: Who, being severally examined, laid, That they know the Road leading through the several Parishes in the Petition mentioned (about 23 Miles in Length), and that, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil thereof, and many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become very bad and ruinous; and that many Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, are almost impassable for Travellers.

Vol. 24.

And the same Witnesses being severally asked, whether the Road could be well repaired, and kepe amended, if the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the Road leads, performed their Statute-work thereupon, and did what they were required by Law to do ? they severally answered, That if they were to do and perform double the Work thereon, which the Laws-in being require to be done, it would not be sufficient to amend this Road, and keep it in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called the Monument, upon Lansdown: And that Mr. Bathurst and Mr.

Nor borne Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- *nd Means ferred to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty of Twenty Shillings Gallon, granted to his Majesty, by an Act of the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, upon all spirituous Liquors, which any Retailers thereof should bepoirefled of, or interested in, after the 2c>*h Day of September 1736, shall, from and after the 25th Day.of March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of: this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Six Pence over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon^ to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn only from any Sort of Drink or Wafti, brewed or made from any Sort of /Malt or Corn, other than and except Brewers Walh and Tilts, One Peny over and above all Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Walh or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith. One Peny over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of low Wines or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Three Half-pence over and above all other Duties 5 E charged

.Goog

}8i

charged, or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or* Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it fe the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of Spirits made in Great Britain, of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported. Six Pence over arid above all Duties charged, or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Gallon of strong Waters, or Aqua Vitse, made for Sale, of any other Materials, Three Pence over and above all other Duties charged, or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers or Maker* thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits drawn or made from, the Materials aforesaid, a Drawback or Allowance be made of the several and respecti've Duties aforesaid, on the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifty Pounds yearly, which by the said Act was granted to his Majesty fora Licence for vending, bartering, or uttering, such spirituous Liquors, shall also, from the 25th Day of March 1743, cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 25th Day of March 1743, the Sum of Twenty Shillings yearly shall be paid to his Majesty for a Licence, to be taken out yearly by every Person keeping a public Brandy Shop, a public Victualling-house, Coffee-house, or Ale-house, or being an Innholder, who shall vend, barter, or utter, any spirituous liquors.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed j It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rvfhout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Plunkett’s Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Bftate. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of Arthur Plutikett Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the nth Day of this instant January, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table, gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Winnington have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plankett Esquire, in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protestant Putchafers: And that Mr. Winnington, Dr. Lee, and Mr. Francis Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Arid then the House adjourned tin Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1742.

Martts, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing the High Road from Borough- Borough-bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Piers Bridge bridgeR«d&-on the River Tees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Brereton, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Cope,

Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Torke< Sir Thomas Drury,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Wilktnfon\ Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Strange, Mr. PI umpire, Mr.

White, Mr. Scot, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Young, Sir James Grant,

Sir H. Liddell, Mr. Hilton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York. Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmor eland-, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Wanninster an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Roads, late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Buller, Lord Perceval, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hob~ lyn, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir W. W. Wynn, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Whichcote, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Robert Williams,

Mr. Winford, Sirfjohn H. Cotton, Sir John Chester, Mr.

Blagrave, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Ord, Mr; Houblon, Lord Strange, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henry Archer,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wigley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Chester reported from the Committee, to whom Hockliffe, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an &c. Roads. Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Wobinn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 9 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do Duties on lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities and Sprawl net Produce of the Duties upon Foreign Brandy and ccr* Spirits, from Midsummer 1735 to Midsummer 174a; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the net Produce of the Duties upon strong Waters, low Wines and Spirits, from Midsummer 1735 to Midsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1735 to Midsummer 1742 \ distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do lay Duties oi before this House, an Account of the Monies paid into Brand}, 10 the

17* — 18® Januarii.

V

Ele&ioiu fa Scotland.

County

Editions.

Charter.hoafe

Square

IwfcroTement.

Can of the House.

j 6 Geo. II. iS9- — 19 383

the Exchequer for the Duties upon Foreign Brandy and Spirits; and also for the Duties upon strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, from Midsummer 1735 to Mid-Jammer 1742, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Scott presented to the House, according to Order, A Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elec-' tions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers, at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the* Bill be read a Second time-

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain arid amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for. that Part of Great Britain called England-, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered\ Tlj^t the said Bill be printed.

Sir Hugh Smithfvn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Charter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising a sufficient Sum of Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square,. and to continue the same in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House was called over; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, were taken down:

And the Names of several of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest were excused, oh Account of their own Illness, or of the Illness of their near Relations, or of extraordinary Avocations, or as being in Town, or on the Road to Town.

The Name of Sir John AJlley Baronet, being called over;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Sir John AJlley Baronet be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ {£; Uerbert' J i 10.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John AJlley Baronet be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament.

The Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest were excused, on Account of Illness, or as being in Town, or on the Road to Town.

The Name of George Speke Esquire being called over;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That George Speke Esquire, be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.JColo^S^: \ltu

Tellers for the Noes,£ JJj; } ,13‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That George Speke Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to\ttend his Service in Parliament.

The Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest (except Jienry Calthorpe Esquire, Joseph Tozvnfend Esquire, Robert VoL. 24*

Neale Esquire, and 'Joseph Wyndhatn AJfte £ (quire) were excused, on Account of their own Illness, or the Illness: or Death of their near Relations, or of extraordinfcrf* Avocations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or in Town, or on the Road to Town.

The Name of Henry Calthorpe Esquire being called over, and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Henry Calthorpe Esquire do attend the' Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of Joseph Townsend Esquire, being called over, and he not being exculed;

Ordered, That Joseph Townsend Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of Robert JNeale Esquire being called over,-and he not being excused;

Ordered, That Robert Neale Esquire do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of Joseph Wyndham Ashe Esquire being called over, and he not being excused;

A Motion was made, and the Question being ppt. That Joseph Wyndham Ashe Esquire be ordered to attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[ M^Fr \

Tellers for the Noes, Geerf^Grenville. \

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Joseph Wyndham Ashe Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament. 1

The Names of others of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared,; and the rest were excused, on Account of their own Illness, or the Illness of their ucar Relations, or as being on the Road to Town.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Three Weeks, the 8th Day of February nexr.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not t.hen attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume td go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 Januarii\

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

MR. Thomas Gere reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitant^ of the Town and Parish of Barking, in the County of Efj'ex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him co report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Wright, being examined, said, That there are great Quantities of Goods brought in Vessels up the said Creek, and landed upon the Wharf mentioned in the Petition; which Wharf is of great and general Ufeto all Persons landing Goods thereupon:

That the Inhabitants of the said Parish have expended several Sums of Money in repairing and suppprting the said Wharf, from time to time; and have lately contributed between Two and Three hundred Pounds for that Purpose.

Mr.

Dic|itizg^jOOQ

Leave of Absence.

Baking

Creek

Wharf.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Wadesmill

Roads.

384 19* Januarii.A. 1742.

Mr. John Boulton said, that he has known several Per- County of York, to in the County of Wefitnore-

Tons landing Goods at the said Wharf, refuse to pay any land, was read the Third time.

Acknowledgment for that Privilege. The Amendments following were severally proposed

And Mr. Walmsley informed the Committee, That the to be made to the Bill; viz.

Parishioners are advised, that they have no Power by Pr. 1. L. 36. After " Beckivith," to insert " Win-.

J^aw to compel the Payment of such Wharfage. " gate Pullein

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Pr. 1. L. 17. After u Dalftone" to insert " Sir Joseph oblige all Persons landing Goods at the Wharf, or Quay, "Pennington:"

situate in the Creek leading from the Town of Barking, L. 32. To leave out "Joseph" and inlert

in the County of Essex, to the River Thames, to pay a " JoJkua

certain Wharfage for the fame, towards the Repair and Pr. 3. L. 9. After " Richardson," to insert " Jona-

Support of the said Wharf, or Quay: And that Mr. "than Eubank senior, Richard Waller, John*Rudd, John

Thomas Gore, Sir Robert Abdy, and Mr. Bramston, do pre- " Shaw"

pare, and bring in, the fame. And the same were, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was Mr. Cornewdl presented to the House, according to amended at the Table accordingly.

Order, a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

the same was received 5 and read the First time. be, An Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. County of York, to Brough, under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland.

Mr. Houblon reported from the Committee, to whom the Ordered, That Sir John Ramsden do carrry the Bill to

Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto sub- the Eords, and desire their Concurrence, feribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his pre- The House being informed. That Jojjpph. Wyndham Defaulter at sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual W* Esquire, who was Yesterday ordered to be taken Call of the repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the *be Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this .~ou^* County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament,

County, was referred, That the Committee had examined was *ben detained in the Country by Illness;

the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Ordered, That Joseph Wyndham Aflie Esquire be dif-

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; charged out of Custody, paying his Lees.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to TlJin?h

was read: and is as followeth; viz. his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to con^: Engi.mXi*.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the cert Measures for the furnishing all Forces in the Pay of nufaflures. Agent for the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Great Britain (as far as it is possible) with the Product Committee, the said Act, pafifed in the Sixth Year of his an(t Manufactures of this Kingdom.

present Majesty; and several Parts thereof were read;' Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his,

whereby it appeared, that certain Tolls were granted and Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his made payable, and several Powers given; which Ad was Majesty’s most Honourable Privy-Council, to have Continuance for Twenty-one Years.

Then Witnesses were called; viz. A Motion was made, and, the Question being put, That Subsidiary

Mr. John Baker: Who, being examined, said. That a» humble Address be preibnted to his Majesty, That he Trc^with the Roads directed to be amended by the said Act, con- will be graciously pleased to give Directions to be laid be- *fnPrcl,‘ tain about Twenty-five Miles, or thereabouts, in Length; fore House, Copies of all Conventions, or Engage-and the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execu- ents, entered into between his Majesty and the Queen tion, finding that the Income by the Tolls to be collected f Hungary, or the King of Sardinia, for paying of would not be sufficient immediately to repair all Parts of 300,000 P<nds to herr’ and of Two h,undred thousand the said Roads, so as that Travellers might pass and re- Pounds to him, out of the Supplies of Uft ^ear; pase through the same with Safety, did borrow aeon- Icpalled in the Negative, siderable Sum of Money to put the said Roads into

®-ePair* Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- Subfujv to

And Mr. Toller, being examined, said, That the Mo- fore this House, an Account of the several Sums of Mo- the Emprdi, ney borrowed by the Trustees, together with the Tolls ney paid to the Queen of Hungary, by virtue of an Act of collected, had been duly applied and laid out in amend- Parliament that granted 300,00c Pounds to his Majesty, ing the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act. to enable him to support the Queen of Hungary; distin-Then the said Mr. Toller produced, and laid before the guishing to whom paid, the Times when paid, and of Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disburse- what Sums were remitted to Amsterdam, in pursuance of merits of the Money borrowed, and Tolls collected at the the Treaty concluded between his Majesty and the Queen several Gates; by which it appeared, that there is now of Hungary, the 13th of June 1741, and at what Rate of due and owing, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum Exchange the same were remitted from hence, of £.2,500.

And the said Mr. Toller and Mr. Baker severally said,

That the Debt now due cannot be repaid, and the Roads A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, effectually amended, unless the Term granted by the That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this former Act be further cpntinued, and the Powers thereby House, an Account of the several Sums of Money issued given enlarged. to the Queen of Hungary and the King of Sardinia, in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament; enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, distinguishing to Whom paid, the Times when paid, and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- of what Sums were remitted by the Contradors for re-jesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing niitting the fame; and to what Places the same were the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of remitted, and at what Rate of Exchange;

Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County: The House was moved, That Part of the Account

And that Mr. Houblon, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. shewing how the Moneygiyen for the Service of the Year Charles Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 174^ bath been disposed of, distinguished under the

several Heads, until the 15th Day of January 174*.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the from Bowes, over Stainmore, in the North Riding of the Overplus thereupon; might be read:

And

Bowes

Road.

Warrant* fop receiving Subsidiet.

l)eduction«

from

SubsidiftSt

HdnketP*

£(tate.

Supply*

Ways and Mean*

iSGeou. 19* — at 'januatiu

And Part of t said Account: beii)g read accordingly; t c ‘ K- ' u r e proper Officer or Officers do lay this ^ou-’ Account of the several Sums of Money issued to thcueen o( H and the King of &atiuux in purfdany -gn Act of the kft Session o{ Parliament; distmgu, so whom id the Times when pa.d, and of w.°Sutns werePremitted by the

Contractors for remitting f and to what P'laces the same were remitted, a at what Rate 0fExchange.

Ordered, That the prope Officer or Offiters do ky before this House, Copies - all Warrants from the Crown to the Paymaster Gei d or his Deputy> {ot receiving any Sums of Money Account of any Sub-fid.es paid to Foreign Princes for the Hire of Fo. feign Troops, since the 25th of iTCjl ^5

O/W That the proper Office officers do liy before this House, an Account of all i> of Money tlut have been deduced or repaid out of,. upon Acc0urt OI, any Subsidies paid to Foreign Prince^for the Hire of Foreign Troops, since the 2jth of A/<a.$ x^26k

Veneris^ 21° die Jaiiuaftt

Anno 16* Gedtgii Ilai Regis, 1742.

PrAyers.

THE House being informed, That Mr* Corbett, froril the Office of the -Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right Honourable the Lords Comtrtissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and re* ceived by the Treasurers of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 1741, to the 31st De* tembtr 17425 distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound\ip with the other Papers of this Session*

Navy

Service#.

Mr. fVimington presented to the House,:COfdifig to Order, a Bill for veiling the Remainder in FeQf several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunke>j?fqUire* in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to fJtestant Purchas’ers: And the same was received 5 and the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Houft to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speec, made from the Throne to both Houses of Parliamei; Upon Tuesday the 21st Day of December last, be referred to the said Committee.

The Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now Jeave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tclkrs for Ihe '?

Tolta for ], S9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday . Morning next, Nixie of the Clock*

Vol. *4.

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty's Prison for fcebtor* \he County of Lecetfter (to the Number of Ten), in behalf PetuioD* cf themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in tie several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to tht House, and read; complaining of their Distress Arri praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tables

M:. Alderman Gabveri reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers ^jaatcPoot. of the Poor, Antients, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Botolpk without Aldgate% in the City of London, wfoofe Names are thereunto subscribed, dn behalf of themselves, and several other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; tnd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at th* Clerk’s Table: Where the same Vos read; and is as foMoweth 5 v/z*

To prove the Allegations of this Petition, the Agent foi the Petitioners called

Xackeus Bourne, Beadle of the said Parish of Aldgatt:

Whi being examined, said, That the said Patish is a very largei Parish, and have a numerous and burthensome Poor annu;lly to maintain.

Tien Mr. John Grate> late Churchwarden of the said Parish laid before your Committee several Books of Rates relating to the P001 of the said Parish; whereby it appeared, that very great Sums of Money have been raised j and, in order to prove, that the Rates are not sufficient to provide for the Poor &f the said Parish, the said Mr.

Grace aid before your Committee an Account of Monies received and paid by several Churchwardens for these Seven Years last past 5 whereby it appeared, that the several Churchwardens had expended for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish the Sum of £.1,866.

5s. 8Jd. more than was raised by such Rates.

The said Mr. Grace being examined, said. That the Money annually raised not being sufficient for the Maintenance of their Poor, occasioned the Parishioners to boi^ row several Sums of Money at an interest of Five Pounds, per Centum per Annum, on the Credit of Orders of Vestry. _ ’ v

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced, and* laid before your Committee, the Vestry Books and Churchwardens Accounts, to prove the fame.

There was also laid before your Committee the Church-wardens Book of Accounts for the said Parish 9 whereby* it appeared, that the several Fines for Parish Offices, and*’ other small Incomes of the Parish, have been chiefly applied towards paying the interest for the -Mctffeydb bor* 1 rowed, as aforesaid; but that there is now a great Arrear S F of

.1

Hockliflfc, *c. Roads.

BockhoU*

Nat.

386

21" Janua

of Interest due to several Persons, who advanted Money for the Support of the Poor of the said Parish, the said Fines and incomes failing considerably short to answer the fame.

The said Mr. Grace, in order to prove, for these Four Years pad, the Poor of the said Parish have increased to, and are, double the Number, laid before your Committee an Account, which the said Mr. Grace said, he examined with the Workhouse Books; whereby it appeared, that they are now more than double the Number of what they were in former Years.

Mr. Jeremiah Bent ham being called, laid before your Committee an Account, which he said he examined with the Parish Books and Accounts; whereby it appeared, that several Debts were contracted by the said Parish; which, with the Interest now due and owing thereon to the several Persons who advanced the fame, amount to the Sum of Two thousand One hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence; which is still due and owing from the said Parish: And the said Mr. Bentham informed your Committee, that the said Sum was applied towards the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

The said Mr. Bentham being further examined, said, That he is employed as an Attorney in defending Three several Actions, which are now depending, against Mr/. Margaret Harvey, Widow and Administratrix of Mr. Thomas Harvey, deceased, late Churchwarden of the said Parish, for several Debts contracted for the Maintenaice of the Poor, during the time he was Churchwarden.

Mr. Robert Pyecroft being examined, said, That tiere is due to him from the said Parish the Sum of^. 137.185*. and upwards; with which he hath credited the farith towards the Maintenance of the Poor: And further informed the Committee, that he has commenad Two several Law-suits for the Recovery thereof.

Mr. John JVhaley being examined, laid, Tint he and several other Persons have subscribed, and agreed, to commence Actions for Debts due to him and several others, which were contracted for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, to raise a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted fa the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the fail Parish: And that Mr. Alderman Calvert and Mr. W*-ford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1742.

wards delivered the Bill, with the An/ments>in at dl®

Clerk’s Table > Where the Amend/13 wucre once read

j one by one; and,

eupon, were, with

agreed to by the

and insert " be-

’’ insert " and Swain Rife, by Elizabeth his

L. 2 2. and in the fam/V1 twLir

throughout: and then a Second ti upon the Question severally put an Amendment to One of tfr House; and are as followeth; f

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out " ber etl " feech

L. 5. After " Ger\

" Rofey Son of Balthazar - ,

"Wife, born at Chrifiana/^2. f,

L. 8. Leave our!]13’ .."din^ ?T: ,.

L. 14. Leave / > and insert ‘‘ they; and after " Bockholt,"m ,fnd S,wa, J! Rf

L. 15. Leav^1 , ,3>. and "fert, ar,e: ,

L 17 I e^out ^le Letter a > and in the

fime Line,'leaveour /Sub^ft*." a,ld inferrt "

L 18 Let out " "c ,s> anid mlert" they are: L* 2i* pveout " he/* and insert " they:" rave out "was," and insert "were;" ,ine, leave out the Letter " aand also in the fam^lne> leave ouC " Subject," and insert

" Subjects. , r t

Lj- Leave out " he, and insert " they;

and after *&ockholt" insert " and Swain Rose

j 26. Leave out "is," and insert "are:"

/. 34. Leave out " liiis,"~ and insert "their:" l,. 35. Leave out " Heir/* and insert "Heirs and inte same Line, leave out " his," and insert " their:" L. 40. Leave out " him," and insert " then):" pr2, L. 2. Leave out " he," and insert " they

L. 8. Leave out "he," and insert "theyand rfte"Bockholt," insert " and Swain Rose:y

L. 14. Leave out the Letter "a;" and in tho fate Line, leave out "Subject," and insert " Subjects L. 20. Leave out " he," and insert " they:" L. 2i. After " BockhoIt>" insert " and Swain

«R*/e:y,

L. 22. After " Merpher," insert " or Members:"

L.26. After "himself," insert "or themselves:" L. 27. After " him," insert " them, or either of c them."

An ingrossied Bill for enlarging the Term and Povers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more efMuai ameniing the Highway between Hockliffeand Woturn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through IVoburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do />afs: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Verm and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the F»dt Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hocklffe and IVoburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through IVoburn, to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Sir John Chester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

2b\r. Hayward reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for natural izirVg John Bockholt, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition *of Swain Ro[ey to them referred; and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; whidr the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; andafeer-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wriu the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William S/oper Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Lutod.&c. the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Roads, unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wefiwood Gate, in the said County; and also of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Corporation of Bedford, and of Silfoe and Luton, in the said County, whose Hands are thereunto also subscribed; was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition," the aforesaid Act of the Thirteenth of his late Majesty, was read; by which it appeared, several Tolls and Dutiea were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called William Becher Esquire: Who said. That when the aforesaid Act passed, the Trustees finding the said Roads in a very ruinous Condition, were obliged to borrow several Sums of Money, to the Amount of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds, to make the same safe for Travellers j

wl\|ch

i6 Geo.il 21* — 24*

which Sums have been duly laid out for the Purposes directed in the Act; and which Sums cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept repaired, without a further Continuance of the Act:

That the Road from St. Albans to Luton is Eight M/les; Four whereof are in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Travellers in Coaches \ and the ltoad from the Town of Bedford to the End of the Parish of Stagsden, in the said County, about Four Miles; and from the said Town of Bedford to Titrvey Bridge, in the said County, Five Miles; by reason of the many Coal Teams and other heavy Carnages frequently passing on the fame, are also in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Travellers in Carriages; nor can the same be repaired, without the further Aid of Parliament:

That the Road from St. Albans, through Luton and Bedford, to WestwooA Gate, is the nearest Way to many Parts of the North of England.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,: An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and from Bedford to the End of the Parish of Stagsden; and from Bedford to Purvey Bridge, in the said County of Bedford: And that Mr. Ongley and Sir John Chester, do prepare, and -bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to concert proper Measures, and form such Alliances, or enter into such Engagements, with other Powers, as his Majesty shall judge necessary for the Support of the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to concert proper Measures, and form such Alliances, or enter into such Engagements, with other Powers, as his Majesty shall judge necessary for the Support of the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telkrs for the Yeas{col^efi£L/: }2

Telkrs for the Noes,^/ }'S6-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunat) 2 40 die Januarii\

Anno 16* Georgii IF* Regis, 1742. Prayers.

Debtors A PETITION of the Prisoners of his Majesty’s Petition. jljL Gaol or Prison in the Castle of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom: And also,

VOL. 24.

A Petition of the Prisoners of his Majesty’s Prison in the County Gaol of Hereford, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom*;

Were severally presented to the Houses, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and charter-iwufc Inhabitants of the Houses in Charter-house Square, in the Square County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for ImI’^ova^,cnr, railing a sufficient Sum of Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Nathanael Cur zon, Sir Roger New digate, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Careiv, Mr. War burton. Sir James Grant, Nix. Williams, Mr, Qjbcildifton, Mr. Selzvyn,

Mr. Plumer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Dr. Lee, Sir Tko-mas Drury, Mr. P/umpire, Mr. Missing, Mr. West, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Fofter, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ord, Mr. Saville, Mr. Hervey* Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Strange,

Mr. Torke, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Digby, Mr.

Croivle, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Shuttleworth, Dr. Cote;,

Mr. Denton, Lord Carpenter, Lord Perceval, Mr. Pow-ney, Mr. Packer, Sir H. Liddell, 'Sir Erasmus Phillips,

Lord Deerhurff, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Cooke,

Mx. White, Mr. Godolphin, Mr Grant, Mr. Rowney> and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex and the City of London: And they are -to meet f Jthis Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnlW to Address of Wednesday iaft (That his Majesty will begra- Addfefs* ciously pleased to concert Measures for the furnishihgall Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, as far as it is possible, with the Product and Manufactures of this Kingdom) had been presented to his Majesty; to which his Majesty Was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

That his Majesty is always desirous to give Encouragement to the Manufactures of this Kingdom, so far as it is possible, and may be consistent with the publick Service.

Ordered, That Sir John Aftley Baronet, a Member of Defaulter a£ this House, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending Gj|l th® this House, for neglecting to attend his Service in Par- uie* liament, be discharged out of Custody, paying’ his Fees. '

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities,

Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to re lira in the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers, at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching thd fele&ons i* Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Par- Scotland, liament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and Regulate the Conduct* of Returning Officers at such Elections; Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill

.. 24? — 15° Jammi.

' * K

cA> i ^4i.:

Cy*' A Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the c ions. Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that, Part of Great Britain called England1, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Return- ing Officers at such Elections; was read a Second time.^ Rjefolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,. . 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mdrn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole . House, upon the said Bill.

:; t . > ,*,

Wearing The Lord Strange presented to the House, according

Gold Lace, to Ordeal a: Bill to*prohibit thd Wearing of Gold ancT &c* _ Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in'Apparel: And the same was received; and read the Ffrft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be r£ad a Second time.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

i vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House the Thirteenth Day of December last (That . Edward Keyboe, William-Glajcock, James Bntnard, and Francis Eden, did, upon the nth Day of July last, endeavour to make a forcible Entry into the House of Sir Wat-kyn Williams Wynne Baronet, a Member of this House, in Downing street, Westminster; and did then and there assault Edward Flemmings Porter to the said Member, in . Breach of the Privilege of this House; be received Tomorrow . Morning. v

Shepherds* Ordertd> That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen*

Reads wk°'*re to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the - Road leading from Marlborough through West Kennet to Shepherds JShord *, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beck-hampton to, the Top oiCheril Hill-, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts \ That they do insert a Clause to impower the Trustees to cause Jo be set up a Lamp or Lamps, or other Lights, between Shepherds Shord and the Townof Marlborough.

.. A -

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved,. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into*a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Which cote have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Charles Pelham have Leave to go

Absence. Bath Jot the Recovery of his H ealth.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis} 250 die Januarii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742;

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added tc* the Bill, by way of Rider, to iippower certain ^ersons, to be therein named, to assign and appoint Lands, Tythedfree* to the Lords of the Manor of Aston *tirrold, in heii of Lands, Tythe-free, and in Jieu of Tythes payable to them \ and for alSgnirtg and appointing to them other.Lands* Tythe free, in lieu of their Sheep Commons belonging to Aftbii rditm\ and also for aligning- and appointing full TytHes out* of all other Lands to the Rector of Aston Tir* told, and his Successors, or a Recompense in lieu thereof.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which were. filled up with t}ie Names of Five several Persons, to be impoWered as aforesaid.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time .* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House to be made Part of the Bill*.

In consequence Whereof, another Amendment was proposed to be made by the Hqufe to the Bill, by leaving out a Clause therein, which immediately follows after the Word <c extinguished," in Pr. 17. L. 19. to the Word " Provided," in Pr. 18. L. 26.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was taken out of the Bill accordingly, by rafing out one Part, and cutting off the Remainder, at the Table.

Other Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill* viz.

Pr. 19, L. 13. To leave out cc Easter" and inferb " Michaelmas

L. 21. After the Word " and, " and before the Word, Adjudication," to insert " making."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and rendering more effectual certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields and common Downs within the Manor and Parish of Aston ttrrold, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities and net Produce of the Duties upon Foreign Brandy and Spirits, from Midsummer 1735,to Midsummer 1742: And also,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duties upo* strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, from Midsummer 1735, to Midsummer 1742: And also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1735, to Midsummer 1742.

And* then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Prayers. ~

AllanTtrrold A N ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agree-Inclosure. Tjl ment, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Downs and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Aston Thrvld, in the Chuhty <*£> Berks, was read the Tiiir4 Lime.

Excise

Duties an Spirits and ficer

id Gfio. II.

2.5° Janu

389

Excise. An ACCOUNT of the Quantities and net Produce of the Duties upon Foreign Brandy and Spirits, from 'Midsummer 1735, to Mtdjumitr 1742; distinguishing each Yearviz.

Quantities. Net Produce.

r Brandy. \ Rum.

Gallons. Gallons, x £ s.

'»736 4S8,537i 33 W 156,98*9 15 3*

1737 312,892’ 39°>7I5 138,609 11 7*

i73« 422,312-j- i92.739f 126,917 H IO*

'739 361,111;- 328,746 I37>323 9 3i

1 1740 416,046-!- 416,897* 164,878 '4 li

'74i 369>873r 320.367 136,221 6 ' 44

V.1742 312,001’- 469,899* 151,446 4 8

2,622,776* 2,451,380* 1,012,386 16 34

Year ended Midsummer

‘Excise Office, 25th January 1742.

Examined per Ben. Needier, Accomptant- General.

Cka. Polhillr, ff/». Burton, jD. Papillon.

J. Fovule, J. Orlebar

7*. Vernon, Aug.

Excise. An ACCOUNT of the net Produce of the Dutie# upon strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, from Midsummer 1735, to Midsummer 1742* distinguishing each Year; v/z.

Net Produce of (Irong Waters and Spirits. Net produce of low Wines. Total cf both.

£- j. £ d £ j. 1/.

68,711 H 6i 66,042 10 i| *34-5' 5 6*

49,637 16 9* 45,960 6 — 95*5^ 2 9i

64,295 1 5* ' 55*753 J9 3i 120,0^9 — si

67,756 — 74 62,934 9 130,690 10 4r

79,°49 5 9 69,797 6 148,846 11 Hi

89,474 5 9! 76,21515 7 i' 165,690 1 5*

95,527 6 10* 75,844 3 a* 171,371 10 1

514,451 11 7*' 452,54811 — i 967,000 2 8*

Year ended Midsummer

1736 173’ 1738

*739

174°

1741

1742

Excite Office, 25th ’January 1742. Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant-General.

Cta. Polhill, Aug. Earle,

7- Fowle, D. Papillon,

Ja. Vernon, 7. Orlebar.

JVm. Burton.

Excise. An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1735,

to Msdjwmmer 1742; distinguishing each Year; vi*.

Year ended Midsummer

Excise Office, 25th January 1742.

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accorrptant-General.

1736

1737

1738

*739

1740

1741

1742

Gross Produce. Net Produce.

£ J. J.

1,028,792 17 -1 929,^8 I li

1,04',33 7 18 -i 935,132 I 10*

1,017,136 9 i* 912,796 5 —

1,039,666 3 6 935>‘s5 6 Si

l>°>7>795 6 4 916,34° n O u

956,144 19 10* 852,550 *5 6;

1,002,165 1 895.I 22 1 6

7,103,038 IS 1* 6,376>274 IS 4l

Cha. Polhill, IVm. Burl on, 7 Orlebar, D. Papillon.

7 Fozv e, Ja. Vernon, vfyg*. Earle.

VOL. 24f

5g

Drilled

1

Sockholt’s

Nit.

Evesham

Roads.

39°

2 50 Januarii.

A. 1742.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bockholt was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

After " Bockholt" to add " and S wain Rose ' And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Parjhore, in the County of Wore eft er, and of (Vick near Parjhore, PenJJ am. Great Comber ton, Little Comber ton, Bricklehampton, E m 'ey Castle, Netherton, Over bury, and Conderton, in the said County of Worcester, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act of Parliament was made in the Year 1728, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several (loads leading to and from the Boroiigh of Evesham, in the County of War-eester; by which a Road leading from the said Borough to the First Chain of Wick Causey, next the Foot of Good ley Hill, next the Bridge at Parjhore, in the said County (being about 400 Yards short of the said Town) is directed to be repaired; and that, in pursuance of such Act, a Turnpike was erected at or near the Foot of the said Goodley Hill; and that the Road leading from the said Turnpike to the Top of the said Goodley Hill, and along the Top thereof to a certain Ground in Wick aforesaid, called the Grove (being in Length about 800 Yards from the said Turnpike, and thedirect Road to Penfham, the Two Combtrtons, and the other Towns and Villages above-mentioned), is, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages parting and repafiing from the said Towns and Villages to the said Town of Parjhore and City of Worcester, become very ruinous, and, in the Winter S^afon, almost impartible; and that the Inhabitants of the said respective Towns and Villages, and all Persons travelling to and from thence to the said Town of Parjhore and City of Worcester, are, by the present Act, obliged to pay a Toll at the said Turnpike, although they do not travel One Yard upon the lload by the said Act directed to be repaired; and -that the said lload leading from the said Turnpike to the said Town of Parjhore, is also very ruinous, and out of Repair, and, by reason of the Narrownels and Lowness of the causeys leading to and from the great Bridge over the River Avon there, it is, in Flood-times very difficult, and oftentimes impossible, for Persons travellingon Horseback..lo pass the said causeys, without the greatest Hazard of their Lives, and not without instances of Persons and Cattle having periffied in parting over the said causeys and Water in such Flood-times; and that all Carriages whatsoever are obliged, in Times of Flood (which often continue for a Fortnight or Three Weeks together) to ferry over the said River, by reason of the Lowness and Narrow ness of the said Causey^; which is attended with no small Hazard to the Owners of, and Expence to the Public in ferrying over, such Carriages, which, by the present Act, is directed to be paid out of the Tolls thereby granted: And representing to the House, that these and many other like Difficulties and Inconveniencies might be removed, by rairtng and widening the said causeys; and that the said Turnpike is erected in the most advantageous Place that possibly can be for collecting the Toils by the present Act; yet that there is a common Meadow belonging to the Township of Wick, which adjoins to the Road lying between the said Turnpike and the said Town of Parjhore, through

x7

which, in open Tide, many Persons travelling to and from the many Towns and Villages between Evesham and Par-JJtore can and do pass, without Payment of any Toll, to the great Lefiening thereof; which cannot be remedied by the present Act; and that the carrying on the Roads from the said Turnpike to a Place called the Mill-tail, at or near that End of the said Town of Parjhore, which lies next the said Turnpike; and the erecting a Turnpike at or near the same End of the said Town would remove the above, and many other Inconveniencies the present Act now lies under: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Condderation; and that in case any Bill shall be brought in upon the Petition lately pre-lented to the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, that proper Clauses may be inferred therein, for repairing and carrying on the said Roads from the Foot of the said Goodly Hill to the said Ground called the Grove; and also from the said Turnpike to the said Mill-tail at the said End of the said Town of Parjhore; and for railing and widening the said causeys (exclusive of the great Stone Bridge over the said River Avon there); and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester \ and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants dwelling and residing in and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie, and many others frequently travelling through the said Roads; as likewise of Hannah Mence, of the City of Worcester, Widow, Relict, and Administratrix, of Samuel Mence Gent deceased, James Smith of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, Gent, and Hannah Wynn of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, Spinster, Devisee of Elizabeth Humphreys Widow, deceased, Creditors under the said Act; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling through, the Road leading from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, through Wickhamford, to Wilier fey, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and , read; setting forth. That the Petitioners find a Petition has been presented to this House from several of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the said County of Worcester; and from several other Persons; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, in order effectually to amend and keep the said Roads in Repair: That the Road aforesaid leading from Evesham, through Wickhamford, to Willerfey, being Five Miles, or thereabouts, joins to the Road directed to be repaired by the Act aforesaid; but the said Road, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become so ruinous and bad, especially in the Winter Season, that it cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being for amending the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually repaired: And therefore praying, That if a Bill should pass for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the before-mentioned Act, such Provision may be made therein for repairing the Road leading from Evesham, through Wickhamford, to Willerfey aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Roads.

Bethnal Green Parish, &c.

16 Geo. II. 2 50 Januarii. 391

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants dwelling and residing in and near the several Paiifbes wherein the same Roads lie, and many others frequently travelling through the said Roads; as like wife of Hannah Aience of the City of Wor ceftery Widow, Relict, and Administratrix, of Samuel Mence Gentleman, deceased, James Smith of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, Gentleman, and Hannah Wynnod Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, Spinster, Devisee of Elizabeth Humphreys Widow, deceased. Creditors under the said Act; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhurst and Mr. West be added to the said Committee.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middle-Jex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards de!ivefed it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Job Lotmon (who had formerly been an Assessor of the Land Tax for that Hamlet) was called; and he gave Evidence, That the Parish of Stepney is composed of Five Hamlets, whereof Bethnal Green is One; and that that Hamlet consists of more than 1,800 Houses; several of which contain more than One Family; so that be believes the Number of the Inhabitants of this Hamlet amounts to between Fifteen or Sixteen thousand.

And the same Witness said, That the mo ft populous Part of the said Hamlet of Bethnal Green lies at the Distance of Two Miles from the Parish Church of Stepney; anfl that there is no other public Chapel or Place of Divine Worship, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, in or belonging to the said Hamlet, except Stepney Church; which, besides the Dtllance, is much too small to receive so numerous a Congregation as would willingly attend Divine Service there: That the Witness himself, and his Family, have found it impracticable to get Seats there; the Church being always full long before Service begins.

He further informed the Committee, That several Persons of Substance and Reputation have removed from Bethnal Green, to the great Impoverishment of that Ham t; for no other reason (as themselves declared) than the Inconveniencies complained of in the Petition.

Ti en Mr. John Sherman {a Person who was formerly employed by the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the City of London) was called; who produced, and laid before the Committee the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, from the 3d of April 1718, to the 31st of May 1728; wherein are the following Entries 5 which were read; and are as follows:

" At a Meeting of the Commissioners appointed for u building Fifty new Churches, at their Office in Old Palace Yard, Westminster, on Friday the 27 th oi November 1724.

44 Mr. James having laid a Plan of a Piece of Ground, 44 proposed by Mr. White for a Site'of a Church in Bethnal Green, and his Report thereupon; it is agreed, that M the Commissioners will purchase Two Acres and a Half VOL, 24.

c< of the said Ground, at £.4 per Acre, at Twenty Years is Purchase; and Mr. White to enjoy the Rents and cc Profits thereof till the Foundation of the said new Church intended shall be laid.

44 And at another Meeting of the said Commissioners,

44 the 22d October, 1725;

<c A Warrant for paying £. 200 to Mr. White, for the 4< Purchase of a Piece of Ground to build a Church upon in the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, was signed by the c< Commissioners; the Title having been before examined " and approved of by the Solicitor.'*

And the said Mr. Sherman also produced, and laid before the Committee, a Book, wherein Copies of all the Warrants signed by the said Commissioners are entered; and in that Book is a Warrant signed by them for Payment of the said £. 200; which Warrant was read.

Mr. Lonnon being further examined, said, That the Buildings on new Foundations in the Hamlet of Bethnal Green are very much increased within these Twelve Years; and that there are Two Clergymen belonging to the Parish of Stepney, who are usually called Portionifts; but are distinguished by the Name of Vicars, or Rectors, in the Table of Fees, who are entitled to the Profits of the Rectory; and that they are presented to the same by the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, of Brazen Nose College in Oxon,

And the said Mr. Lonnon being a(ked, If the Profits arising within the Hamlet of Bethnal Green will be sufficient to maintain a Minister to officiate in the Church proposed to be built therein ? he laid, That, at a moderate Computation, they will amount to between £.140 and jT.ijoa Year.

Mr. Anthony Knight and Mr. 'Thomas Bridge, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr,

Job Lonnon; and the former of them added, That there are not above Four or Five Pews in Stepney Church, which properly belong to the Inhabitants of Bethnal Green.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Greent in the Parish of St,

Dunfcatiy Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish Church therein: And that Sir Hugh Smith/on9 the Lord Dup-p/in, and Sir Roger Newdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hume Campbell reported from the Committee, to Great whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Brington Fields within the Parish of Great Brington> in the County Inclomre* of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except John Elliott, who had been appriled of the intended Inclosure, and had an Interest only in One Yard-land and Three-fourths the whole common Fields confiding of Sixty-two Yard-lands); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thn a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Dr. Lee, according to Order, reported from the Commitree of Privileges and Eieftions, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir l¥at+ kyn Williams Wynn Baroner, a Member \ f this House; and the Resolutions of the Commilree thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place > and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To

Privilege.

39?

To prove what is pledged in the Complaint (which was, that Edward Key hoe* (Viliam Glascock, James Bra-Hard, and Francis Eden, did, upon the nth Day of July last, endeavour to make a forcible Entry into the Hoyfe of Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn Baronet, a Member of this House, in Downing-street, Westminster; and did then and there assault Edward Flemming, Porter to the said Member);

The Counsel for Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn examined the said Edward Flemming \ whose Evidence was, That, on the nth of the said July, in the Forenoon, some Persons knocked at the Door of his Matter’s House in Downing-street; which being opened, Four or Five of those Persons forced in, and asked for Money as a Reward for their having assisted in extinguishing a Fire that had broke out the Evening before at another House in the same Street; and the Witness answering, that his Matter was not in Town, Edward Key hoe. One of those Persons, replied, ‘‘ They would have Money, or " he, Key hoe, would knock the Witness’s Head off;" and at the same time seized him by his Collar: Whereupon the Witness said, he struck Keyhoe:

That William Glascock, another of those Persons, did, at the same time attainted the Witness, place himself between him and the Chimney, where Fire-arms’ were deposited, and prevented the Witness's firing at them; which otherwise he said he should have done, as he was solely intruded with the Care of the House, during his Matter’s llelidence in the Country; and was the only Person in it at that time; and did then, and does now, believe their Intention was to have robbed the House.

Four Persons, whose Names were Edward Key hoe, James Bran an, Francis Eden, and William Glascock, appearing before the Committee, the Witness was directed to view them; and being asked the Question, said, that he could not positively assert that James Branan and Francis Eden were Parties in the Proceeding complained of; but he mentioned some Reasons for the Certainty of his Evidence with regard to Keyhoe an/i Glascock.

And being cross-examined by the Two Persons last-named, he denied that the Door was open, when they and others came for Money; or that he asked them concerning their having Fire-office Tickets; or that, upon their going away, he called or beckoned to them to return; but said, that Keyhoe laid hold of him before he knocked him down with his Staff; and that Glascock placed himself as before described, and swore several Oaths at the same time that Keyhoe assaulted the Witness.

The Persons complained of, in order to disprove the

Evidence given by the said Flemming, called the

following Witnesses:

Christopher Tool; who being examined, said, That he was One who assisted in working an Engine at the Fire before-mentioned; for which a Ticket was delivered him; and the next Day he received Eighteen Pence at the Fire-Office: That he accompanied Keyhoe, Glascock, and others, when they went to several Houses in Down-ing-Jlrcet, to collect Money to drink on that Occasion; and that Glascock was the Person who knocked at Sir Watkyn Williams\ Door, and asked for Money; upon which, the Servant answering, they were no Firemen, Glascock said they had been of Service, and produced a Ticket *, and that the Servant spoke some abusive Words, and then brought out. his Staff, and knocked Keyhoe down, and ftiut the Door.

He said, That the Names of the other Persons in Company, besides himself, Keyhoe, arid Glascock, were one Duncan, Pierfe Carr, and John Deely:

That James Branan was absent at that time; and that the Witness did not fee Francis Eden any time that Day.

Neither did he, as he said, fee any of the other Persons he named, who werepresent at the time he spoke of, eater, into the House; but that Glascock &ood at the Threshold of the Door, when produced the Ticket;

174a.

and was retiring, when the Servant beckoned with his Finger to him to come back; which was before he struck Keyhoe; and he added, that he did oot fee Keyhoe assault the said Flemming.

Pierfe Carr being examined, confirmed Toots Evidence as to the Person who asked, and the Manner of his asking, the said Flemming for Money; adding like wile, that Flemming saying his Matter was not in Town, they went away; but, upon his beckoning to them, Keyhoe and Glascock returned back, and the Witness heard. Flemming make use of some reproachful Words, which Keyhoe returned; and that afterwards he faiv Flemming give Keyhoe a Blow with his Staff; but did not fee any: Persons enter into the House.

And this Witness and Tool being severally asked the Question,. said, That, had the said Persons i’ucceeded in their Demands, they, the Witnesses, should have expected a Share of the Money.

John Deely- said. That lie fa w Sir Watkyn Williams'% Servant beckon to the Persons named before, after they went from his Matter's Door 5 but was not near enough to hear what Words patted between them; however, on their Return back, in about the Space of Two Minutes, the Servant came out, and struck Keyhoe on the Head with his Staff, and broke his Head:

That he did not fee any Person offer to go into the House; or did he know that Sir Watkyn Wtlliams Wynn was out of Town.

And being asked, If he thought himself intitled to any Money, had it been collected ? he said. He did not know but he might.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions s Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Edward Keyhoe did, upon the nth day of July last, endeavour to make a forcible Entry into the House of Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn Baronet, a Member of this House, in Dozvning-street, Westmiufler, and did then and there assault Edward Flemming, Porter to the said Member.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Edward Keyhoe is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That William Glascock did, upon the nth Day of July last, endeavour to make a forcible Entry into the said House of the said Sir Watkyn Williams Wynn, and did then and there assault the said Edward Flemming.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said William Glascock is thereby guilty of Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report do lie upon the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas, j 1 8°'

Tellers for the Noes,} }ra6.;

So it passed in the Negative.

The several Resolutions of the said Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Edward Keyhoe be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Glascock be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The several Orders for the Attendance of the several Members, who were, upon Tuesday last, ordered to attend the Service of this House this Day, being read; They appeared*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr.

2 50 Janua

Call of the House.

16 Geo. II. 250 — 26° Januarii. 393

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for MamaT* ma^ing the Exemplification of the Settlement made by Settlement. James Earl of Anglesey on his Marriage with Katharine now Duchess Dowager of Buckinghamshire and Norman by, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Lord Quarendon have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Mercuric 26° die Januarii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742. Prayers*

Warminster OIR Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Land Tax Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whoseglands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof, feoufeDuties Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houseswere {landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Milling A Petition of several Merchants, Maltsters, and Brew-fr°edCorn^" ers’ *n Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of orn‘ Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Resolution reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, " That it is the Opinion of the said Committee, That, " towards raising the Supply granted there should " be paid for every Gallon of low Wines or Spirits of " the First Extraction, made or drawn only from any " Sort of Drink or Wash brewed or made from any " Sort of Malt or Corn, other than and except Brewers ts Wash or Tilts, One Peny over and above all Duties " charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Dif-<c tillers or Makers thereof;" and representing to the House, That several Laws were heretofore made, for obliging all Distillers to draw their low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink* Vol. 24.

made of malted Corn intirely; and that Spirits drawn from Malt only are more wholesome than such as are-drawn from unmalted Corn mixed with Malt; and that, by the Distillers Use of unmalted C;orn, much less Corn, as well as Malt, is consumed, to the great Disadvantage of his Majesty’s Revenue, and to the Loss of the Manufacture to the Subject, as also to the landed Interest; and is very prejudicial to Trade, as well as Navigation: And therefore, in behalf of themselves, and many others prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Relief therein, that the Distillers may be restrained from the using of unmalted Corn, and the Laws heretofore-made, for the Consumption of malted Corn, be enforced, or revived, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Robert Abdy reported from the Committee, to whom Harlow Bulh the Petition of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Common Peace for the County of Essex, whose Names are there- Roads* unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and also of several other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants, dwelling and redding in and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter, of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the aforesaid Act was read; by which it appeared to your Committee, that several Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Robert Unit: Who laid before the Committee a

Mortgage, from the Trustees to the said Robert Unit, of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid; by which it appeared there still remains a Debt of £.800 with Interest, from Michaelmas last.

Mr. John Lake laid before the Committee a Book of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Tolls and Duties, by which it appeared to your Committee, that the said Mortgage could not be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, without a further Continuance of the aforesaid Act.

Mr. Richard King, being examined, said, That to repair many Parts of the said Roads, they are obliged to carry Materials Three or Four Miles; and should a Quarter of a Year pass without the same being repaired, it would be dangerous for Passengers* '»

Mr. Richard Way let, Mr. Collins, being severally examined, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence of Mr. Richard Eing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow to Woodford, in the County of Essex: And that Sir Robert A$dy, Mr.

Gray, and Mr. Bramjhn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according Supply Bill to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Duties on Liquors, and Licences for retailing the fame, and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second! time. C

£ H Ordered,

394 atf* — ^7*

Defaulter at Ordered, That Eftjuirt'y a Member of this

Call of the House, how in the Cristody Of the Seijearif at Arm9 at-House. tending this House, fot negfecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Leave of Ordtttd, That Mr. James Shuttleworth have Leave to

Absence. go into the Coufitry for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Dummer The Lord Harry Powlet) presented to the House, ac-

Inclosure. co^}}ng to Order, a Bill for lriclosing and dividing several common Fields and common Failure's, in the Parish of Dumrhet, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; arid read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Punching , Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Wkitiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Fay-

demon. mcftt Qf t^e £rrtly an(] their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Boone* and Mr. Monson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, that the Handwriting of a Member of this House had been counterfeited upon several Letters* in order to prevent their being charged with the Duty of Postage;

Rifolved, Neihine contradiccHte, That an humble Address be presented tohls Majesty, That hewillbe graciously pleased tb give Directions to his Attorney-General to prosecute at Law such Persons as counterfeit, or otherwise. fraudulently make use of, the Hand-Writing of Members of this House, Upon Letters, in order to prevent such Letters being charged with the Duty of Postage.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Wayi The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Hotife will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, dated at Lady-day 174a, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That Surplusses* stated at Michaelmas 174ft, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Rstablishment of the Royal African Company of England* for their Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 174a; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1743* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 24, 1741, to November 3, 1742, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 24, 1741, to

Januarii. A. 1742.

November 3, 1742, both inclusive, be referred so the said Committee.

Ordered, That Accounts of the Treasurer to she Commissioners* of Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1741, to 29th September 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St* Peter, iVeft-minster, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Part of the Revenue of the Abbey Church of St. Peter, Westminster, has, by any Grant, orothefwife, been given for the Repair of the said Church, and how it has been disposed of, for Se~ ven Years last pad* be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mofning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir H. Smithson, Mr. Shuttlevuorth, Mr. Boroughbndp Aiflabie, Mr. Piers, Sir John Ramsden, Sir M. Stapylton,

Mr. Frattkland, Mr. Ofbaldefton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the High Road from Borough Bridge to Calherick, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovt Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 27® (lie januarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742*

pRAYfcfcS.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Escapeof the Bill for the further Punishment of Persons Prifoom/4 who shall aftift or encourage Prisoners to escape, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dtrefbed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments Were once read througheut; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Merchants, and Inha- Boroughbridgi bitants of Tarum, in the North Riding of the County of ^oad*. York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the said Town of Yarum is a very antient Market Town, and by its Situation upon the River Tees, which is a navigable River, great Quantities of Lead, Butter, firkins, Corn, Tallow, and ocher Commodities, which ate thete bought, ana shipped for London, and othcJ Places, afe almost daily brought to Yarum aforesaid, by Land-carriage, from the several inland Market Towns of Richmond, Bedall, Middleham, Mafiim, Afkrigg, Reefh, add Rawest and also from divers other Places in she 29 Neighbour-

16 Geo. IL $7° Jamtarii. 395

Neighbourhood of those several Market Towns in the said North-Riding, and likewise great Quantities of Grocery Wares* Flax, Iron, Tar, Timber, Fir Deals, Salt, and other Merchandizes, are sent by Land-carriage from Tarim aforesaid to the above-mentioned Seven several Market-Towns, and other Places thereto respectively adjacent-, and that the Two several Roads, the one leading from Borough-bridge to Cath trick, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees 5 and the other leading from Borough-bridge aforesaid to Northallerton, and from thence to a Ford or Passage over the said River Tees, opposite to the Town of Nee/ham (for the Repairing whereof Two several Bills are now depending in the House); both of them lie between Tarum aforesaid, and the said Seven several other Market Towns and Places above-mentioned Ya-rum being situate on the East Side of the said Two Roads, and the said other Market Towns and Places on the West Side thereof; so that all Horses, Carts, and other Carriages, passing and repassing to and from Yarum aforesaid, and the said Seven several other Market Towns and Places are obliged to go cross both the said Roads in several Parts thereof; and representing to the House, that if the said Bills should pass into a Law, and Turnpikes should be fixed upon those Parts of the said Roads where the same must necessarily be crofted by all Horses, Carts, and Carriages, passing and repassing betwixt Yarum aforesaid, and the said Seven several other Market Towns and Places, such Horses, &c. must be subjected to pay the Tolls in the said several Bills mentioned, for and towards the Repair of the said Roads respectively, and would bear the Burthen, and want the Benefit intended thereby; which, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, would be a very great Hardship upon all Persons having Occa-lion to travel cross the said Roads, and tend to ruin the Trade of the said Town of Yarum in particular; for that in the several Places where Travellers cross the said Roads, they, in some Places thereof, only pass a few Yards, and at the most do not travel above a Quarterof a Mile thereon, feve when a Flood (which seldomhappens) renders a Ford or Passage over the River Swale, near Catherick, im-pastable; and in that case they do not travel above a computed Mile upon that Road, which leads from Borough-bridge to Piers Bridge aforesaid: And therefore praying, That these Bills may not pass, without having such Provides, or Clauses of Exception, therein respectively inferred, of aft Horses, Carts, and other Carriages, which make no further or other Use of the said Two several Roads than in crofting thereof, or going so short a Way thereon, as above set forth, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on 'the River Tees, is committed*

Law* re- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

lating to who were appointed to conficfer the Act, made in die

Rogues, Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti*

aga ones, an Act for amending , and enforcing the Laws

relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif-orderiy Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament5 and also for amending the Laws forerefting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; and to report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; and who were iaftrufted toeonfider the Laws relating to the Poor, so far as the feme concern the Removal and Relief of Poor Persons; and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereuntos that they do consider the Laws relating to the Settlement of Poor fPerfoos^ and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto.

Shepherd* Sir Robert Long pr-efenced to the House, according to

Shord, &c. Order, a Bill for repairing the Road Jeading from Marl-Road. borough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord, and Vot. 24.

from the Hare and Hounds id BeckhampHn, to the Top of Cheril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckkampton, in the County of Wilts; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Citizens of London, imptifoned in Debtors Ludgate, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prifaps of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Conviction the more easy and effectual Conviction of Offenders, oftransported found at large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation: And Ui^e. that Mr. Carew, the Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, and Mr, Alderman Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the feme,

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Wearing Commonalty, of the Art and Mystery of drawing and Gold Lace, flatting of Gold and Silver Wire, and puking and spin- &c-ning of Gold and Silver Thread and Stuff, in the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands employed in those Branches of the Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House,

That, if the Bill depending in the House to prohibit the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace Thread or Wire in Apparel, should pass into a Law, not only the Petitioners, but some Thousand Families, who are intirely dependant on the Petitioners, will be deprived of the Means of getting their Bread, and reduced to the greatest Ne-ceflity: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before it pafles into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Gold Lace, count of the Quantity of Gold and Silver Lace Thread &c. exported, and Wire, exported for Seven Years last past.

Ordered, That there be laid before Ups House, an Ac- Duty on count of the Amount of the gross and net Produce of the Duty upon Gilt and Silver Wire, for Seven Years last c* past, together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawback upon the Exportation of Gold, Gilt, and Silver Lace Thread and Wire, for the same time.

A BilJ for the Relief of mfojvent Debtors, was read a insolvent Second Time. Debtors.

Refdvcd\ That the Bill be committed to Mr, Conie-wall, Mr. Foley, Lord Gage, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Grove,

Mr. Gray, Mr. <Chester, Mr. fVigley, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Alderman, Marshal, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fazakerky, Mr.

Hay, Mr. M(Kenzie, Mr. SAuttJeworjh, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Ed. Gybbon, Mr. Portman, Mr. Walker, Mr. Digby, Mr.

Alderman Lambert, Sir Boteler Qharnpck, Mr. Grant,

Mr. Jeffreys, Mi; Morgan, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mellifii,

Mr. Godolphin, Lord Perceval, Mr. Smith, Mr. Beynet,

Sir John AJlley, Mr. Strode, Mr. Dodiugtan, Mr. Stuart,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Papham, Mr. Williams, Mr, Pro by.

Lord Sidney Beauder-k, Mr, Gwe, Mr. Fel/owes, Sir Wm.

Courtenay, Sir WWms..Wyttu, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Carew, Lord Strange, Mr, Talbot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Quarcndan, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Rosse, Sir J,of. Remington, Mr.

Lechmere, Sir John Chester, Sir Charles Wyndham, Lord Deerhwjl, Mr. Rozvney; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all that oome are to h*ave Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of fcltf Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

> Mr.

39^ 27° — ^8°

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according ta Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-eight thousand Five hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay to Sea Officers), for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Eight hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, for One Year’s Interest, due on or before the 5th Day of November 1742, on the principal Sum of One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, lent on Credit of the Salt Duty, towards the Supply of the Year 1741.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Seven hundred Eighty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-peny be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty upon all Victuallers and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at Michaelmas 1742.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast. of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the repairing and finiftring the Collegiate Church of St. Petn, Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finifti the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trustsreposed in them.

‘ The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Januarii. A. 1742.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the EIeaionj« 1 whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Scotland.

Laws touching the Elections of Members to.serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers, at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please.to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next. 1

j

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow j

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 8° die Januarii \

Anno 16° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Abdy presented to the House, according to Harlow BnUi Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, Common granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign oad’ of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bennet presented to the House, according to Order, Encouraging a Bill for the better Preservation of Fish and Game, by encouraging the Destruction of Vermin: And the same

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay Low Wine* before this House, an Account of the Quantities and Pro- *c* duce of low Wines and Spirits, extracted from Malt or Corn, from Midsummer 1732, to Midsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities and Produce of low Wines and Spirits, extracted from foreign Materials, from Midsummer 1732, to Midsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Li- Supply Bill; quors, and Licences for retailing the fame, and for laying Duties on on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors, was read a Second time. qL°r' C*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the City, &c, Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities, Eieftioiu. Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 4 Ho^fe, upon the said Bill.

An

Wtttiuafter

load.

Laws relating to Rogues Vagabonds, &c.

County

Elections.

Bellamy’s

Name.

Wearing Gold Lace, &c.

r6 Geo. II. 2 8° Jmtuctrii. — 1° Februarii.

391

An ihgrotted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers,

Santed by an. Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the sign of his.lafe Majesty King Georgr the Ffrft, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act "for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act* passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That t Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to tTie Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That t?he Report from the Committee, appointed to consider the: Act, nuadein the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending apd enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dtiforderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws for ereccting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction; and to report their Opi-most -to i-be Hotdevas to what Amendments may be proper to be made ^hereunto; and who were instructed to consider die Laws relating to the Poor, so far as the same concern the Removaknd ReHefof poor Persons; and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper.to be made thereunto; and who were also in-strafted to consider the Laws relating to the Settlement of* poor Persons; and to report their Opinion to the House, as so what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; be received upon Tuesday Morning next?

The Order of the Day being read:

The House fefolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he wai di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Thread, or Wire, in Apparel, should pate into a Law, not only the Petitioners and their Families, but also a great Number of Women and Children, who are fub-‘ filled by that Trade, will be reduced to the greatest Extremity for want of Employment, and become a great'

Burthen to the several Parishes where they live: And: therefore praying. That they tnay be heard by their Coun-fel against the said Bill, before it passes into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit. f

A Petition of the several Dealers in Gold and Silver Wearing Lace, Thread, and Wire (commonly called Lacenien, Gold Lace, Bone-lace Weavers, Net makers, and Fringe-fnakers,' living in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf cTlhemfefcveSyand many Thousands employed in the Mairufefttnc, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, in case the Bill now depending in the House, to prohibit the wearing of Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in Apparel, should pass into a Law, many Thousand Families, who are now supported by that Trade, and cannot find Employment in any other Manufacture, will be intirely left destitute of Subsistence, and become burthensome to the several Paiilhes where they live: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before ft passeth into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Chapman the Reverend Dr. John Chapman, hr the Sermon by thanked, him preached before this House Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Carew, the Lord Sidney Beau clerk, and Brigadier-General Onjlovo, dp acquaint him therewith.

An ingrotted Bill for the further Punishment of Per- Escapeof Tons who shall assist or encourage Prisoners to escape, was read the Third time: 4

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall assist or encourage Prisoners to escape.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i* die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

P Ayers.

THE Lord Carpenter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Crayte Bellamy Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Crayle, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingtofled.

A Petition of the Embroiderers in Gold and Silver Wire, Thread, and Plate, living in the Cities of'Lyndon arid Westminster, and Places adjacent, wfiofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them feIves, and some Thousands of poor People, who are intirely supported in that Trade, was presented to the Hotte, and read; repre’ fenting to the House, That if the Bill depending in the House, to prohibit the wearing of Gold and Sdveir Lace, Vol. 24.

An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made Anglesey’i by James Earl of Anglesey, on his Marriage with Kafha- Seulcnfent, rine, hdw Duchess Dowager of Buckinghamshire and Nor-manhy, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in '

Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning* tori, Lord ^ttdrendott, Mr. Bayntun Rolf, Mr. Hoblyh}

Mr. Pltimptre, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vernon, Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Wynne, Mr. Mnrtyn, Sir W. W. Bagot, Mr.

Wed 2 Mr. Thr ale, Mr. Alderman Calvert, General Sinclair, Mr. Hay, Mr. Btiller, Colonel Beake, Mr. Inwcn,

Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Kent, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Breretotiy Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Strange, Mr. Ellis, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Scot, Mr Yorke, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Grant, Mir. Lee km ere, Lord P aimerston-? and all tie Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are t,b meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, indie Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Scot, according to Order, reported from the Com- Elctfions in hfittd: of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain Scotland.

5 I and

39$

and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to re drain the Partiality* and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raJly put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.'

A jClause* was offered to be added to the Bill* directing the Method of making up the Roll of Election for the Shire of Sutherland:

1742.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put there- 'L

upon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Baltimore (from the Commissioner for exc- Seamen cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- employed tain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3 ift of December 1741, to the 31st of December 1742, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service. ' '

And the Title of the said Account was read.;

The said Account is as JfolJoweth; viz.

Navy-Office, >An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, 28th January 1742. > from the 31st of December \741, to thc3ift of December 1742, upon1 a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 12th of January 1742.

10 Februarii.

N° of j _ Seamen. N° of Soldiers and- Marines, for Vi&ualspnly.

M O N T H S. r Borne. A Mustered. ( Borne. > Mustered. 1

January 1741 - - - February - - - - March 1742 - - - - ... - - April - - - - May ' - - - ‘ - - - - - . - June ..... - - ... M - - August - - - - September - -- -October ----- November - December 39,863 40.425 40,620 4°>343 40,080 40,798 40,686 40,300 40,949 40,845 40,386 40,657 33,900 34,588 34.7*4 34,684 34,644 35.366 35.874 35>9'5 35*793 35.734 35-494 35>°74 3.499 3.707 3.658 4>,52 4,122 3,868 3.943 3.843 3.835 3.664 3,680 3.679 3.045 3.354 3.313 3.677 3,652 3.361 3.427 3.35* 3.331 . 3.‘78 3.‘93 3»*88

Rd Haddocky Ja. Acworth, Thomas A f Upon a Median). - -Gajhry. Examined per J. R. j 485,754 40,479 421,790 35.H9 45,650 3.804 40,072 3.339

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Poor, Vestrymen, and Freeholders, of the Parishes of Wearing

to be perused by the Members of the House. St. Giles, Cripplegate, and St. Luke, in the County of Mid- Gold Lace,

dlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf *c* Leave of Ordered, That Sir 'Thomas Read have Leave to go into of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Pa-

Absence. fa Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- rishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting lions. forth, That there are now in the said Parishes upwards of

' Six thousand Persons* including Women and Children,

Great An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain who are in the different Branches of the Gold and Silver

Brington common Fields, within the Parish of Great Brington, in Lace Manufacture, and do now but barely subsist: That,

Inclosure. fa County of Northampton, was read the Third time. at present, the Poor’s Rate in the said Parishes are Three Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. Shillings in the Pound, and, by reason of so great a Bur-An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, then, Persons are daily removing out of the said Parishes, within the Parish of Great Brington, in the County of which, of consequence, mull make the Charge the greater Northampton. to those who are obliged to continue therein: And repre-

Ordered, That Mir. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the fenting to the House, That, should the Bill now depend-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ing in the House, to prohibit the wearing of Gold or

Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in Apparel, pass into a Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Law, of course the greatest Number of those who are

Address. Address of Wednesday last (that his Majesty will be gra- now employed in the said Manufacture, will become

cioully pleased to give Directions to his Attorney-General chargeable, and too great a Load for the Parishes to

to prosecute at Law, such Persons as counterfeit, or other- bear: And therefore praying, That the House will take

wile fraudulently make use of, the Hand-writing of their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief Members of this House upon Letters, in order to pre- as to the House shall seem meet, vent such Letters being charged with the Duty of Post- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

age), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

that he will give Directions accordingly. A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Marlborough Shepherd’s

through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord, and from the Shord. &c. 1 A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Ro*u

*7 Hill,

16 Geo. II.

i° — 2° Fe

39 9

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, ice.

City, &c. Elections.

County

Elections.

Hilly and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Sir Hugh Smithson, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Ftw, Mr. C0£<?, Mr. Harbord, Sir Gra//, Mr, Gra///, Lord Dupplin, Sir Courtenay, Sir Harry Northcote,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Yorke, Mr ..Ofbaldefton, S j John Turner, Mr Fere, Mr.

Mr. flPjw. Finchy Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Wodehouse, . Mr. Finch, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Lord

Beau clerk, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Dehne, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. ifowa?, Mr. Southwell,? Mr. Carew, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Mr* WhichcQte, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Edwin, Lord Andover, Mr. itf/Ver Stapylton, Lord iVor/ Somerset, Doctor Butler, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Price, Mr. Phillips, 7 Mr Grenville, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Pennington, Mr. Harvey, Mr. 0%d, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Warburton\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Svmerfet: And they are to meet this Afternoon arFive of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Carew,.according to Order, reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the same into One Act of Parliament; and alto for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; and to report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; and who were instructed to consider the Laws relating to the Poor, so far as the same concern the Removal* and Relief of poor Persons; and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be prbper to be made thereunto; and who were also instruct-cd to consider the Laws relating to the Settlement of poor Persons; and to report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; I That the Committee had considered the said Laws accordingly; and had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and’ to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Wearing Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, G°ld&Lace, London, on behalf of themselves and Trade; which was c* read; setting forth, That the Manufactures of Silk, mixed with Gold and Silver, and of Gold and Silver Lace, in this Kingdom, by the Encouragement they have received from the Crown, and divers Acts of Parliament, are of late Years very much improved, and all Sorts of as rich brocaded Gold and Silver Stuffs, Ribbands, and Gold and Silver Lace, are now made here to as great Perfection as in France, or any other foreign Country; and representing to the House, That, if the Bill now depending in the House, to prohibit the wearing of Gold and Silver Lace,

Thread* or Wire, in Apparel, should pass into a Law, these Branches of the Manufactures will be totally destroyed, and not only great Numbers of the Petitioners, but many Thousand Families, who are intirely dependant thereon, will be deprived of the Means of getting their Bread, and reduced to the greatest Necessity, and must become burthensome to their respective Parishes.: And therefore praying the House so to take the Premises into their Consideration, that these Manufactures.of this Kingdom may not receive such Discouragement as would be the fatal Consequence of this Bill, should the same pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdI Regis/ 174a.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Low Wine*, House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the &c* Quantities and Produce of low Wines and Spirits, extracted from Malt or Corn, from Midsummer 1732, to Midsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities and Produce of‘low Wines and Spirits, extracted from foreign Materials, from Midsummer 1732, to Midsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Amount of thegrofsand net Pro- Doty oi duce of the Duty upon Gilt and Silver Wire, for Seven Years laftpaft; together with an Account of the Amount uc* of the Drawback upon the Exportation of Gold, Gilt, and Silver Lace, Thread, and Wire, for the same time.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Two first of the said Accounts are as followech;

Vol. 24*

Excise

400

° Februarii

A. 1742.

Excise. An ACCOUNT of Hie Quantities and Produce of low Wines and Spirits, extracted front Malt or Corn, from NTiJsummer 1732, to Midsummer 174-2; distinguishingeach Year; viz.

Yejtr erfded Mddfumtiet -

Qua hi fit ids 4 f low Winei. Produce of low Wines; Quantities of Spirits. Produce of Spirits.

r Gallons. £. d- Gallons. £. s. J.

1733 6,358,06$ 27rf25 5 J 3,934.837 49,* &5 9 3

*734 8.245,838 34,357 *3 2 4,947,502 61,843 *5 6

8,971,372 37,464 1 — 5,394,823 67,435 5 9

8,476;a7i 35*3*7 *5 5,085,762 63,57* — 6

*737 6,018,59a 25,677 .9 — \ 3,6*1,* 55 45»*39 8 9

1738 7,$6e, <138 32,752 4 1-6 4,716,322 58,954 — 6

*737 8,151,87$ ' 33,966 3 -i- 4,891,125 61,139 1 3

1740 1 91396,126 39,983 17 sS 5*757,6-75 71,976 18 9

: *74* 10^79,92-1 45,333 — 6,527,95* 81,599 8-4

L*74* *.733>8*3 1 49,73* 11 7,161,487 89,518 11 9

6,744,410 3$ 1,510 — 6 52,018^640 656,358 — 1 ,

., Exdfe-Office,

February 1742.

Examined per Hen. NeedierAccotoptant-Gfcrieral.'

J. Fowle, R. Eyre, IVnt: Burton,

J. Orlebar, dug. Earle, D. Papillon.

fefclfe. An A C CU U N’i' df file Qdttr5tities and Produce of low Wines and Spirits, extracted from foreign Materials, from MiifUmrnfr 1732, to hdidsummer 1742; distinguishing each Year; viz.

Year ended Midsummer -

Quantities of low . Wines. Produce of low Wines. Quantities of Spirits. Produce of Spirits.

Gallons. £ s. d. Gallons. £. s. d.

*73 3 *-334,094: 33,35? 7 — 889,396 11,117 9 —

*734 1,614,674 40,366 17 — 1,076,449 *3-455 3

*735 1,415,022! 3S>375 *i 943,348 *1,79* *7 —

,1736; 1,495,882* , 37,397 4t 997,254 12,465 13 6

(*737 932,876* 23,321 18 6 621,917 7,773 *9 3

1738 1,028,370 25,709 5 — ’ 685,580 8,509 15 —

*739 1,308,779 32,719 9 6 872,519 10,906 9 9

1740 *,337,729 33,443 4 6 891,819 11,147 14 9

1741 1,366,123 34,153 1 6 910,748 11,384 7 —

*1742 1,176,258 29,406 9 — 784,172 9,802 3 —

13,009,808* 325,245 4 6 8,673,202 108,415 — 6

Excise-Office, ift February 1742.

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant-General.

J. Fowle, R. Eyre, Wm. Burton, J. Orlebar, ^z<£. Earle, D. Papillon.

Supply Bill; Dutie'i bn Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts bb referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing certain Dutibs dnspirituous Liquors, and Licences for retailing the fame, and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors, is committed.

Ordered, That the lad of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The lad of the said Accounts is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Gold Lace, The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from kc. exported, the Commissioners of the Cudoms, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, and Wire, exported for Seven Years lad pad.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of tljis Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Borough. whom the Bill for repairing the High Road from Bo- bridge Road. rough-bridge to Catherick, and from thence to Piers- Bridge, on the River Tees, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of Tamm, in the North Riding of the County of York\ was referred, That the Committee had considered the said Petition , and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in^his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; &nd then a Second time, one by one; and (except One of them which was disagreed to,) upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to beadded to the Bill, for dividing the Tolls in several Shares and Proportions, in case the Tolls shall be received at Two or more Turnpikes:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

Then

r<'< -I

n

Pamrtjer'

Glouoefter

Roads.

Import of Spanish Olive Oil.

16 CJeo.VII.

2

Then the feirf Cfeufe. toak/^U|fan/7the Quelbcrh pub N thereupon* agfefcdtorbyetheiHdtifetOr be *nade*PS&b'of; . thd Bill: And an Amendment Wasimadq by't^e House. to the Bill. :f\cv r'l . - . i .<

Grdered, That th*e - Bill, witfil schei Amendments'» be ingrossed.

;.!; ' v* .* !': - IV.!: .* -.-‘V./--

A Billfor inclosing and dividing fbveral common Fields* and common Paftutes, in the Parish of Dummety'mthe* ^County of Southampton, was read a Second tirfie. -v; -id';

Resolved, Thattbe Billbeicommitted to Lord Harry* P§Wlett,'\jotd Sidney Btauclerk, Lord Glenotchy, .-Mic> Hayward, Sir James Grant, Mr. YorkefSir Robert iLtofei*'; Mr. Pratt, Mr: PmonJ Mr. ^Piu.iMt^ B^ntdft 'RsoUi Mr.- LaiJondtty Mr. Neale, Mr. Whitt, Mr^-iJ#r?, Mb;T Pini'ney, Mr. Archery Lord t Grfrpent&i Mr^'

Wynne, Mr. Hedworth, Dr* ' ButlerfNltr Benheti Berkeley, Mr. Fdimes, M r. >T Sydenham, Mr. SavMlcjiijbTd> Guernsey^w Nathanael Gtlrzon, Mr. Cdrew; iM tv - Wil^: liaks, Mr. SkuttleWorlh,' Lord Advocate of > Scot (and, -Skfhomas Cave, Mr. Gore* Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Which* cttte'i and aH'the Members who serve fou the Counties of Southampton and Wilts: And they are to meet it his" Afternoon at Five of the’ Clock;- in the.' Speaker’s 'Cham-; ber. . *' j -

49* a

Or^rj^Thafth&faldP^ t o the Cop.-

fidbiailioiD.of a Cpmifetee^oi the^bqle House. ;<

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-, night, retblyentself i-nfl? a: Com m i t tee; of f fr e. whoite Huui$, toiconsider of the feMvPetition..:,

.VA ‘I’ -!0

cAl Bill for tjhe bett^Pfefenra(mostFi(b< andjGame, Encouraging

by encouraging t-l»ipf y$ri*>inA;W^/jead Second time.

.7 iP

: Mr, NorboHie Berkeleyreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed I to!put in Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth YearJ of the' Reign of his late Majesty King George the F®rft, { intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester to the Top JitBirdlip Hi//;.-and also from the same City to the Top of Gricklade Hill, in the Cdttttty'bf^Gloucester, was referred,' That the: Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 4; aridoHad directed him to report t lie:fame, as i fcappeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in ;hi& Pfetdep and1 afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's T^ble: -Where the same was read; -and is asrfdlloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,* the srforesaid Act; was read; by Which it appeared to ryour Comhritiee, That several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for’Twentyi-one Years. - 7

<- Then the A gen t for the Peti t ioners called - Mr. Wm, Jones: Who said, That, to repair the said Road, the Trustees were obliged to borrow t,roo; /.joooof which Sum, with Imereft at and f per Cent. per Annumt from Aptil^dA, stili remains unpaid; and that the said Sum, wirh- Interest, cannot be paid ff. and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the aforesaid Act is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih ak Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year-of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road to Oxford: And that Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Chester, zaA Mr. Hayward, do prepare, and bring in, the- lame.:

A Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, arid Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read 5 representing to the House', That the Petitioners at this time JabouF Under a very great Burthen and Inconvenience, from the high Price 6f Olive Oil, occasioned in a great measure by the - Prohibition of that Commodity from Spain, since the Commencement of the present War, it having, since that time, advanced from less than Twenty-six Pounds to* Sixty Pounds a Ton, to the very great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture of this Country, and Kingdom in general, and to the great Advantage of our Compe- titors abroad: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Cpnsideration; and do therein; as shall be thought meet.

Vol. 24. * f

tHkifabirBiU.be -coorinated3-: ;‘i j. ,x a -ubioo

fcrpaffid.in the Nkgatiye. I

jnw'-.’l: -r-I'fi \} r. iif- i *io

-Tbrf/; Order of Ihe.rD4y:being:rQad^so^l*heiHoqfe roto Ways refidiffl kself intO;aiCo^rt)ittee of the /whple i House, t&>jand Means, consider further ofrrW^yft fendi 'Mcaos; for raising jtbcv/

Supply gwcatedbto^Vl^fty;.i 1 j.it im;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-ingtnext,c;Tefbive.itself im^trhe fiid Chmfnittee. \ a\A: nir'/f

1* M !rrno'r: : ? .1; n/rabiO

Thkt Qjsdtfl oii the©if being rkad^ifocflhe Hfifcfeutyd Supply. refolYodftfett<intQj.i: CammiMiek OfcithcjiwbolejHbbfejJltoq confidjBi fi^.tb4r ofciHk Sttpplyi^Dtedd^ihistMfe

: R{/#tWnTbat tbtk HQufer<wi^l,( up<^;A/<?2Ui^ ing' nkxtjirefolyc jtfolfiinto t>hw saidiCoaamifctee;

y, ;} !}

The other Order .{jf; v.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole.Hpuf^jUnoji^hf Riil for repealing. certain E),d- Dutieton -

fences foj; re^ng '

fp5- 1 liB;°they Duties on spiritup^sj

quorsoand for a ^iceqce to retail the said, Liquors.

-W*7:

of the Qomiputtee.;,

- '!

5 ^ommitte^ ThAft

f^jU^d^iad^ jToqpe.^ogfefs, fife thzpM

ThaCfjl^ Committee

tjops beaqjouroefl,. ^; ,; *..... of Privileges,

Ac,

I^nd thenr the Hohle adjbprned^ till Ifo-miorroW j.., Morfring^.Ninct.^thV^ock, ' /' V! ftj f,

; Joy isy dit Februarii;' 7

Aftho 160 Georgii II^ Regis, 1742.*

J* ‘ :i ,7 .: J: 'J'iJ ri

Prayers.: yiCi t;

A BILL fdrenl^giflg, the Term^and Rqwersgranted Harlow by an Act, passed;ip! the Tenth, Yeayof the Reign Bu& Com-of his late MajestyKi^g Qtprgc the Fife intituled, An Act mon Ro3Ld* for repairing arid amending, the Highways frorti the North

Cpiaifton, injthkPkriflu of Harlow, tjo Woodford, in the County of Essex, was read a Second time* >..v.': ;.:i /:;.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir/ Robert Abdy^Mr, ABramfto^MH, Hty* Sidney Beauclerk,

:Mr, Gykbon,. Sir James Gordon Mx. Lifter, Mr. $yd<tn-hatha Butler, Mr.yPelhajn* My. £0wades, Mr. Alderman Galveth Nix, Robert Williams, Mr. Wyndham A fa.

Sir Jof Pennington, JS/lf.. ffout/w, Mr. ..Wtynwgtw, Mr.

Proby, Mr. French, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Grant, Mr.

Wynti, Lord Strange\ MXi Pack&i Major Selwyn, Mr.

Richard Williams, Mr, rPriceC Mr. Thra/e, Mr. Yorh,

Brigadier OhJItAp^ Mgy Ftllowes, Lord. Gtopcnttr,. Mr.

Garxw, Mr. Gray,; Mr.. Smelt, Mr Grove, Lord-Millfam rough,\ Mr Nea/e, Mr* Butler; and all the Members who % serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertfordt Suffolk, anc

Norfolk: And they Atftio meet this! Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

V--ti . t) ’ jK An

4° 2

3‘

f A. i f4^.1

Bellamy’*

Name.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Crayle Bellamy Esquire fb (to the Number of Ten) in behalf of^themfel ves, nffii Debtor* take and use the Surname oiCrayle\ was read the Third:. manjn Thousands confined for Debt in the several Prifpns; Petition.

in this Kingdorivwas prdented to the^Hopfe, and read complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. .: -Qr^That the fold Petition’do lie upon the Table.

St. Botolph, without Aid-gate, Poor.

Wades Mill Roads.

,y\z r;‘j

Dunchurch

tune. ‘

tRefolved., That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Crayle Bellarky Esquire to take and v.

use the Surname of Crayle. . '

Ordered, That the Lord Carpenterdo carry the BSUo Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Laws

the Lords, and define their Concurrence. . v. furtheriConsideration the Report from the Commit tefe, relating to

3^who!!were appointed to consider the Act, made in the Va*

Mr. Alderman Calvert presented to the* House, ac- Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,'?abon *Ci‘ ‘ cording to Order, a Bill to enablethe Parishiohersjof \ An Act for amending and enforcing the X-aws relating to the Parish of St. Botolph, without Aldgate, in the~Citiy Rogues, Vagabonds, and: otheridleand disorderly Per Ions, of London, to raise a certain Sum of Money, for Payment and for reducing the fanfte ififo One AA of Padiame.nt of Debts already ^ohtraded, for the Relief and Main- and also for aniending the* Laws for erecting, providing,. tenance of the Poor of the said Parifo: And the farnin and.regdaring, Houses of Correction.; and to reporulieir was received; and read the Frrft tftne. :* -i*. iino Opimon, to thfiiHouie*as t.h what Amendments may be v Refolded, That the BillbereatfaSecond tinaew :--proper {obe.'made thereunto* and who were ipftru&edn -rr ..:v ... rr ;. 7 .-,*& to corifid^ihe I^ws-relating, to the Poor, so; far as, th^r.

Mr. Hoablon ymkntti to tte House, according:ton; same concern the Removakaad Relief of poor Persons ;*:,

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and report their Opinion to the JSoiile, as to.What-Amend? \ bytuttAft; faffed* iathe Sixth Yea’r of the Reig&of his meats may:te proper to he_foade thereuntAj/and^ho.; perfect Majesty^ intituled, An Act‘fop the-moiiHflfeftbal: were.a&o instructed to <u>nfidet the: Laws^elatyng. to the s repairing the Ronds;leading from Rthdes MiBj[ in the Settlement of poor Persons;/and toYepqrl their.Opf.pien,

County oftHertfond, to -Barleyarid Koyfion, in' the said to the Roule^ AS;to:.what Amendments may be proper

County: And the^fime wals received; Anfoiread the to be made thereunto; be now read. i;J

n ‘ And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending, this :J

House, do go with the Mace into Westminster*hall, Y^<\ .*'>

the Courts there, the :Court of Requests* and Places ad-,<

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill berfeada Second tirrie; "

*flflr.1 Wtlmtr reported from*iste^ojnMfter^Ho’ wfioW . ... 4 . ____

the1 Petition offeveral of the TrusteeHpppI^Cfd so^Ut in 1 jacent, and fumfrlonitfoe Members-ther^ "to :attehd,:the ExWHition an Act, 1/passed 'itst he1T^£lftli Year of the: Service the Housej v . - -: n/. c > Lui

ReigS*6f ihii present Majesty^Jfdr t^iffoi1 the'Road'-or' And he went accordingly:

Highway frorn^ the Dun Cowrtr wTd^ibf DUnchtifeh, And he being returned i.

throtigh the Pafifo "df

thejfown of Hillrnorfon, in the CdifKfy \$Wahv?ckl ftbhi Hrehce thf^tlgK tlfe'fevdrar^riffie^ of CV1^,

Hadden and fEajt BdddonV id dihpion,' to^St: fifties*stynd;: in‘ W^Parffli t)f Duftdn,

W‘ »'

.,4

Thd House.proceeded:,to take the said Report into, further Chnsideration. 1 i -

Andcthe Resolutions of: the Committee are as follow* , ethi.-v/ii-,.-; .: ‘:

<:Refolded, That itis the Opinion^-.of.thia the said County, of Nertfimpton ;ViHdr*of ^the: That anAA,madein;the ijth Year of his prefeflttW^je^V

T^JiWKirtT Xfa Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing

the Laws relating to RoguevVagabbnds, and other.idle and disorderly Persons, and for reducing the 1 fame: inttt; One Act of Parliament;. and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating, Houses of Correction; is, in many Parts defective, and infuffieietft to anfiver the Purposes for which the same was deligned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Omission of the Correction of Vagrants, by whipping, is One great Cause of the Defects add Infus:

and Jjad direct^d him to report the fame, as it appeared 16 thmjftb stil! Hduw;° ahrf'fife YeSd' the;Report in his

y,

.1. v. 4

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s T% ble: Where foe £fm,e was iead j and is as followeth; viz. AOfo j^rove the Allegations offlie laid Petition, the Clause in the Act of the' i ith# Year* of his present Majesty, was *eadi~which enacts, "That no Turnpike shall beerested " within Ope Mije of the Towruof Northampton." After which, the Committee proceeded to examine Mr. Obrien Alefton: Whpsaid, that there have been large Sums of Money expended in repairing the said Roads, which are foil in a very ruinous Condition; nor is it possible to raise a {efficient Sum of Money to amend and ke^p the said Roads in Repair,* unless the Turnpike be removed:

3 That there are many Ways on* each Side the Toll-gate,

ficiency of the said Act; and that the same ought to be altered.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Method of passing Vagrants, appointed; by .'the said Act, is burthensome to the Public, and has not any ways answered the Intent of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Punishment of incorrigible Rogues, and Persons % which, Passengers and Carriages avoid the Payment of giving a false Account of themselves upon their Exami-^"Dutiesdirected to be levied by the said Act; but if nations, prescribed by the said Act, is not sufficient to ^the Turnpike^ wete temoved’ tO Northampton Bridge, it f~:A A A

would then be impossible to evade the Payment of the Taid Tolls. ':

<v Mr. Sanders and Mi*. Cook severally confirmed the Evi-'dence of Mr. AUffon-, the latter of whom added, That he rents a House of Fourscore Pounds a Yeaiy which . will be of no Value,-if the said Clause in the Act of the ifcth Year of his present Majesty be not repealed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of ,the Heigh of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road ftbrn* the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to HiUmorton, in the -Courit^ of Warwick; and from thence to St. James*s End in the Tow n of Northampton: And that Mr. Wil-l mer, :Ntr. Compion, SW Edmund ijkumt and Mr. Thurjby, V db prepare^ and bring in, the fame. 1

: . A Petition of Prisoners. in ftuthin Gaol, Denbighshire,

answer the Intent of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Nomination and Removal of the Master or Keeper of Houses of Correction is insufficient, and ought to be amended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Two justices of the Peace, whereof One to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any Person or Persons, that are likely to become chargeable to the Parish, shall come to inhabit, by their Warrant may be enabled to remove and convey such Person or Persons to such Pa-rifo where he or they were last legally settled, by any Laws now in being, notwithstanding such Two Justices, where* of One to be of the Quorum, or either of them^-shall be resident in, or charged or chargeable to the Poor Rates of, such Pari (h. S.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person or Persons ought to gain any Settlement

in

16 Geo. II.

yFcbrmrii.

403

' a. *~i -

in any Parish or Place, by renting of a Tenement of Ten And tlieQuestlon being put, That the Word "whoify*’

pounds per Annum, unless the Tenement be wholly situate ? 3land~Eart of the said Rerfotoionr; j.

within the Parish where such poor PdrfdnYefides; and for It passed in the Negative. . pbead*,

which such Person or Persons have, duty and bona fide, f ThetftheQueflionlDwgpijtsThat'th^HQniedoagree, paid One Year’s Rent. with the Gonimittee in the said Rtsolution, Jo ameqded;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that no Person or Persons ought to gain any Settlement , f

That no poor Person ought to gain arfy Settlement in any in any Parish or Place, by renting of a Tenement of

Ten Pounds per Annum, unless the Tenement, or so

Parish or Place, by serving as a Servant or Apprentice within such Parish or Place, unless the Master or Mistress with whom such Service is performed,1 is iiated to, and pays the Parish Taxes of, such Parish or Place where such Service or Apprenticeship is performed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That no Person or Persons ought to gain a Settlement by serving the Offices of Constable or Tything-mari, within any Parish or Place.

Resolved, That'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every unmarried Person, not having Child or Children; who shall serve with any Person* in any Parish c>r Plkce, for the Space of One whole Year, ought to be adjudged to'have:gained a legal Settlement by such Service, in such Pat ifh or Place, although it should not appear that such Penon was hired to serve for a Year, 'Refilled, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee,

or

much thereof as is of the Value of Ten, Pounds per An-tium, be fit uate within the Parish where such poor Person resides, and for whiqh such Person or Persons have, duly andbonafide, paid One Year’s Rent;

The House divided*:/. <; L /tl.

The/Noeswent forth- *1 . ».

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr! P/^p '

Teller^ for the Nbe?,| JJj; MlkinfotI',?,-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,..?; .» -The Eighth ltefdlution of the Committee: beiqg read \ a Second-time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,.( by leaving out the Word c< poor."\) r;

And the Question being put, That the Word tc poor"

] ‘53-}

That the House be moved, that Leav^ be given to-bring stand Part of the said Resolution;

Thiii i____.t-i _ 1 ______i _____ ./XV (Q.‘ I1 _ iv A ' i kt

ih a Bill to explain, amend, and tAake’more effectual, an Act, made in the 13th YeaV of the Reign of his jpreferit Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and' for reducing the feme into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the ^ws for erecting, providing, and regulating,' Houses of Correction.:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given-to bring -in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being relating to fthp Settlement and T^tpoy*l q£ i>oor Per. fons.

The First Refojgtion of the ^ncsmifteQ bqing read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment" was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out-the Words;0 or Appren-- , "tice.";*: .1 -v-:

And the Question being put, That those Words stand; Part of the said Resolution.; > -:

It passed in the Negative. j .?

.Inconsequence of the said last Amendment, another* Amendment: was proposed to be made to the said Refold tion, by leaving OUC the; Words or Apprenticeship." Anrithe! Questiqh' b'Cing put. That thpfe Woitls fend Part of the said Resolution; \ ,

JtfpaHed in the* Nfc&ativj&jj':- j v: Rjolved, That the Hocfe do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, that no Person ought to gain any Settlement in any Parish or Place, by serving agree with the( Cp.miuiftpe so the said Resolution, (hat^n as a Servant within such Parish Of Place, unless the Act, made in the >i jth. Tear of HTs present Majesty^j Master or Mistress’with whom f(ich Service is performed. Reign, intituled, Ap;Act for amending ^nd, enforcingisV^e^p?. and pays the Parish'Taxes of, such Parish or the Laws relating to ..Rogues,'Vagabonds, and other idle Plar^ Cnrk U* nprformerh:....

and disorderly Pexfphs, and for reducing ;the same into One Act of Parliament; and also for amending the Laws

for erecting, providin rection; is, in many

and regulating, Houses- of Cor-, arts, defective, and inefficient'to answer the Purposes for which the same was deligned.

The Second, Third, Fourth, and Fjfth Refolqtions of the Committee being severally read a.Secqnd tirpe, were, lipon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. . j:

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree wit-h the Committee in the said Refplutiup, that Two Justices of the Peace, whereof One to be of the Quorum, of the Division where any Person or Persons that are likely to become chargeable to the Parish, shall come to inhabit, by their Warrant nuy be enabled to remove and convey such Person or Persons to such Parish where he or they were last legally fcttted,i by any LaWS now in being, notwithstanding such Two Justices, whereof One to be of the Quorum, or either of thfcm, shall be resident in; or charged or chargeable to the Poor Rates of, such Parish.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being rekd la Second time; - -vt

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the Second "Tenement," and before the Word " be," these Words, u or so much- thereof as is of the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Word wholly/' Vol. 24

Place wKefe such Service is performed;'

, Thje;^intI] Resolution of the Commis tee being read a Second^pne; 1 "; ' '

' And ayMotion being made, and the Question being^ put. That the House do agree with the Committee in' the said Resolution, that no Person or Persons ought to gain a Settlement by serving the Offices of Constable- or TythingHinan, within any Parish or Place;:

Id ipaffed in the Negative.

{/The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second rime ;: .

; An Amendment was proposed to be. made thereunto, by/leaving out the Words " might to," and inferring the Word <4 shall,!’instead thereof. r 5

And the same wks, upon the Question put thereupon., agreed to by the House. >*.

RefolVedt That the House do agree with the Committee inthd said Resolution, fb amended, that every unmar*, ried Person, not having Child or Children, who shall serve with any Person, in any Parish or Place, for the Space of One whole Year, shall be adjudged to have gained a legal Settlement by such Service, in such Parish or Place, although it should not appear that such Person was hired to serve for a Year.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bifls upon therResolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Carcw,

Sir Hugh Smit/fmty Sir Roger. New digate Sir Nathanael Curzoji,' Sir Robert Long, Mr. AW, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Southived, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Hay, and Mr. Phil* lips,^do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Griffith Phillips Esquire be at Liberty Caermirthen to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elc&ion.

Election x

t

y j

'y'

a — 4*' Februarii.

A. 174k?1

Efcftion and Return for Ihe County Borough of Cur-

1 ^mrthen.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges knd Elec* tions be dischdlged from proceeding upon the Matter of the-Taid Petition.

Pembroke

Bledion.

Haverford

West

Election.

Pembroke

Eie&on.

Ordered, That' Thomas Phillips Gentleman, late Mayor^ and the several* other Persons being Burgesses, of the Borough of fVifton, in the County of Pembroke, whose Names are schtefibed to Petition presented:.to this *.. House, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Bur-

fiffes of the said Borough, complaining of an undue left ion and Return for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke,'be’at 'Liberty to withdraw their

said Petftion. ’ ' ;....

Ordered, That Rawleigh Matifel, of the County Borough of Caermarthefty Esquire, and One of the Burgesses of the antient Boroufgh of Wifton, in the County of Pembroke, be1 at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, scotn-plaining of an undue Election and RetumTor;the said Borough.* *.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bef discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petitions, -j

That the; House will tal^e the same of the said City, and the Manufacturers of Gold and Silver Thread, Wire, and Pl^te, there, into Consideration, so* as to- grant the said Manufacturers such Relief as the Nature of their Cafe, may require.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do die upon the-Table, until the said Bill be read-a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the said Bill j;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

County

Elcflioni.

Ordered, That Hugh'Barlow, of Laurenny, in the County of Pembroke^ Esquire, be at Liberty to; withdraw- ’his: Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for she Town artd County of Haverford West ! ' Ordered, That the several Persons, being Freeholders, 1 Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Haverford West, paying Scotland Lot, whose Names iale subscribed to a Petition presented to this House, comV. plaining of atT-undue Election and; Return for the said ! Town and County off Haverford West, be at Liberty/to withdraw their said Petition. ' . i..; , f

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and ^ldc-tions, be discharged from proceeding upon the Mattertof thVsaid Petitions. -r ! ’ :.*i - , r:

Or^eped, Thijt \fohn ' ‘tymmops, ’ otlJmffmdn^ m/the County of Pembroke, Esquire, be at Liberty to' withdjaw^ his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and ^Return for the said County of Pembroke. \ t ' !'

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges afrtiElec-, tions.be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon M°nday Morn- ,*City, Ac. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of r the whole ,.

House, upon the Bill ;tq-etfplain and amend the Lawis touching the Electjqn$ of Member^ to ferye in Parliarir ment, for1 Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other*

Places* within that Part of Great Britain called England^ and tp restrain the Partiality, and Tegulate the Condu$tf r of Returning Officers at inch Ele^ions^;

4" 1 . - . / . S ' .0

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, -resolve itfejf into a Committee of the tyhole House, tpj conlidfer further ofr; the . Bill to explain and ^tnerjfl.ftber;

Laws touching the i^eCfipns, of Knights of the Shire to,\ serve in Parliamentrfpr tliax Part of Great Britain called;

England, and to retrain the Partialityf and regulate she; Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

A*id then the House adjourned till Tomorrow 3 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 * — -----~T± t — L

;ni v; . j :,r; h. r‘

- 'Fineris? 4? die Eebruarii; v*’

1 c Anno 16* II*' Regis, 1742. "1

°fritA Y*RS. *V/V

Billi unsatisfitd.

filtp&JdED, That proper Offifed# d’6 lay* befo^T Exchequer this HoOfe, ah '^bebunt of the^ Exchequer n;n-

maining unsatisfied, which were iflqed in pursuatfce of an Act, of the Twelfth* Year of* his late Majesty’s Reighy for grariting aDuty on Victuallers, and Retailers of Ale; and Beer,* within the Cities of London and Westminster,! and the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Wetring ' A Petition of the Manufacturers of Guld and Silver Cold Lace, Thread, Wire, and Plate, in.ihe; Crty:of.’ Coventry, and *c’ Liberties thereof, whose Names aretlfereunto subscribfed, iti behalf of themselves, and a great Nutrlber employed in that Trade, was presented to the House, and read^ re-presenting to the House, That if the Bill now depending in the House, to prohibit the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in Apparel, should past into.a Law, many of the Petitioners would be deprived of the Mean*of getting a Livelihood for themselves and Families, and become burthensome to their Parishes for Want of Employment: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a very considerable Manu-factory in Gold and Silver Thread, Wire, and Plate, is carried on in that City; and that therein agreat Number of Manufacturers are employed, very much to the Ber nefit of the City in general, and to -the Advantage and Maintenance of many Families and Individuals in partir cular* and representing to the House, That the . Bill brought into the House,'to prohibit the Wearing of Gold and Silver Lace, Thread, and Wire, in Apparel, has, as the Petitioners are informed, and apprehend, a Tendency to impoverish many of the Citizens and Manufacturers, now employed in the said City, and to prejudice the Trade there carried on in general: Aqtd therefore praying.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road from" BorQlJgh-Borough-bridge to Catherick, Vit\d from thence to Piers bridge Road. Bridge;on iht River Tees, was read the Third Time.

Resolved; That the BilLdo pass: Arid that the Title/ be, An Act for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the feme County, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees. ‘ ' '

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill tq the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Land Tax rectifying Mistakes jn i*he Names of the Commissioners Commission-for the; Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven cri hundred and Forty-two *, and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an 4^ft of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three t And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. Robert Williams, and Mr. Carezv, do prepare, and bring.in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to $t. Albam the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Aibans, in the County of Hertford, in the room of Thomas AQiby Esquire, deceasecf.

* Mr.

! Evcfliam Roads.

16 Geo. II. 40 Febr 405

Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve-sham, in the County of Worcester; and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants dwelling and residing in and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie, and many others frequently travelling through the said Roads; as like wife of Hamah Mence, of the City of Worcester, Widow, llelift, and Aminiftratrix, of Samuel Mence Gentleman, deceased, James Smith, of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, Gent, and Hannah Wynn of Bewdley in the County of Worcester, Spinster, Devisee of Elizabeth Humphreys Widow, deceased, Creditors under the said Act; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Parfhore, in the County of Worcester, and of Wick near Parfhore, Pensham, Great Comberton, Little Comber ton, Bricklehampton, Elmley Castle, Net her ton, Over bury and Conderton, in the said County of Worcester; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling through, the Road leading from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, through Wick-hamford, to Willerjey, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before your Committee an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester-, whereby several Tolls were granted and made payable for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the 30th Day of May 1728; and the Trustees for putting that Act in Execution borrowed of several Persons, upon the Act, £.1*950, in order to repair the Roads; and, for the securing the Repayment of Money so borrowed, several Mortgage Deeds were made to the Persons mentioned in the First Petition; which Mortgages the Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee; whereby it appeared, that That Sum was borrowed; but Evidence was given, that the Sum of £.33. 11 s. 4d. was paid in Part of the principal Sum of £. 1,950; so that there is now due, for Principal and Interest, the Sum of £. 1,916. 8r. 8d.

Then Witnesses were called; viz,

Mr. John Bovey and Mr. Samuel Rickards, Treasurers of the several Turnpikes; who laid before the Committee, Accounts of the Money received at the several Turnpike Gates erected upon the said Roads; whereby it appeared, that all the Tolls produce, on an Average, £. 400. per Annum; but subject to the several Expences attending the Receipt thereof, and to the Payment of Incereft of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls.

And the said Mr. Rickards being examined, said. That the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act are, by Computation, Twenty-three Miles; viz, the Road from the Top of Broadway, through the Borough of Eve-sham, to Stone-bow Bridge, isTvvelve Miles, or thereabouts; and the Road from Evesham to the First Chain upon Wick Causeway, next the Foot of Goodley Hilly near the Bridge at Perjhorey Four Miles, or thereabouts $ and so much of the Road to Hinton on the Green, as lies in the County of Worcester, One Mile, or thereabouts; and the Road to the Gate in Offenham Lane, leading to South Littleton, Two Miles, or thereabouts; and the Road to Norton Two Miles, or thereabouts; and the Road toBretfordton Two Miles, or thereabouts: And said further, That un-lel's such Parts of the Roads as have been already amend-

Vol. 24.

ed be constantly taken care of, and repaired, will, by rea-fonof the Deepneis of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages which frequently, pass over the fame, in a short time become bad and ruinous again, and will be almost impass-able: And he added to his Evidence, and said, Tha: several Parts of the Roads are now in a very bad Condition; and the same cannot be repaired, nor can the Money now due and owing to the several Mortgagees, be repaid during the subsisting Term, unless the Term and Powers by the former Act granted be continued and enlarged.

Mr. Thomas Yarnoldy Mr.----- Kettley and Mr.

Richard Horne; who, being examined, confirmed the whole Evidence given by Mr Rickards.

Mr. Nicholas Field being called and examined, laid, That if the Turnpike near the Bridge at Perjhore was removed to a Place called Mill Tail, it would greatly increase the Toll on that Road: And he further Paid, That the Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, and Money borrowed on the Credit of the Act repaid, without the Aid of another Act of Parliament.

And to prove the Allegations of the 2d Petition, the Agent for that Petition called

Mr. Samuel Rickards; who being examined, said, That the Road leading from Evesham to the First Chain of the Wick Causeway, next to the Foot of Goodley Hill, near the Bridge at Perjhore (being about 400 Yards short of the Town of Perjhore) is in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition all the Winter Season: That the Statute-work has been constantly done thereupon, which has proved insufficient; and that the Inhabitants of the Parish, in which the Road lies, have expended and laid out £. 200, and upwards, in repairing of that Road; notwithstanding which, the same is almost impastable; and that, by reason of the Narrowness and Lowneis of the Causeways leading to and from the great Bridge over the River Avony where there are Floods, it is very difficult, and many times impossible, for Persons to pals on Horseback: And the said Mr. Rickards further said, That the Floods often continue for a Fortnight or Three Weeks together, when Passengers are obliged to ferry over the River, which is expensive to them; and the Expences by the said Act is paid out of the Tolls thereby granted; but if the Boad was repaired, it would save at least £.10. per Annum, which is paid out of the Tolis for ferrying over: And being asked, Whether the Tolls arising by the Act would be sufficient to repair the Road ? said, that it would; and added, That the Turnpike erected near Per-JJiore Bridge is set up in a Place proper for collecting the Tolls; but as th, ere is a common Meadow belonging to the Township of Wick, lying between that Turnpike and the Town of Perjhorey many , Persons travelling to and from many Towns and Villages bet ween Evesham and Perjhore without paying the Tolls, which very much Jeffens the Toll, and cannot be remedied, as the present Act stands; but this might be prevented, by carrying the Repairs of the Roads from the Turnpike to a Place called Mill Tally at or near the End of the d own of Perjhorey which lies next the Turnpike, and erecting a Turnpike at or near the same End of the Town; thereby the Tolls would be increased.

Thomas Coventry Savage Esquire was called, and being examined, laid. That he knows the Road leading from the Turnpike near Perjhore Bridge to the Top of Goodley Hilly and to the Top thereof to the Ground in Wick, called the Grove; and that the same is about 800 Yards from the Turnpike, and is the direct Road to Pensham, the Two Combertons, and the other Towns and Villages in the Petition mentioned; and that the lame, by the Deep-ness of the Soil, and the many Carriages passing and repassing, is become very ruinous, and unsafe for Travellers; and that the same cannot be repaired by the Statute-work: And said, That the Tolls granted and made payable by the former Act are sufficient to repair as well the last mentioned Road, as the other Roads directed to be repaired and amended by the said Ati.

And, in order to prove the Allegations of the Third Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners callcJ

5 L Mr.

Conoid

40 6 4* — 7° Februarii. A. 1742.

Mr. John Oldner, Mr. Thomas Cuffe, and Mr. George Wolley; who being examined, said, That the Road leading from Evesham through Wickham ford, to Willerfey, is Five Miles, or thereabouts; and that the same joins to the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that, by reason of the Badness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, it is in a very ruinous Condition: That Waggons and other Wheel-carriages do not go above Half a Mile on the Road, which is repaired by the Turnpike Ad, although the Drivers thereof pay the whole Toll: And the Wit-neflfes said, That the Road now desired to be repaired is damaged by carrying Materials for Repair of Evesham Road, out of Wickhamford Parish; and that this Road is a great and common Road from Evesham, through Wickhamford, to Cambden, in Gloucestershire; and that if the same was repaired and amended, it would greatly increase the Toll to be collected for repairing the Roads di-reded to be repaired by the former Act: And the Witnesses being further examined, said, That the Statute-work has been constantly done on the Road mentioned in the Petition; but is not sufficient to repair the fame; nor cannot be amended, unless some other Provision be made for repairing thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passecL in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester\ and for repairing the Roads from the Foot of Goodley Hill to the Ground called the Grove; and from the Turnpike near Perfhore to the Mill Tail at the End of the said Town; and for railing and widening Wick Cause-way; and for repairing the Road from Evesham, through Wickhamford, to Willerfey, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Winford, Mr. WeJ, the Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Lechmere, and Mr. John Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Charter- Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to house Square whom the Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors ment%°Ve" an^ habitants of the Houses in Char ter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising a sufficient Sum of Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, and Declarations, which have been sent either to his Majesty, or his Ministers, by the Queen of Hungary, or her Ministers, or by his Majesty, or his Ministers, to the Queen of Hungaryor her Ministers; and of all Letters which have been lent to his Majesty’s Ministers by the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary, or by his Majesty’s Ministers to the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary; with Copies of the respective Answers to such Memorials, Representations, Declarations, and Letters, relating to the State of the War in the Empire, and the Support and Interests of the House of Aufiria, since the ill of September 1741, to the 16th of November ^42;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T ellers for the Noes,| ^212.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, r).u!ie*®D to consider further of the Bill for repealing certain Duties plrits' Ct on spirituous Liquors, and Licences for retailing the fame; and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning County next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Elcflions. to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney have Leave to make a Harley Motion; it being after Five of the Clock. Inclosure.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing several common Fields lying in Earley, in the Parish of Soning, in the County of Berks; and for exchanging several ancient Inclosures in Earley aforesaid; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

1

;V

1

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard have Leave to go to the

Absence. Ra\h, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Earley The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for lndoiure. confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing several common Fields lying in Earley, in the Parish of Sorting, in the County of Berks; and for exchanging several antient Inclosures in Earley aforesaid: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

State of the

War in the A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That

Lunecy 70 die Februarii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Nor borne Berkeley presented to the House, ac- Qjouce^er cording to Order, a Bill for continuing, and Koadi. making more effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London; and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road to Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition

16 Geo. II.

7° Februarii.

407

Diffing A Petition of the several Merchants, Maltsters, and from un- Brewers, in the City of New Sarum, in the County of malted Corn. #7//^ whose Names are thereunto i'ubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Resolution reported of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to'considerjfurther of the Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, " That, towards raising the Supply granted, there should be paid for every Gallon of low Wines, or Spirits of the First c< Extraction, made or drawn only from any Sort of Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Com, other than and except Brewers Wash or Tilts, " One Peny over and above all Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers Or Makers " thereof;" and setting^ forth. That several Laws were heretofore made for obliging all Distillers to draw their low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from wholesome Drink made of malted Corn intirely: That Spirits drawn from Malt only are more wholesome than such as are drawn from unmalted Corn mixed with Malt; and that by the Distillers Use of unmalted Corn, much less Corn, as well as Malt, by Means thereof, is consumed; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is a great Diladvantage to his Majesty’s Revenue arising by the Duty on Malt, and is a very great Loss of the Manufacture to the Subjects of this Kingdom, and also to the landed Interest, and'is a very great Prejudice both to Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying, as well in behalf of themselves, as of many others employed in the Malting Trade in this Kingdom, prejudiced by the Use of unmaited Corn, that the House will take the Premise^into Consideration, that the Petitioners may be relieved therein; and that the Distillers may be reftrajned from the Using of unmalted Command the Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn be enforced, or revived, or by such other Ways or Means as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

St. Botolph A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St.

without Botolph without Aldgate, in the City of London, to raise a AldgatePoor. cerrajn Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Se ond time.

Resolved, Th&t the Bill be commuted to Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Harvey, Lord Perceval, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Lord S. Beauchk, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Edmund IJham, Mr. Turner, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Phillips, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Edward Deeringy Mr. War bur ton, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Jeffreysy Mr. Cottony Mr. West, Mr. Clive, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Gore, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Williams, Sir John Chester, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bennet, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Torke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Calthorpe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Finch, Mr. CareWy Sir John Gordon, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr. Leheup, from Exchequer the Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; Bill*.

He was called in *, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Exchequer Bills remaining unsatisfied, which were issued in pursuance of an Act of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for granting a Duiy on Victuallers and Retailers of Ale and Beer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Exchequer Bills remaining unfatiffied, which were issued in pursuance of an Act of the 12th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for granting a Duty on Victuallers and Retailers of Ale and Beer within the Cities of London and West* mincer, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

The Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance £.

of the said Act, amounted - - 500,000 — —

Whereof there hath beenfince discharged 18,600---

So the Exchequer Bills remaining unfa-tisfied amount to the principal Sum of Four hundred and Eighty-one thousand Four hundred Pounds -

481,400-----

Exchequer Bill Office,

7 th February 1742. Peter Leheup.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Monson presented to the House, pursuant to their Subsidie* Order, an Account from the Paymaster General of the £ml°c^c&c< Forces, shewing what Sums of Money were paid to the mPrcl1' * Queen of Hungary, pursuant to Treaty concluded the 13th of June 1741: And also.

An Account from the Paymaster General of the Forces, shewing what Sums of Money were paid to the Queen of Hungary and the King of Sardinia, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

And Mr. Monjon also presented to the House, a Return from the Paymaster General of the Forces, to an Order of the House, dated the 19th January 1742: And also,

A Return from the Paymaster General of the Forces to an Order of the House, dated the 19th of January x742*

And the said Returns, and the Titles of the said Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Charter- An ingrossfed Bill to enable the present and future Pro-hoofe Square prietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Charter-house improvement. Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising a sufficient Sum of Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Charter house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate for raising Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 24.

A Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers in the DistilMlg County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and all the Farmers of the said County, was presented to the House, or D" and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Concern and Surprize, read in the Votes of this House the Contents of a Petition from several Merchants, Maltsters, and Brewers, in the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and expressing their Sorrow at the Prospect of impending Ruin, which must inevitably fell upon the Petitioners, if this Doctrine should once prevail, that more Corn would be consumed, by obliging all Distillers to draw their Spirits of the First Extraction from malted Corn intirely; and consequently that the Corn-grower would be a considerable Gainer thereby; whereas in the Opinion of the Petitioners, nothing is more plain

than

l

Plnltl7pri h" Go

408

Febrmrii.

A. 1742.

than that the very Reverse is most true: And further setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen a printed Calculation, delivered, as they are informed, to the Members of this House, attempting to prove the abovesaid Proportion: And representing to the'House, Thatalthoughmany things may be true in Figures, and absolutely false in Practice, yet the Petitioners conceive, the Computation pretended to be made upon this proposed Alteration of the Law is not only fallacious in itself, but will, if carried into Execution, prove fatal to the Interest of Landlord and Tenant: That there are every Year, and in the very bed Harveds, considerable Quantities of Corn throughout the Kingdom utterly incapable of being malted; and as this happens even in dry Lands, and early Harveds, the Proportion of such Corn mud be greater in cold wet Lands, and in late Wet Harveds; which great Quantity of Corn is now chiefly used for the Distillation of Spirits; but should a Law pass to confine the Distiller to draw them from malted Corn only, the Petitioners know not any Market which can possibly take such large Quantities of poor Corn off their Hands, which enables the Petitioners at present to pay their Rents: And further representing to the House the great Prejudice, which mud certainly attend the Farmers, with respect to that Part of the Crop . capable of beingmalted; of which at present great Quantities, and that of the very bed Corn, are used dry by the Distillers; and that although the Petitioners allow that more of this Sort of Corn may be consumed, if all was to be malted, and the Malt Duty, as it is urged, would be raised, to the Increase of the Revenue; yet it is as certain, that the Price of Spirits mud be raised by the Distiller, in proportion to the extraordinary Charge this new Method would lay him under, or else he mud abate so much from the Price of the Corn, to the Prejudice of the Farmer; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Price uponSpirits, which now fell for Three Shillings and Six Pence a Gallon, mud then necessarily be augmented to Six Shillings, or thereabouts j which, considering the present Price of smuggled Brandy, and of that which has paid Duty, will amount to a total Prohibition: That the Distiller therefore, in order to carry on his Trade, indead df raising the Price of his Spirits to this Degree, will naturally, as the Petitioners apprehend, deduct all the additional Charges out of the prime Cod of the Malt y and consequently the Farmer will bear the whole Burden, and be forced to fell so much more Corn, to be made into Malt, for the same Money, besides paying the new iMalt Duty, and the Maltsters Profit: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that no such Alteration may be enacted, as is prayed for in the above-mentioned Petition; but that the late Ad of the Sixth of his present Majesty, and which was made upon mature Deliberation, for the Benefit of the Corn-grower and Land-owner, by opening a Market for the dry Com to the Distiller, will not be infringed upon in this Point, but remain in full Force^and Virtue.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Borough- Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry to the Lords

bridge Road, the ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Cathericky in the same County *, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Fees; and desire their Concurrence.

4th February 174

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe; requiring the Commissioners,'or Governors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the eafied and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, respectively; — The Commissioners, or Governors, of the said Hospital do humbly Report, as followeth:

There has been received, between the id December 1741, and 30th November 1742, out of the Rents and Pro- £. s. d. fits of the Edate - - - 6,717 2

Dei went-

Thc House being informed, That Mr. Corbetty from water Estate. the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Deriventzcater Estate between ift December 1741, and 30th November 1742; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In Queen Mary's Court,

The Dome is quite covered; the Lanthorn and Cupola are finidied; the Copper Vase and Vane are put up, and gilt; the Paving of the Colonade is quite finidied; the new Scullery is paved, and Floor over it is finished; the remaining Part of the Mezzanine Floor is laid; the Attic Story is near finished; and the Stone Stair-case of the Ead Building is carried up to the Top.

In Queen Anne"s Court,

South Pavision: The Stone Steps are brought up to the Fird Floor.

The new Works done this Year, and brought to Account, amount to the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred £. s. d. Sixty-seven Pounds Six Shillings and,

Eleven Pence - 2,567 6 11

The ordinary Works done this Year amount to the Sum of Nine hundred Forty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence - 945 18 4

£-3.513 s 3

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Edate, on Account of Repairs, between the id December 1741, and 30th November 1742 - - - 211 5 — f

And by Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Intered due to them on the Sum of £.25,900, at £.4 per Cent. which was advanced by them to pay off Incumbrances on the Derwentwater Edate, for the like Sum,

Part of which was at £.5, and the other at £.6 per Cent. Intered - 1,036 - — —

By Order of the Commissioners,

mil. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing of the Roads leading from Wadefmilly in the County of Hertford, to Barley and RoyJlonf in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Wadesmill

Roads.

GoO^lC

16 Geo. II. 7* — 8° 409

Refihed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gore, Mr. Phtmer, 'Sir -Ndthanael Curzon, Lord HUljborough> Mr. Fane, Mr. Turner, Mr. Torke, Sir John Aftley, Lord4Chetwynd, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Baltimore, Lord /'er* Beau clerk, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Powney, Sir Smithson, Mr. Phillips, Sir Bonverie, Sir Cor del

Firebrace, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Packer, Mr. Houbhn, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Clarke, Sir Newdigate, Mr. Hampden, Mr. #?«-/orJ, Mr. McKenzie, Sir Gr^/, Mr. Gr^w/, Mr. Ltvefttn Gower, Mr. Harrfon \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Esse*: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five oFthe Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Remitting Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Public House, Copies of all the Minutes of the Treasury that

abroad. relate to the remitting Abroad of any public Money since

the First of March last, and of all Proposals made for remitting the fame.

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

of Foreign ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Cambricks. House, to consider of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* City, Ire. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Eicftlon,< House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the i-aws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduit* of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* County ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fck&iont. House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part ot Great Britain called England', and to restrain the Partiality and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Februarii}

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1741.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Meant, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ,*

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1742, be referred to t*he said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1742, hath been disposed off; distiriguJihed under the several Heads, until the *$th Day of JaHudry 1743.; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the lard Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported From the Committee, That hey had made feme Frogress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfeff into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Ml; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Duties on Resolve itself into a Commi ttee of the whole House, to Spirits, fcc. consider further of the Bill for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and Licences for retailing the fame; and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeff into a Committee of the whose House, to ednfider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Carterbe added to the Gentle* Laws

men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills upon several Resolutions agreed to by the Vagabonds, House, which were reported from the Committee, who &c? '

were appointed to consider the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and enforcing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and drforderly Persons, and for reducing the feme into One Act of Parfia* ment; and also for amending the Laws for erecting, providing, and regulating Houses of Correction; and to re* port their Opinion to the House, as to w hat Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; and who weft instructtd to consider 'the Laws relating to the Poor, so far as the same concern the Removal and Relief of poor !Persons; and report their Opinion to the House, as to what Amendments may be proper to be made thereunto; and who Were also instructed to consider the Laws relating to the Settlement of poor Persons; and to report their Opinion to die House, as to what Amendments may bfc proper to be made thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Early for confimriftg, establishing, and making effectual, certain fedofore. Articles of Agreement made and entered into for inclosing and dividing several common Fields lying in Early, in the Pardh of Soilings in the County of Berks j and for exchanging several antient Indofares m Early aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powney,

Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Winford, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Al* derman Calvert, Mr. Blagravt, Mr. Carew, Mr. Bulkr,

Sir Thomas Cave, Dr. Butler, Mr. Chestdr, Mr. Tkombs Gore, Mr. Bury, Mr. Fellotves, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gibbon,

Sir John Glynne, Mr* Crew*, Mr. Herberts Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Givve, - Mr. Sydenham, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mel* lift. Lord Guernsey, Lord Stonge, Mr. Femttick, Mt.

Hoblyn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Williams, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Baflitun Ro/t, Mr. Tujftidl,

Mr. Prowfi, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, Lord SiiMy Beauclerk, Lord John Sacville* Sir Harry Lidded, Mr.

Carter, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ojbaldeflon, Sir Thomas Drury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of the importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Parish of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of of Spanifa Yol* 24. J M themselves OIive 0l1*

4io. 8° Februarii. 1742.

themselves, and all others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, ivaspresented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prohibit Commence with Spain, Spanish Oil stands prohibited from being imported into his Majesty’s British Dominions; and representing to the House, Ihat, notwithstanding the wife and good Intention of the Legislature in the Prohibition, the Petitioners conceive the Design of it has been frustrated by the various Turns of Providence, and the many Resolutions in the political Affairs of Europe; and that the Olive Harvell in the Neapolitan Territories have failed; which, with the Motions and Consumptions of the Armies in Italy, have rendered this Commodity scarce and dear, and . advanced it to the Petitioners to above double the Price it was at before; which is owing also in fomemealure, as the Petitioners are informed, to its being monopolized there by particular Persons, who put it upon us at their own Price, knowing we can be supplied from no other Quarter; and that the Price of Oil being advanced at Gallipoli, from whence the Petitioners are chiefly supplied with Italian Oil, the French and Dutch take off the whole Produce of Old Spain; so that the Spaniards are not dif-tressed at all by the Prohibition, but his Majesty’s Subjects only; and that the present Advance of this Commodity /and thereby Soap) is fb great, that it enhances the Price of many Fabricksof our own Woollen Manufactures near Four per Cent.; whereby the French and Dutch obtain a great Advantage over us in foreign Markets; and that a far greater Advance of the Price of Oil is dreaded, and a still greater national Detriment apprehended, if the Petitioners obtain no Relief from the Resolutions of this House; and that the whole Produce of Italy, from the failure of the Crops, and other extraordinary Consumptions, will not be Sufficient to carry on the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and from hence a great Stagnation of Trade, and Confusion, must arise; or at Jeaft, bad, dear, and disgraceful Manufactures, through the Use of improper Oils; and that the Manufacturers, in order to iiipply the Deficiency of Olive Oil, have already had Recourse to Fish Oil; but, to their Cost, and the great Prejudice of their Manufactures, have found it improper for their Use; and that the Regard the Legislature has at all times had for the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and the kind Indulgcncies they, have been favoured with, shewn particularly by the late free Admis-fion of Cochineal and Indigo, though enumerated Commodities, and the important Consequences of the present high Price of Oil, have emboldened the Petitioners to request, that the Prohibition of Spanish Oil may be taken off; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to considerof the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

E*rlof Mr. Winninglon reported from the Committee, to

Anglesey’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

Marriage Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement

Settlement. maje by James Earl of Anglesey, on his Marriage with

Katharine, now Duchess Dowager of Buckingkamjkire and Normanby, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in- Offices iod demnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves ^®Ploymcnu* for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Phillips, and Mr. Carew do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply BiH; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duties oq for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Liquors, and sP,rits»&c* Licences for retailing the same; and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors; was committed, the Amendments,* which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read; and the Amendments' made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, except On^. which was disagreed to, upon the Question severally; put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That the Thirteenth Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Ma- . jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly:

And several Amendments being made to Clause A;

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Report bead- journed till Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. *'

The next and last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Of- officers^, fleers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimateof the Charge thereof, for the Year 1743: And also,

Account of extraordinary Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces incurred Anno 1742, no.t provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 2jthof December 1716: with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1743.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session: And the said Account of extraordinary Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces incurred Anno 1742, not provided for by Parliament, is as followeth; viz. , . /

An

16 Geo. II.

8° Februarii.

411

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces incurred Anno 1742* not

provided for by Parliament

To answer his Majesty’s Warrant of the 17th of April 1742, directing Payment of i Bill of Exchange drawn by Governor Trelawney from Jamaica, for the Expence of taking Care of the tick and hurt Soldiers of the American Regiment -

To fat isfy a like Warrant of the 17th of August 1742, directing Payment of a Bill of Exchange drawn by Major-General Anstruther, Lieutenant-Governor of Minorca, for the Service of

that I stand ----- -----....

To make good the like Sum paid for Camp Necessaries for the Regiments commanded by Major-General Ligonier, Brigadier-General Ponsonby, Brigadier-General Bragg, Colonel

Johnson, and Colonel Blith - -- --....

Paid the Contractor for furnishing Ammunition Bread to the Troops in Flanders, in Advance,

upon Account, per Warrant of the 3d of August 1742 - £.5,000-----

Paid him more upon Account of his Contract for Bread Waggons, per

Warrant of the 19th of August 1742 ----- 7,746 9 6

To make good the like Sum paid for his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of 498 Chaldrons of Coals for the Use of the Garrison of Gibraltar - - 759 9 —

Paid more for D* on 502 Chaldrons of Coals delivered for the Use of the said

Garrison - - - - 765 11 —

Paid more for erecting a Coal Yard there ——

Paid Mr. William Caulfield for surveying, and keeping in Repair, the New Roads in the Highlands of Scotland, Anno 1742 -

Paid General Clayton for finishing a Bridge there -

Paid for Camp Necessaries for Five Regiments, commanded by Colonel Long> Colonel Mor-daunts Colonel Price, Colonel De Grangues, and Colonel Cholmondeley at £.309. ioj. each -Paid Mr. Garniere, Apothecary-General, for Medicines for the Hospital, and for 27 Regimental Chests to several Regiments ordered to Flanders . Paid for Forage-money to the General and Staff Officers, the Battalions offootGuards, and the several Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, per Warrant of the 29th of September 1742 Paid for Baggage-money to the Three Battalions of Guards, and the several Regiments of

Foot serving in Flanders, per Warrant of the 27th May 1742 - - £.3,000-----

Paid more for the like Service per Warrant of 29th September 1742 - - 925 — —

"For the Charge of transporting Seven Regiments from Ireland to Great Britain - For 123 DaysPay of the additional Officers of the Hospital in Flanders, to the 24th Decemberi^j^ Payments actually made to the Contractor for Victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, from the 4th of February 173!, the Commencement of his Contract, to the 11th of July T742,

inclusive - - £. 277,838 4 5

Payments from the 12th of July, to the 26th of December, 1742, inclusive, being Six Months, at 28 Days per Month, at the Rate £. s. d. of £,2,800 per Month, per Estimation, amounts to - 16,800 — —

Insurance, Anno 1742 -

Incident Charges, per Estimation

1,500-----

100 — —

18,400 — —

Total for actual and estimated Payments

Total of the Supplies voted for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the Contractor, for that Service,

- 296,238 4 5

to 24th December 1742

- 289,844 12 si

Remains to be provided for by Parliament ——

To satisfy the Demands of the Contractors for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6d. perMan per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contraft, and according to the Account thereof delivered by the Contractors -

Total * - - £.

Towards answering which Sum of £.56,435. 18s. 8 Id. the Savings out of the Sums Voted for General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, in the Years 1740, 1741, and 1742, per Estimation, amounts to -

Remains to be provided for by Parliament

t.

£ *-i>5 01 S

735 -

1,588 — 6

12,746 9 6

i>52$ -

4'-2 14 6

500-----

if©-----

1,547 10 — 2,388 13 — 14,897 2

3»92| ,

5,348 11 4§

492 — — ‘

6,393 —

2»275 — —

56,43518 15,000-----:

41,435 18 8f

War-Office, the 8 th February, 174f-- Will. Tong*.

Vol. 24.

Ordered,

412

8° — 90 Februariu ~ \ 1742.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. 'Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Bwwcs Tiie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ruad.' for repairing the Road from Bowes> in the County of York, to Brough^ under Stainmore, in the County of IVfmorelandy without any Amendment: And also,

HocWiffe, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *c. Roads. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also,

Bockholi’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by N«. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bockholt: And also,

Screes' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nau. naturalizing James Serces Clerk: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Torres*,-&c. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Nat. naturalizing Paul Torras and John Godfrey Zurhorst: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. ^And then the Messengers withdrew.

Forfeited A Petition of the several Owners and Matters of Ships Bonds for uling the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto fub-Coal Duties, fcrilid, in behalf of themselves, and many others using the said Trade, was presented to the Home, and read *, setting forth, That ithe Manner of carrying on the said Trade is, that when Ships arrive in the Port of London, the Matters employ Crimes, or Factors, to dispose of their Coals; who, with the Matters, enter into Bonds to his Majesty, payable within Three Months, for the Duties of the Coals; and the Matters are allowed Two and a Half per Cent. Discount, if they pay the said Duties within Sixteen Working-days after the Entry of the Ships; and the Crimps, or Factors, for their Pains and Trouble, are allowed from the Matters a Commission of a Half per Cent, upon the Amount of the whole Cargo j and the Matters make up an Account with their Factors every Voyage, in which the Factors always charge all the Duties, and their Commission; and that the Petitioners having for many Years employed Sir Malthu? Ryal9 William Williford9 John Gibson, and othecs, aslheir Crimps, or Factors, did, from time to time., along with them, execute Bonds for the Payment of the said Duties, and always left in their Hands sufficient Value to pay such Bonds; which the Petitioners believed the Collector had regularly received from their Fastore^ because, if he had not, the Collector would then have demanded Payment of such Bonds, when they became due, as he ought to have done ;and that the Petitioners entirely rdying-an that, and putting Confidence in their Crimps, and in the Care of the Collector, and being oftentimes hurried away with their Ships, oeglefted to take up several of their Bonds, as they should have done; and that the said Williford dying insolvent, and the Collector of the said Duties being also dead, greatly m Anear to his Majesty for the said Duties, as the Petitioners are informed; and the said Gibson having, since the Death of the said Collector, like wife become insolvent, an Extent hath issued against the said Gibson, and Sir Malthas Ryal, for Non-payment of the said Duties; and the Solicitor of the Customs hath wrote several Letters to the Petitioners, demanding, to their great Surprise, Payment of Bonds, some of them due above Fourteen Years ago pretending that the Duties are dill unpaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Bonds, notwithstanding they dill remain in the Collector’s Office, have been regularly paid, otherwise the Collector of the said Duties could not annually have made up his Accounts; nor would he have delivered up to the Peti-tUgieO great Numbers of Bonds entered into since the *7

Date of these Bonds* for which they are now threatened to

be sued, as he did, without taking the lead Notice of any

former Bonds; and that great Numbers of Bonds (landing

out against the Petitioners are dated in the Years 1727,

1728, and 1729; and that it appears by the said Gibson\

Books, that-he hath regularly paid the Duties on Bonds

datedfince Chttfimas 1741; and should the Collector have

applied that Money for the Payment of Bonds of an old

Dace (left in the Office by a Contrivance betwixt him and the said Gibson, in order that the said Gibson might have the Use of the public Money; and that if the Collector

should be called upon by the Commissioners, he might

be able to produce Bonds to make up his Accounts, it

would be extremely hard to make the Petitioners repay

the Money, when they were noways pnvy to the Fraud

carried on between the Collector and nkn: And repre-

fenting to the House, that had the Collector’s Accounts

been regularly inspected, and the Bondsput in Suit indue

time against the Petitioners, as they ought to have been,

the Petitioners could have had Redrefe from their Crimps,

which, by their I nfolvency, they are now entirely deprived

of; and that should the said Bonds be now put in Suit

against the Petitioners, they and their Families mutt be

inevitably ruined, and forced to seek their Livelihood in

foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to

take the iPremifes into Consideration, and give such Relief

to the Petitioners as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the Housebeing Call of the read; Hoofe*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Call of the House be adjourned to this Day Fortnight; i

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Fortnight," and inferring instead thereof the Words " Two Months

And the Question being put. That the Word c< Fortnight" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tl* Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " Two Months" be iriferted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question so amended being put;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned to this Day Two Months.

The otlrer Order of the Day being read, for the Second Wctring

Reading of the Bill to prohibit the Wearing of Gold and Gold Lace, Silver Lace, Thread, or Wire, in Apparel;

A Mention was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IF* Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- j>UTimnt cording to Order, a Billfor punishing Mutiny and Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the-Army and Ucftrtion. their Quarters: And the same was received; and 4*ead the First time.

Resolved,

16 Geo. II. 90 Februarii.

413

land Tax Commissionett Names.

Marlborough

Road.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year 1742; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou.-sand Seven hundred and Forty-three: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wills, was presented to the House, and readj letting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of this House, that a Bill has been brought in for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Hilly and from the Town of Avebury to the Ciofs-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and that several of the present Petitioners did petition for the Bill for amending the Roads lead i ng from Marlborough, t h rough West Kennety to Beckhampton and Shepherds Shord; but have since better considered of the Premises, and viewed the Hoads leading from Marlborough, not only through West Kennet to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, called the lower Road, but also the Roads leading from Marlborough, over Marlborough Common, through Manton Inclosures, leaving Wroughlon Coppice on the Left Hand, through Avebury, to the said Cross-way, called the upper Road; and beg Leave to lay before the House their maturerThoughts, that, in order to complete a Turnpike Road from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to the said Cross-way (it being great Part of it a deep hollow Way, and confiding of but a tingle Track for Wheel-carriages; it being lb very narrow in most Places, that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and Brcakings-out being but few; and, as the Bill now stands, neither Stones nor Soil being to betaken from the Estates lying on that Road, nor Landscobe purchased, by virtue of this Bill, without Consent of the Owners), the Petitioners conceive, that the making this Road a good Turnpike Road will cost a great Sum of Money, and cannot be completed in many Years, by the Tolls to be collcded by virtue of this Bill; becaulc it is to bepre-fumed, that the other Part of the Roads leading from the said Cross-way to Shepherds Shordy having never been repaired since the Memory of Man, and though lying on the open Downs, being become very ruinQus, by being lately inclosed by Ditches, will, as the^Petitioners apprehend, in common Prudence, be mended first; and that to guard against the Inconveniencies above-mentioned, and for the Satisfaction of this House, the Petitioners have caused the lower and upper Roads, leading from Marlborough to the said Cross-way, to bemeasured with a Chain in the Common Track, where Coaches and Waggons pass; and upon this Measure they find, that the lower Road is Six Miles Three Quarters and Eight Pole; the upper, Seven Miles One Quarter and Eleven Pole; and that there is no more than Half a Mile and Three Pole difference between the one and the other; and that the upper Road lies in an open champ Country, and that Materials may be had for the repairing it, without injuring the Lands; which cannot be said of the lower Road; and that the Petitioners conceive that it may be amended, and made very good, for a Fifth of what mull necessa-rily be expended on the lower Road: And further repre-fenting to the House, That the lower Road is at this time a good champ Road for Waggons and Horsemen, and may be easily kept so by Half a Day’s Statute-labour yearly, according to the Laws now in being for the Amendment of the Highways in this Kingdom: That these several Particulars the Petitioners are able to shew to be true; and pray to be heard as to the Matter and Things before-men-

Vol. 24,

tioned: And therefore praying, That the House will please to admit of a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, for the Amendment of the upper Road from Marlborough Town’s End, through Avebury, to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, instead of the lower Road, or otherwise as to the House shall seem meet: And further observing, that, as the Bill now stands, the upper Road is to be amended above a Mile and a Half to Avebury; so that there will be but about Six Miles to be amended.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the'Negative.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning. 4

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made by James Earl of Anglesey, on his Marriage with Katharine, now Duchels Dowager of Buckbighamshire and Nor man by. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winninglon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Italy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade from these Kingdoms to Italy hath long been, and still is, very large and beneficial, in taking off great Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures, FiHi, Lead, Tin; Leather, and other Goods; and that such Trade hath been carried on, since the present War, by large Ships of Force, with great Numbers of Seamen, and without Convoys, at a very great Expence to the Petitioners, and with Safety to the Mariners, that iife-ful Part of the People; and that, ih order to the (peedy Return of such large Ships, the Petitioners have been, and are, obi iged to provide great Quantities of Italian Oil in Readinefe, as Foundations for reloading them homewards; and considerable Quantities of such Oil are lately arrived, and at Market; not less than a Thousand Tons more are now on the Way hither, and Orders are already gone for further great Quantities, which the Petitioners have engaged in, under the Security of the Law, that Spa-nish Oil could not, during the War, be imported; and that the Spanish Court, since the War, hath rigorously and repeatedly prohibited the Introduction of British Woollen and other Manufactures, even by the Way of neutral Ports; and that although Olive Oil was lately at a Price higher than ufua), the same didjiot, as the Petitioners apprehend, arise from the Cause assigned by the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, presented to this House; but from a Short ness in the Growth thereof in the Years 1740 and 1741; neither was the Excess of Price so great as represented; and that the Quantity used by the Petitioners, the Clothiers, is so small, that the high Price, if it had continued, would not prove such a very great Burthen and Inconvenience on the Woollen Manufacture, as alleged; and which, if it had, the Petitioners, who export and vend laige Quantities thereof, must themselves have felt; but that the introducing Spanish Gil during the War, which must be paid for in Money, and exported from thence in neutral Ships, however it may be of present Advantage to a very few j N particular

Insolvent

Debtors.

Earl of Anglesey *s Marriage Settlement.

Importation of Spanish Olive Oil.

414 9° — 1 °° Februarii% A* 1742.

particular Persons, will beof the highest Prejudice to these Petitioners, who have already invested their Properties under a Reliance on the Laws; and may greatly affect the general Interest, the Trade, and the Navigation, of this Kingdom, and be in a particular manner injurious to the Woollen Manufactories thereof5 for that it is too much to be feared, that it may divert a considerable Part of the Trade to Italy, by the Italians taking in Payment for their Oil the like Goods from our Competitors in the Woollen Manufactures, as they now take from Great Britain; whereby our Rivals, being at Peace, under no Impediment, and every ready to lay hold of Opportunities to increase their own Trade, may affect that of this Kingdom in too sensible a Manner: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said other Petition at such time as the same shall betaken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester: And that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, County resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Elections. consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisj 100 die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1742.

Offices and Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Xrapioyraenu. wh0 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose, That they do insert therein a Clause, or Clauses, to amend so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now lmitted by the said Act.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Willis’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act toen-Name. able Henry Willis Esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his issue Male and Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Hookes* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-Name. able Edward Rookes Efijuire, to take and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Recovery of Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Small Debts. Order, a Bill for the more easy and (peedy Recovery of small Debts; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way s and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 15

Prayers.

SIR Robert Abdy reported from the Committee, to Harlow Bulk whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads. granted by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon thcQuestion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Edward pririlcge. Tompkins Esquire, Christopher Bond Esquire, Richard Hawkins, Thomas Hawkins, and Thomas Dowle, did, upon the Third and Fourth Days of this instant February, enter upon a Waste, in the Town of Colford, in the Counry of Gloucester,' the Estate of the Lord Viscount Gage, a Member of this House, and did dig up the Soil thereof, in order to fink a Quarry there, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Toms’, &c. for naturalizing Paul Torras and John Godfrey Zurhorst, ^at* was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Willis’ enable Henry Willis Esquire, now called Henry Compton, ^amc-

and his Issue Male and Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Philipps presented to the House, according to Poor laws Order, a Bill for amending the Laws relating to the relating to Settlement of poor Persons: And the same was received 5 Scttkn*nts. and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

16 Geo. II. io"

4TS

Importation of Spanish Olive Oil.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways *ad Means,

A Petition of the Clothiers of Bradford, in the County the said Sum of Four hundred Eighty-one thousand Four of Wilts, was presented to the Houl’e, and read; setting hundred Pounds remaining unpaid of Exchequer Bills, forth. That the excessive high Price of Olive Oil, since issued pursuant to the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Prohibition of that Commodity from Spain, is not his late Majesty’s Reign, shall be charged upon the said only apparently prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the Duties granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament, Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom in general, but for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors, or strong Waters, greatly advantageous to our Rivals in Trade: And by Retail.

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to the That the Sum of Twelve thousand Four hundred Ninety -House shall seem meet. two Pounds Two Shillings Five Pence Three Farthings,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Grants for the Service of the Year 1742, be issued.and

it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stfoudzyater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foil owe th , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One Million be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum and the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, to be attended wit}\Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent. per Annum \ which said several Annuities . shall be transferrable at the Bank of England, and charged on the several Duties on spirituous Liquors granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties granted to his late Majesty King George the First, by an Act of the Twelfth Year of his Reign, For granting an Aid to his said late Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1743, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the said Rates and Duties now charged with the Payment of the principal Sum of Four hundred Eighty-one thousand Four hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, the said Sum remaining unsatisfied in Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest thereupon, and Charges of circulating the fame, shall, from and after the 25th Day of March 1743, together with the Sum herein after granted to his Majesty, be charged on the Duties granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament, for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors, or strong Waters, by Retail, fub-ject to the same Rules and Methods as were prescribed concerning the circulating and paying off the same Exchequer Bills, in and by the Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for laying a Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to borrow by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred and Eighteen thousand Six hundred Pounds j which said Sum of Five hundred and Eighteen thousand Six hundred Pounds, together with

Vol. 24.

applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House County to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Parc of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carezv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That an Accou nt be laid before this House of Transport the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1742. Service.

Ordered, That the Commissioners in victualling his Victualling Majesty’s Navy do lay before this House, an Account of the Forces, the Expence in that Office in victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the rft Day of January 1741, and t}ie 31st of December 1742.

' A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Praffian Coran humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he respondence. will be graciously pleased to communicate to this House,

Copies of all Declarations, Memorials, or Representations,

Letters, or Precis of Letters, and an Account of all verbal Communications, from the King of Rrujfia, or his Ministers, to his Majesty, or his Ministers, or to the States General, or their Ministers, and by them communicated to his Majesty, or his Ministers, relating to any auxiliary or foreign Forces entering into Germmy, in Support of the Queen of Hungary;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

for he "5"’ }> °

Tellers for the NoeS,^r’a*'"> J 164.

Spit passed in the Negative,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Swedith Coran humble Address be presented to his Majesty j That he re*P°nd«ice. will be graciously . pleased to communicate to this House,

Copies

41 6 i o° — 110 Fe 1742.

Copies of all Declarations, Memorials, or Representations, Letrers, or Precis of Letters, from the King of Sweden, or his Ministers, to his Majesty, or his Ministers, concerning the Hejftan Forces, now in the Low Countries, marching, or not marching, into Germany; together with the Answers given by his Majesty, or his Ministers, relating the reunto;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ JJj; Alderman Calvert :} 04-

Tellers for the Noes, { JJj* ] 148.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Imp'-Mtion Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

of foreign next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cambrick*. to confix of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

City, &e. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Elections, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Invent Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Debtor*, whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, ap- Expiring pointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expir- haw*, ing; and to report their Opinion to the House which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day oijune 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be conti-

Dunchorch

Roads.

Gloucester

Road*.

Rodket’

N«nc.

Vcxtris,i° die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii II" Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Wilmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St. James's End, in the Town of Northampton; And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing and 'making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London; and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road to Oxford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. N. Berkeley, Mr. Hmgerford, Mr. Hayward, Mr. South-well, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Pryfe, Sir James Grant, Mr. Winford. Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Carew, Dr. Butler, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Scott, Sir Nathanael Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Somerset, Hereford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Rookes Efauire, to take and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

nued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1743, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved,"That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Custorps and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by lay-inga Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for prohibiting their fending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to distant Places, in any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding One hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already licensed; and for applying certain Arrears of former Land Taxes towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; as relates to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, therein men-

tioiUtl,

i6 G%o. II. ri° February.417

tioned, which was to continue in Force for Eighteen Years from the 24th Day of June 1726; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and in an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty; and in One other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty; and also in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; relating to the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities, of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and of Justices of the Peace, and to the Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Directions therein mentioned; aie near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Second Resolution of the said Committee, which has been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Henry Archer and Mr. Phillip do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House. to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider the several Acts and Clauses, as mentioned in the other Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been postponed.

Insolvent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Confide-

Debton. ration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ‘

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; which

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Provided always, and be it Enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That no Person who took the Benefit of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty'b Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or uhdey this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Meaning thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

----- The said Clause being read a Second time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " an" before the Word " A ft," and inferring the Word " any" instead thereof; in order to extend

the Exception to all Persons whp had taken the Benefit of any former Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

And the Question being put. That the Word <e.an"

Hand Part of the Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the BilJ.::

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; which was read with ’Blanks; and is as followeth; viz.

Provided always, and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Richard Ward,

Benjamin Brim, and Wil/itimBoocock, Three of the People called Quakers, now Prisoners in the common v Gaol of the County of York, at the Suit of Robert Robin/on, for Tythes, or any of them, so as to oblige the said Richard Ward, Benjamin Burn, and William Boocock, to deliver in, and subscribe, a Schedule of their respective Estates and Effects; but it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the , said County, upon Application made by the said Robert Robin/on^ or by any Person or Persons for or on behalf of the said Richard Ward, Benjamin Burn, or William Boocock, to cause the said Prisoners to be brought before them at their next General Quarter-Seffious of the Peace, together.with a Copy or Co-pies of their Detainer, and to examine into the Value of the Estate and Effects of the said Prisoners, by the Oath of Witnesses, and to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any or more of them; thereby direct-

ing and requiring the respective Sums due from them respectively to the said Robert Robin/on, and for which they are respectively charged, and.detained in the said Prison, to be levied upon their tfelpeftive Goods and Chattels: And if the Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoners shall not be found suffi-

dent, then the real Estates of the Prisoners, if any such there be, shall, by the said Justices, be assigned over to the said Robert Robin/on, till such time as the said Debt shall be paid; and the said Prisoners shall, upon their Appearance before the said Justices, be discharged from their Imprisonment.

The said Clause being read a Second time; and ape-bate arising in the House upon the fold Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy Debt, curing the Office of Lord High. Admiral x>f Great Britain, presented to the Housey pursuant td their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood oh the 31st December ty$2.

And the Title of the said Estimate.was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz

Vol. 24.

O Navy

418

r i° Februarii.

AL1742.

Navy Office, } An E S T I M A T E of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter-9th February 1742. j mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1742.

Heads of the Naval Estimates. Particulars. TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course £ d. /. d.

of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, £sfr. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premiums allowed, by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores, the whole Sum registered in the Year 1742, amounted to £. 21,459. ll5% 5^* > whereof remains unpaid For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid ^id December ly^2 \ as also to several Bills of Exchange - -To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards for the ordinary and Extraordinary - - 428,522 3 7_ 8,988 9 10 1 204,044 12 —,) 902,290 16 -

247,893 — ' — 1

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty. in Council on that behalf - Seamen’s Wages. 12,84a 11 3J 1

Due to pay the Men, i£c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off-To Ships in Sea-pay on the*abovesaid 31st December 1742' -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered inCourse for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessarics, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, - -

Vi£luailing Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Short-Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills.'entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 i& December 1742 - For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners j viz.

le L as 0

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to, the said Service :? The Total amounts ta the Sum of Two million Eighthundred and Thirteen thousand Five hundred and Eighty-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence -From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands -And also the Money that remained to come ( as on the other Side.

in of the Supplies of the Year The Debt will then be Two million Three hundred and Fifty-one thousand Eighthundred and Forty-two Pounds and Twelve Shillings ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transports between the January 1741, and 31st December 1742 And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1741, and 31st

December 1742, amounts to....

For which Sum of £. 168,94.6. i8j. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Two million One hundred and Eighty-two thousand Eight hundred Ninety-five Pounds and Fourteen Shillings -

153,280 2 4"

h3*2>739 -

) *060,465 17 4

24,446 15 —

16,165 13 — '

247,106 18 8

18,015 6 10

25,167 5 1

£0,220 6 I

326,675 9 8

24,154 3 8

260,625 16 201,117 19

2,813,586 7 4 46i»743 *5 4

133,871 8 11

2,351,84a ta — 168,946 18 —

3S>°75 9 1

2,182,895 14

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworlh, Tlio. P John J. Faviltr.

Memorandum

,o

r*

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1742, in Money, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

O

In what TREASURER’S Hands.

In MO N E Y.

Right Honourable Pattee Lord Viscountf Torrington - -

Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire -j Executors of Thomas Clutterbuck Esquire Right Honourable Sir Charles PVnger - -j

Balance in his Hands, as settled by the Auditors? of the Imprefts - - - - " - - 3

In Money -

D% towards the Debt of sick and wounded Seamen

In Money -

D% towards the Debt of sick and wounded Seamen

In Money - -

D% towards the Debt of sick and wounded Seamen

On the Heads of

r

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

£ s. d. 1,467 6 8

8,194 8 10$

7,518 14 —

9,498 15 7

26,679 5 2

Seamen’s Wages.

£* s. d. L340 10 4

42,040 2 7

7^3 9 — i

46,145 110

*5,638 2 4i

4j,482 12 9f

4,358 12 6

*51,788 11 5J

-\ Victuals. TOTAL.

£ s. d. £ d.

16 11 54 J M24 8 5f

1,220 13 3i 5'2>2*5 *J 9*

6,025 5 2$ { 7$>3*7 5i

74,895 9 7i J 1304235 10 64

82,157 *9 7 260^,625 16 3

r

ft

jV, B- There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1742

£.201,117. 19-f-

M

16 G

420 1

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members1 of the House.

Whitchurch Ordered\ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve-in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the Coiihty of Southampton, in the room of Charles Clarke Esquire1, now One of the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

The other Order of the Dai bring read;

County Resolved, That thifc House \till, upon Monday next,

EJeftkms. at Twelve of the Clock, refold fffeEf into a Committee of the whole House* to conficj|er further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws douching the Election? of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to re ft ruin the Partiality, and regulate the "Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections. ‘

And then the House adjdumed till -Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock. f

Luna, 14.0 Fehfuarii;

Anno 16° Georgii II. Regis, 1742,

Prayers.

Dummer r I ' H E Lord harry Powlelt reported from the Com-inclosure. JL mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing And dividing several common Fields and common PaAures in the Parish of Dimmer, in the County of Southampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegation? of the Bill, and found the same to be* true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confefct to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Richard Soper, who is intitled to Three Yard-lands and One-half, John Minchin to Onfc Quarter of a Yard-land, Richard Pointer to One Yard-land, Thomas Mariner and Elizabeth his Wife, and Jane Hall, to One-half Yard-land, and William Smith the elder to One Yard-land; but that all the said Parties have been apprised of the intended Inclosure, and were desired to sign the Bill; which they refused to do; but that John Minchin, Richard Pointer, Thomas Mariner, and Elizabeth his Wife, severally said. That they would not oppose the Bill; and that none of them have appeared before the Committee to oppose the fame; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, widi the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed. 7

Importation A Petition of the Clothiers and Woollen Manufacturers of Melksham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts, 1Te 1 was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That since the Prohibition of Trade with Spain i Olive Oil is advanced to full double the Value it was at before; and that the French and Dutch, our Rivals in the Woollen Trade, reap great Advantages by being supplied with Oil from Spain; and that the Petitioners are supplied with Oil but very (eldom, and in small Quantities, from Portugal; the Price being generally very high there, and the Quality too ordinary for Clothiers Use; and that the Italians^ knowing the Necessity the Petitioners are under of being supplied from Italy, during the Continuance of the said Prohibition, and being able to calculate the Qaantity consumed yearly in this Kingdom, have taken the Advantage of a bad Season or Two, to ingross all the Oil, and vended it at exorbitant Prices, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and of the Woollen Manufacturers in ge-15

Februarii. A. 1742.

neral of this Kingdom; whose undoubted Interest is to make their,-.Goods on as eaiy and cheap Terms as the Manufacturers of the neighbouring Nations: And praying such effectual Relief as to the House shall seem iiKct.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge!-makers, Drugget- Importation makers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufac- q^qJJ1 tory, in the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribedi, in behalf of themselves, and^many others, Manufactureis in Places adjacent, in the said County, was also presented to the House, and read'; representing tb the House, That the Petitioners, since the Prohibition on Olive Oil, have laboured under a very heavy Burthen, and great Inconvenience, from the exorbitant high Price the said Oil has come to, since the Commencement of the present War with Spain; anti that it is not only advanced from about Twenty-six Pounds to Hear Sixty Pounds a Ton; bud, if tille said Prohibition continues, the Petitioners apprehend all the Olive Oil. to be brought into this Kingdom will be engrossed into so few, Hands, that the Price thereof will still probably increase to a much higher Rate; and that what Quantities fhaW be imported may not be sufficient for carrying on the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom, to the very great Loss and Prejudice of the! Manufacturers, the Decay of Trade, the Increase of the Poor, and the considerable. Benefit and Encouragement to Foreigners concerned in the said Trade I

Abroad: And therefore praying, That the House will

fake the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and use such Methods for relieving the ir, present Grievances* as the Nature of the same requires, and: as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confidferation of the Committee of the whole-House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers d>f Strcudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of GloHceJier.

Sir Robert £o«greported from the Committee, to whom shepherd* the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Marlborough, Shorn, &c. through WffKennet, to Shepherds Shortand from the Roa^*

Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton t<j> the Top of Cheril Hill; and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tfrey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, witlk the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Vice-Admiral Vernon being chosen a Burgess to serve Penrya in this present Parliament for the Rorouglf of Penryn, in Writ, the County of Cornwall; and also a Citizen for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent; and aHo a Burgel’s fot the Borough of lp/wich, \n the County of Suffolk, made his Election to serve for t he said Borough of Ipswich.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hti Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to tnakeout a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament 1

for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, \

in the room of the said Mr. Vernon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rochester the Clerk of the Crown, to make cut a new Writ, for Wrlt* the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parlia- I

ment for the City bf Rochester, in the County of Kent, 1

in the room of the said Mr. Vernon.

A Petition of the Matter Combers in the City oftNor-^prtrtanon j wick, was presented to the House, anfl read; fettin^ forth, of /W?1 That the Petitioners, in the Manufacturing of Wool into J

Yan^ I

16 Geo. II. 140 Februarii. 421

Yam, aite obliged to mfe gVeat Quantities of Oil and Soap; and that, before the Prohibition of Commerce with Spam, the Oil which was generally used was Oil of Olives, of the Growth of Spaing which then fold from. Twenty-four Pounds to Twenty-six Pounds a Ton; and that, since the Prohibition of Spanjh Oil, the Oil of Olives, brought in from other foreign Parts, hath continued advancing until it is now at Sixty Pounds a Ton; and, in all Probability, if some Relief be not granted, will advance yet much higher; and that, since the Prohibition of Oil from Spain, the Soap, which the Petitioners consume, has advanced Twenty-five per Cent.; and will likewise, as the Petitioners apprehend, still greatly advance, on Account of the excessive Price of Oil; and that the Petitioners greratly suffer in their Business, being obliged to manu-fasture, on these Accounts, dearer than Foreigners, who have an open Commerce with Spain: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

Importation A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and

Olive Oi?1 Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristolunder their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of this House, that feme Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, have represented, by their Petition, the great Burthen and Inconvenience they lie under by the high Price of Olive Oil, occasioned, as they fugged, from the Prohibition thereof from Spain, during the present War, to the Prejudice of the Woollen Manufactory; and representing to the House, That the Trade from Great Britain to Italy, so beneficial by the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, Fish, and other Commodities (the Product of these Kingdoms, and our Plantations), has been carried on, since the War, by Ships of Force, at a very great Expence to the Proprietors; who are obliged to provide a great Quantity of Italian Oil for their Return home; and that the High Price of Oliye Oil, as the Petitioners conceive, was occasioned chiefly from the Failure of the Recultas in Italy and Portugal, in the Years 1740 and 1741; and that the Quantities ordered, under the SanClion of the British Laws, and shortly expected, will, in all Probability, reduce the Price considerably, without the Admission of Spanish^ Oils; for which, Money must be paid, at the same titne that Spain wiHnot admit any of the British Manufactures; and that the Crown of Spain has frequently, on the Failure of the Olives, prohibited the Exportation of Oil; so that, at this time of actual War, instead of distressing its Subjects as much as possible, the taking off the Prohibition would assist them with ready Money for a Commodity, which must otherwise lie on their Hands: And therefore praying the House to be heard, by their Counsel herein, against the said other Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester: And that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ditto. A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers residing at Chippenham) Wilts, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That, since the Prohibition of Trade with Spain, Olive Oil is advanced to full double the Price it was at before; and the French and Dutch, who rival the Petitioners in their Trade, reap great Advantages, because they can be supplied with Oil from Spain \ and that the Petitioners are supplied with Oil but very seldom, and in small Quantities, from Portugal, the Price being very

VOL. 24.

high generally* and the Quality too ordinary for Clothiers Use; and that the Italians, knowing the Necessity the Petitioners are under of being supplied from Italy, during the Continuance of the said Prohibition; and being able to calculate the Quantity consumed yearly in this Kingdom, have taken Advantage of a bad Season or Two, engrossed all the Oil, and vended it at exorbitant Prices, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and of the Woollen Manufacturers in general of this Kingdom; whose undoubted Interest it is to make their Goods on as easy and cheap Terms as the Manufacturers of neighbouring Nations: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Durjley, and Placesadja- Importation qent, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the of House, and read; representing to the House, That the Pe~0ilvc 0il* titioners at this time labour under the greatest Burthen and Inconvenience from the high Price of Spmish.Olive Oil, occasioned, in a great measure, by the Prohibition of that Commodity from Spain since the Commencement of the r. presentWar; it having advanced, imthat time, from about Twenty-five Pounds to Sixty Pounds a Ton, to thegurease Hindrance and Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture of tfiofe Parts, and Kingdom in general, and to the great Advantage of the French Merchants; who are thereby enabled to undersell us in foreign Markets: And therefore! praying the House to take the Premises i'dto Consideration, and to do therein as shall be thought meet.

And the said Petitions were severalty ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

Refolded, That an humble Address be prefen tod to his Estimateof Majesty, That he will begraciously pleasedlto give Di- building Tedious to the proper Officers to lay before this House, shlP5, an Estimate of what maybe necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty'& Ships, for the Year 1743.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members: of this Howie as are of his Majestyxs most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, Luton, a-c. a Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year Roauis. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,: An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to West wood Gate\ ', in the said County; and for repairing the Road's from Luton to St. AlhanS) in the County of Hertford;: and froinMedr ford to the End of the Parish of Stags den; and from Medford to Taru.ey' Bridge, in the said County of Bedford:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art k& Ccrces* Nat. for naturalising James Ccrces Clerk, was read the Fiift time. t

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Bernard Schaffer and Stephen B our get Schaffer’*, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Nat. their Names may be inserted in the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing* Paul Tor-ras and John Godfrey Zv.rhorft.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Supply Bit Order, a Bill for repealing the several Rates and Duties Duties n* upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Yiuufciler# Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bilis of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail; and also for 5 P enabling

4 2 2 i 14* — 150

enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Service of the Year 1743, to be further charged on the.raid Duties for Licences: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bethnal Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according Green to Order, a Bill to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in '-jpanih, &c. parish of §1' Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Mid-d/efexy a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a rarish Church therein: And the same was received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, that, as far as his Majesty hath any Interest therein, the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolvecdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers residing in of Spanish Wottony Duvjley, and Uley, was presented to the House, Olive Oil rea(j. setting forth, That, since the Prohibition of Trade with Spain, Olive Oil is advanced to full double the Price it was at before; and the French and Dutchy who rival the Petitioners in their Trade, reap great Advantages, because they can be supplied with Oil from Spain; and that the Petitioners are supplied with Oil but very feldonV, and in small Quantities, from Portugal; the Price being very high generally, and the Quality too ordinary for Clothiers Use; and that the Italians, knowing the Necessity the Petitioners are under of being supplied froov Italy, during the Continuance of the said Prohibition, and beingable to calculate the Quantity consumed yearly in this Kingdom, have taken Advantage of a bad Season or Two, engrossed all the Oil, and vended it at exorbitant Prices, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and of the Woollen Manufacturers in general of this Kingdom; whose undoubted Interest is to make their Goods on as easy and cheap Terms as the Manufacturers of neighbouring Nations: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

Supply Bill An iHgroflfed Bill for repealing certain Duties on Duties on spirituous Liquors, and Licences for retailing the fame. Spirits, &c. and for laying on other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and for a Licence to retail the said Liquors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the fame, and for laying other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on - Licences to retail the said Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

1742.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a County Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Eleaioni. Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carezv reported f.om the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, ‘That this House will, upon Wednesday Importatioi Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of foreign whole House, to consider of the Importation and Wearing CambroU,.. of foreign Cambricks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- City,&c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Elcdwnir House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

MR. Phillipson from the Commissioners of the Navy, Transpor* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Service, an Account of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1742.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Early

Inclosure,

Willis*

Name.

Rooke*’

Name.

16 Geo. II. 150 Febr 423

Navy-Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1742; prepared 14th February 1742. J pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 10th February

1742-

Freight of Tran (ports ——

Charge of Stores supplied to, and of Cabbins, Stalls, and other Conveniencies, built onboard, the Transports, with the Expences of surveying them -

Bedding for Soldiers -

Salary for Agents - - - -.....-

Contingent Charges of the Transports, included in Bilte of Exchange drawn by the Agent in the West Indies ——

Bills of Exchange drawn by Governors of the Northern Colonies, for the Charge of transporting Recruits from thence to the West Indies -

Pilotage of Transports to Oft end, and Port Charges on debarking Forces at that Place,/ building Platforms for landing the Horse, and other contingent Expences attending the Service ——

nd other Charges attending the Embarkation of the Forces at Northfleet and

Hay, Oats, and other Requisites, Hire of Sloops and Lighters, for putting the same on board, and other necessary Charges on that Occasion -

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth, Thomas Pearfe, John Phillipson, J. Fawler.

Wharfage, a Gravesend Purchase of

£ s. d.

117,707 8 3

5*737 18 8

761 2 7

568 8 —

1,620 »4

761 6 2

2.739 4 9

508 1 —

3.467 S 4

133,871 8 II

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Pozmey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing several common Fields lying in Early, in the Parish of Soning, in the County of Berks; and for exchanging several antient Inclosures in Early aforesaid; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Willis Esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his Issue Male and Defendants, to take and ufethe Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Admiral Per non. Sir John Chester, Mr. Scot, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Brereton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Selzvyn, Sir W. Williams Wynn, Mr. Dundas, Sir John Daftiwood, Lord Granard, Mr. Strode, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Bichard Grenville, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savill, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Parker, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Phillips, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Winford, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Southampton, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Rookes Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the lad Will and Tef-tament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay ward, Mr. Brereton, Sir

VOL. 24.

Thomas Drury, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Curzon»

Mr. Scot, Mr. Winford, Mr. York, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. West, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Jac.

Bounterie, Mr. Walker, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Harris, Mr.

White, Mr. Carew, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Strange, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Powney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Selwyn,

( Mr. Bowles, Sir Wm. Carew, Lord Granard, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Cornewall, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Strode, Mr. Aifta-bie. Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, concerned in Importation making mixed and medley Broad-cloth, in the Town of of Spaniiu Froome, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the OIlve 0|1, House, and read; representing to the House, That, since the Prohibition of Trade with Spain, Olive Oil is advanced to more than double the Price it was before, to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and, as they apprehend, to the Encouragement of our Rivals: And therefore expressing their Hope, that the House will take off the Prohibition on Spanijk Oil, or grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers* Harlow Bush granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign ^oad* of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Efex.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill, to, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . ..5

An

Dommer

Inclosure.

424

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing several common Fields and common Failures in the ParKh of hummer, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the inclosing and dividing the common Fields and Wade-grounds lying within the Manor of Dimmer, in the Parish of hummer, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Harry Pozvlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Conviction of Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, transported a Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of foondat Offenders found at large within the Kingdom of Great large. Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

15 0 Fehruari

A. 1742,

Imposition A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers redding in of Spanish the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read;

Olive Oil. setting forth. That, since the Prohibition of Trade with Spainx Olive Oil is advanced to full double the Price it was at before; and the French and Dutch, who rival the Petitioners in their Trade, reap great Advantages, because they can be supplied with Oil from Spain; and that the Petitioners are supplied with Oil butvery seldom, and in small Quantities, from Portugal, the Price being very high generally, and the Quality too ordinary for.Clothiers Use; and that the Italians, knowing the Necessity the Petitioners are under of being supplied from Italy, during the Continuance of the said Prohibition; and being able to calculate the Quantity confirmed yearly in this Kingdom, have taken Advantage of a bad Season or Two, engrossed all the Oil, and vended it at exorbitant Prices, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and of the Woollen Manufacturers in general of this Kingdom; whose undoubted Interest is to make their Goods on as easy and cheap Terms as the Manufacturers of neigh-J boiiring Nations: And praying such effectual Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester.

Elections in An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the Laws Scotland, touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. L. 34. After " elected," and before "any," to lnfert the Words following; " and that the Property of Lands of the Valuation aforesaid, holden in Part im- mediately of the King or Prince, and in Part of a " Peer, or other Person, or Body Politic, incapable to "elect, or to be elected, shall be a sufficient Qualifi-f< cation to the Proprietor and Owner of such Lands; iC and shall intitle such Proprietor to vote, and to be u elected, for the said Shire:"

Pr. 22. L. 2. To leave out the Words <c declared " and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to explain and amend the Laws couching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Scot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Message from the Lords,- by Mr. Spicer and- Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to TrefcfisS enable Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Robert Trefufis Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Robert Cotton Trefufis, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the County of Cornwall: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gape's enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape Esquires, to make ®^4le* Jointures, Leases, and Provisions, for younger Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

" Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according Justicestf to Order, a Bill to empower Justices of the Peace to ad in certain Cafes relating to Parishes and Places, to the jcatoRates. Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable;

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Supply Bill; Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Ci- D^ieson ties of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of VictuaLen. Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unfa-tisfied thereupon to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Service of the Year 1743, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences; was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the ?ili be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Spanish to consider of the Petition of the Clothiers of Stroud- Olive Oil* water, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Htmfe will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into , a Committee of the whose House, to consider of the said Petition, and of the other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, rcfumed the adjourned jnf0ivent Debate upon the Clause, which, upon Friday last, was Debtors, offered to be added to the Bill for the Relief of in to I vent Debtors.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by . leaving out all the Words therein from the Wordsor ariy of them

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the said Clause;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Blanks in the said Clause being filled up, and several Amendments being made to the said Claui^, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Punning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon an® th£ Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the C CrU0D* better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17 Odered%

16 Geo. II. 150 — 16° Februarii. 425

Ordered, That Mr. Carcw have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Trefufia* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. enable Trustees named in the Settlement and Will of

Robert Trejufis Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his $on Robert Cotton Tref ufis, to make Leases of Fart of his Estate, in the County of Cornwall, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Adjoarament. A Motion being tfiade, That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock;

Notice was taken: And it appeared upon Mr. Speaker's telling the House, that Forty Metnbers were not present: Whereupon, the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

mm*, m i-----

Mercurii, 16° Februarii;

Anno i6* Georgii Udi Regis, 1742. Prayers.

jD E R NHA R D Schaffer and Stephen Bourget took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Houblon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape Esquires, to make Jointures, Leases, and Provisions, for younger Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively, by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr* Alderman Calvert reported from the Committee, without Aid- to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish gate. Poor. Q£ Rotolph, without Aldgate, in the City of London, to raile a certain Sum of Money, for Payment of Debts already contracted, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Pobr of the said Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Poor Laws A Bill for amending the Laws relating to the7 Settle’ relating to ment of poor Persons was read a Second time.

Settlement* Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Vou 24.

Wadesmill

Road*.

Gape’a

Estate.

St. Botolph,

A Bill for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Convictionof Offenders, found at large within the Kingdom of Great transported Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation, was read a Second time. J^jjJat

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thfe Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee dF the whole House, tipon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Early for confirming, establishing, and making effectual, cer- Incl°fi»re' tain Articles of Agreement made and entered into, for inclosing and dividing several comfndn ^Fields, Tying in Early, in the Parish of Soiling, in the County of Berks, and for exchanging several antient Inclosures in Early aforesaid, wa,s read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Poivney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr, Phillips presented to the House, according to Or- Offices and der, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to EmPl°y-qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within ments‘ the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Reculants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, now limited by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Monday last (that his Majesty would be gra- Addrek* ciously pleated to g ve Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the Eftinute therein mentioned) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve Importation itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of toreign of the Importation and wearing of foreign Cambricks; am nc s*

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Cambricks, from Chn/lmas 1727, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambricks exported during the same Time (which Account was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of May last); be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phillips reported from the Cofnniittee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them inferred;, and that he was directed by the Committee to rhove, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, ujion Monday Meaning next, resolve itself into a Cdmrfiittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Importation and wearing of foreign Cambricks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mofning Punching next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hdufe, upon the Bill fbt punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5 Q And

by

° Februarii.

4 26 i(S0 — 17

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 die;

Anno 16* Georgii II" Regis, 1742. Praters.

Cimbrick*. /ORDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before &c.inported. \J this House, an Account of what Cambricks and Lawns have been imported into this Kingdom, for Seven

A. 1744.

Years last past; distinguishing each Year, with the Places from whence they came, and the respective Duties charged thereon.

Mr. Hay, from the Commissioners for victualling his Viftoalh'ng Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their the Forces. Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces between the ill Day of January 1741, and the 31st of December 1742.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followethviz.

London, Victualling Office, nth February 1742. An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the ift Day of January 1741, and the 31st Day of December 1742; prepared pursuant to an Order, from the honourable House of

Commons, dated the 10th instant.

Paid on a Contraft with Messieurs Majon and Simpson, for 12 Months Provisions for 6,000 £. s. d.

Land Forces, made 23d April 1740 - -.....- 18,048 3 6

Paid for Freight and Demurrage or Ships, hired to carry Provisions for the Use of the Forces

in America - ----- 3,548 12 8

Paid upon Account of Freight of Provisions for the Squadron under the Command of Commodore Anson, £.2,925, the Proportion of which, for 500 Soldiers on board the said Squadron, is ----- - 753 17 3

Amount of Provisions, i3c. issued to Soldiers in their Passage from England to OJiend - - 7,348 14

Amount of Provisions, 13 c. issued to Soldiers in their Passage to and from Gibraltar and Mahon - 4,479 12

Amount of Provisions, ffic. put on board Ordnance Ships in April and May last, for victual-

ling of Bombardiers, L3c.....----- - 456 8 ij.

Amount of Six Months Provisions for an additional Company of 120 Grenadiers at Allowance, sent to Georgia in June last ----- 439 17 11J

Examined per D. S. £. 35,073 9 1

Memorandum: There may be more Provisions issued to Land Forces in the West Indies, in the Year 1742, but as Accounts are not yet received, so as to know the Quantity, the Value thereof cannot be included in this Account.

Sn. BiJJe, Tho. Trefujisy Tho. Revell, Wtn. Thompson, Richard Hally W, Hay.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shepherds An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Shord, &c. Marlborough, through West Kennel, to Shepherds S/iord, Roads. and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhamptony in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Hilly and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Annuities Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by

and Lottery. Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

t

Torras*, See. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Paul Torras and John Godfrey Zurhorst, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winford, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Coke, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Scot, Lord Geo. Graham, Sir H. Smithjon, Mr. Gregory, Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Earle, Lord Hartington, Mr. Wright, Mr. Packer, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hob/yn, Mr. Hampden, Sir John H. Cotton, Sir Miles Stapvllon, Mr. Wardour, Sir James Grant, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Watson, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Carter, Mr. Lifter % Mr. Pratty Mr. Mellish, Nil. Clive, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Bankes, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Parker: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Bernard Schaffer and Stephen Bourget, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee: And that the Committee, if they think fit, do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Recovery of Debts was read a Second time. Small Debts

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas.went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; } 58-

Tellers for the Noes,| JJj; ] 50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Remitting House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of the Minutes public Money of the Treasury, since the ift of March 1741-2, for re- Abroad, mitting Abroad of any public Money.

And the Title of the said Copies was read.

The said Copies are as followeth; viz.

Copies of Minutes of the Treasury, since the ift of

March 1741-2, relating to thp remitting Abroad of

any public Money.

18 March. Read Messieurs Burrell and Bristow's Answer relating to the Jamaica Currency.

1 23 March.

16 Geo. II. j 7° Februarii.

427

Sums as shall be wanting, from time to time, to be re- Remitting mitted on Account of what remains due to the Danish FubHcMoaey and Hejfian Forces, to the 25th of December 1741, and aV>r0 for the Pay and Extraordinaries of the said Forces, for the Year 1742, at the Rate of 10 Gs. ii St. and £ per Pound Sterling, payable as follows:

Two Thirds in Bills, at eight Days Sight.

One Third in Bills, at One Month after Date.

Signed,

John Gore, Joseph Gulfton yiriiox.

23 Match Messieurs Burrell and Bristow's Proposal for Remittances to Minorca and Gibraltar is read, and agreed to: The Pay matter-General of From 25th April, to Majesty’s Forces having, by his

*4th June,'1742. Memorial of this Day, acquainted my Lords, that the proposed Rates of Exchange are as usual: Which Proposal is as follows; viz.

That they will give their Bills for 41,500 Dollars, for the Subsistence of his Majesty’s Forces in the Island of Minorca, and at Gibraltar, upon their receiving the Value thereof, at the following Rates; viz.

20,500 Dollars for Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight, at 55 d. per Dollar.

11,000 Dollars for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at Sight, at 54 \d. per Dollar.

41,500 Dollars.

London, 23 Which is humbly submitted, &V. March 1741-2* Peter Bun ell, John Bristow.

15 April 1742. Mr. John Gore is to give in his Proposals to my Lords, for remitting £. 50,000, to Genoa, for the Queen of Hungary.

27 April. Read a Memorial from the Paymaster-Gene-ral of the Forces, dated this 27th instant, in which he represents, that his Deputy in Jamaica had paid the Forces there at £. 125. Jamaica Currency, for £. 100. Sterling; which Money he had taken up from Messieurs Grey and Wooley, Agents for the Contractors Messieurs Burrell and Bristow, according to the Rate of Exchange agreed to by the Terms of their Contract; but that his said Deputy acquaints him, he makes no doubt but he shall be able to procure any Sums that shall be wanting for the Service of the Troops under his Care of Payment, at the Rate of £. 140. Jamaica Currency, for every £. too. Sterling; the said Paymaster-General therefore prays their Lordships Directions, whether he shall fend Instructions to his Deputy to continue to take up such Sums of Money as the Service of the Troops shall require, from the Agents to the Contractors, upon the Terms of their Contract, or whether he shall be directed to take up what Sums of Money the Service shall, from time to time, require, at the bed Rate of Exchange he can obtain, to draw Bills upon the Paymaster for the fame, and keep a distinct Account in Writing of the Difference arising by Exchange, subject to future Directions.

Ordered, That the Paymaster-General direct his Deputy to take up the -Money at the best Rate of Exchange he can get, according to the latter Part of his Memorial.

29th April 1742.

My Lords agree to Mr. John Gore's Proposal, which is also now read; and is as follows:

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

The Proposal of John Gore.

Being informed that his Majesty has directed a Body of Troops upon foreign Service, I humbly propose to give my Bills on Amsterdam, for such Sums as shall be wanting for the Service of the said Troops, upon my receiving the Value thereof, after the Rate of Ten Guilders Eleven Stivers and a Half current Money of Amsterdam, for each Pound Sterling, which shall be payable as follows; viz.

Two Thirds, at Eight Days Sight.

One Third, at One Month after Date.

London, 29th Signed,

April 1742. John Gore.

13th May.

Read and agreed to a Proposal, by Mr. Gore and Mr. Gulfton, in the following Words.

The humble Proposal of John Gore and Joseph Gulfton junior.

That they are willing to furnish their Bills of Exchange on Amsterdam, in equal Proportions, for all such Vol. 24.

27th May 1742.

Read a Memorial, bearing Date 26th May instant, of the Paymaster of the Forces, transmitting to my Lords Two Proposals of Mr. John Gore, for remitting to Genoa, £. 100,000; which their Lordships are pleased to approve; and are as follows:

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

The Proposal of John Gore.

That he will give his Bills on Messieurs William Boiffier, Bourquet, and Pajteur, and Mehieurs Sadelyn and Le Candell, Bankers of Genoa, for 212,389, Dollars 7 Sols and 8 Deniers, at the following Terms and Price; viz. 112,389 7 8 at 15 Days Sight

100,000 — — at 20 Days Sight.

212,389 7 8 at 56d. { Dollar, is £.50,000, Sterling.

London, 21 April Which is humbly submitted,

1742. John Gore.

Second Proposal.

That he will give his Bills on the same Persons, for 214,285 Dollars 14 Sols and 3 Deniers, at the following Term and Price; viz.

70.000 — —

60.000 -

84,28514 3

214,285 14 3 payable at One Ufance, at £6J. Dollar, is £. 50,000.

But he will give Orders to his said Correspondents to discharge his said Bills as soon as it shall be possible for them to raise Funds for the Payment thereof, which he makes no Doubt will be much sooner than the Payment is limited by his said Bills.

London, 25 May Which is humbly submitted to 1742. your Lord ships,

John Gore.

27th May 1742.

Messieurs Burrell's and Br/stow's Proposal, for Remittances to Minorca and Gibraltar, is read, and agreed to; the Paymaster-General having, by his Memorial of this Day, acquainted my Lords, that the proposed Rates of Exchange are as usual.

Which Proposal is as follows; viz.

That they will give their Bills for 51,000 Dollars, for the Subsistence of his Majesty’s Forces in the Island of Minorca, and at Gibraltar, upon their receiving the Value thereof, at the following Rates; viz.

26.000 Dollars for Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 55 d. per Dollar.

25.000 Dollars for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 54f d. per Dollar.

51.000 Dollars.

London, 26 May Which is humbly submitted to

1742. your Lordships,

Peter Burrell, John Bristow.

10 June 174a.

Read a Letter of Messieurs Muilman and Wilkinson, proposing Remittances for the Forces in Flanders. — My Lords cannot take these Proposals into Confederation, having, already agreed with Mr. John Gore for making the said Remittances.

IT July

SMUb:

Go

170 Februarii. A. 1742.

Remitting

PublicMoicy

Abroad.

27 July 174.4.

Read a Proposal of Mr. John Gore, as follows:

The Proposal of John Gore.

Whereas he is under an Agreement with your Lordships to furnish his Bills on Amsterdam, for the Payment of the British Troops in Flanders, as 10 Gs. 11 St. and f per £. Sterling, and now judging the Exchange is likely to keep up, and may probably be supported, he is now willing to allow 10 Gs. 13 St. Sterling, not doubt-

ing, in case the Rate of Exchange should decline, that your Lordships, upon Application, will give him Relief. I am,

Your Lordships most obedient and most London, 27 July humble Servant,

1742. John Gore.

Read also a Proposal of Mellieurs Gore and Gulston, as follows:

The Proposal of John Gore and C*, and Gulston.

Whereas they are under an Agreement with your Lordships to furnish their Bills on Amsterdam, for the Payment of the Danish and Hejfian Forces in the British Service, at 10 Gs. 11 St. £ per £.Sterling, and they now judg-

ing the Exchange is likely to keep up, and may probably be supported, they are willing to allow 10 13 St.

per£. Sterling, not doubting, in case the Exchange should decline, that your Lordships, upon Application, will give them Relief.

We are your Lordships most obedient London, 27 July and most humble Servants,

1742. John Gore, JoJ'eph Gulston.

And Mr. Gore and Mr. Gulston coming in, and acquainting the Lords, that a Remittance will soon be wanted, their Lordships agree to the aforegoing Proposal of Mr. Gore, and to that above-written, of Mellieurs Gore and Gulston, for the next Remittances.

Mellieurs Burrell and Brijlos Proposal for Remittances to Minorca and is

sir oToUr.er7i». read, and agreed to; the Paymaster-General having, by his Memorial of this Day’s Date, acquainted my Lords, that the proposed Rates of Exchange are as usual.

Which Proposal is as follows:

That they will give their Bills for 52,000 Dollars, for the Subsistence of his Majesty’s Forces in tire Island of Minorca, and at Gibraltar, upon their receiving the Value thereof, at the following Rates;

26.000 Dollars for Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 55 d.per Dollar.

26.000 Dollars for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at

Sight, at 54 d.£ per Dollar.

52,000 Dollars.

London, 27 July, Which is humbly submitted to your

1742. Lordships,

Peter Burrell, John Bristow.

29th July 174a.

Mr. John Gore's Memorial, that he will give his Bills on Italy for £.50,000 is read, and agreed to: Which

Proposal is as follows:

The Proposal of John Gore.

That he will give his Bills on Mellieurs Mo-

ris, and C*. of Turin, payable in Genoa, and on Mef-sieurs William Boiffier, Bourquet, and , and Mellieurs Sadelyn and Le Candell, at Genoa, for 214,285 Dollars

14 Sols 3 Den. at the following Terms and Price:

Ps. 70,000 — ~ on Turin.

?! "I! on Genoa.

72,145 14 3J

Ps. 214,285 14 3 payable at , at 56 Dol-

lar, is £. 50,000.

But he will give Orders to his laid Correspondents Messieurs Monier, Moris, and Company. Messieurs Wil-

liam Boiffier, Bourquet, and PaJUur, and Messieurs Sadelyn and Le Candell, to discharge the said Bills as soon as it shall be possible for them to raise the Funds for the Payment thereof, which, he makes no Doubt, will be much sooner than the Payment is limited by his said Bills. London, 29 July Signed,

174a. John Gore.

12th October 1742.

Read a Memorial of Mr. Pelham, dated 30th September last, transmitting to my Lords, Messieurs Burrell and Bristow's Proposal for furnishing their Bills for the Subsistence of his Majesty’s Forces at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 45th October, to 24th December, 1 742 j

26.000 Dollars, ior Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 55*/. per Dollar.

26.000 Dollars, for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at

Sight, at 54 d.f per Dollar.

52.000 Dollars.----- And Mr. Pelham having certified

the Rates of Exchange to be as usual, my Lords agree thereto.

26th October 1742.

Read a Letter from Pinkney and Henry Mv.il-

man, relating to their supplying the Troops Abroad with Money.

30th November 1742.

Read a Memorial of the Paymaster-General, dated the 26th instant, transmitting to my Lords, Messieurs Burrell and Bristow's Proposal, dated 25th instant, for furnishing their Bills for the Subsistence of the Forces at Minorca and Gibraltar, from 25th December 1742, to 23d of February following; viz.

20.000 Dollars, for Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 55 d.per Dollar.

24.000 Dollars, for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at

Sight, at 54 d. per Dollar.

44,000 Dollars.----- And the said Paymaster-General

having certified the Rates to be as usual, the Lords agree thereto.

5th January 1742-3.

Read a Memorial of the Paymaster of the Forces, for Remittances for the Forces Abroad, with Proposals from Mr. John Gore, for the English Tloops; and from Messieurs John Gore and William for the Hejfian

Troops; and from Joseph Gulston Esquire, for the Hanoverians-, at 10 Gs. 13 St.for the Pound Sterling.

These Proposals are contained in the Paper, marked

(A).

Refer to the Paymaster-General, a Memorial of Mel-sieurs Muilman and Wilkinson, for remitting Money to the Troops Abroad.

nth January 1742-3.

The Lords having taken into their Consideration a Report, dated this Day, and made to them by the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster-Genera] of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, concerning Remittances: Which Report is as follows.

N. B. The Copy of the Report being made, and delivered in to the House, is omitted here----- The Copy

is marked (B).

Their Lordships, on mature Deliberation, as well for the Reasons stated in the said Report, as from the allowed Abilities of the Remitters Correspondents in Holland, and the Contract for the Remittances being for a Time certain, and the Experience they have had of the punctual and effectual manner in which they have been hitherto carried on, and from the great and irretrievable Detriment it would be to the public Service, if any Interruption should happen in the Payment of the Forces, by making any Alteration in the Contract at this time, are of Opinion it will be for the Interest of the Public to accept the Proposals therein mentioned, of Messieurs Gore, Gulf on, and Poyntz.

- C 04-U

tdGEO.lL

17* Febru

4^9

' 45th January 17*42-3.

" Head i Memorial from the Paytnafter of the Forces, dated the 21st infant, transrhitting to my'Lords, Mef-sieurs Burrell and Bristow's Memorial, proposing tofurnish

their Bills for the Subsistence of the Forces in Minorca ind Gibraltar, from the 24th February 1742-3, to the

54th of April 1743; viz.

22.000 Dollars, for Minorca, payable in Gold, at Sight,

at 55</. per Dollar.

25.000 Dollars, for Gibraltar, payable in Gold, at Sight,

-» — ’ at 54^. f per Dbflar.

47,000^ — And the Pay matter-General having certi-' tied the Rates of Exchange to be a£ usual,

my Lords agree thereto.

Report upon a Reference, to inquire into the Propbfal ifcniittinjj

/ . w

Memorial of the Paytnafter-General of his Majesty’s Forces, praying Directions about the Remittances to be made for the Service of the Forces abroad.

May it please your Lordships, llaving ireceived the several Proposals, hereunto annexed, from the jespective Persons hereafter mentioned, for making Remittances, for the Service of the Troops abroad; viz.

The Proposal of Mr. John Gore, for the British Forces . in Flanders.

The Proposal of MelTieurs John Gore and William Poyntz, for the HcJJian Forces in the Pay of Great Britain.

The Proposal of Mr. Joseph , for the Hanover Troops in the Pay of G Britain. And as it will become necessary forthwith to remit Monies abroad, for the Service of the respective Troops ^above-mentioned, I humbly Jay the said Proposals before your Lordships; and pray your Lordships Directions thereupon:

Pay Office, Horse- Which is humbly submitted to ‘Guards, 4th January your Lordships,

’ . 1742-3.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of ‘ his' Majesty’s Treasury.

The Propofaf of John Gore.

That he will give his Bills on , for the Ser-

vice of his Majesty’s British Forces in Flanders, upon receiving the Value thereof, at the same Rate which the -Remittances have been lately made, and agreed to by your Lordships, being 10 G 13 St. current Money of Amsterdam, per Pound Sterling:

London, l&Ja- Which is humbly submitted to your tiuary 1742. ' Lordships,

John Gore.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

The Proposal of John Gore and William Poyntz.

That they will give their Bills on for the

Pay of the Hessian Troops in the Pay of Great Brilaip, upon receiving the Value thereof, at the same Rate which the Remittances have been lately made, and agreed to by your Lordships, being 10 Gs. 13 St. current Money of Amsterdam, per Pound Sterling:

London, ift- Ja- Which is humbly submitted to nuary 1742. your Lordships,

John Gore.

Wtn. Poyntz.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

The Proposal of Jofep GuIston junior. That he will give his Bills on Amsterdam, for the Pay of the Hanover Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, upon receiving the Value thereof, at the same Rate Which the Remittances have been lately made, and agreed to by your Lordships, being 10 Guilders 13 Stivers, current Money of AmJ'terddm, per Pound Sterling:

London, 1 ft Ja- Which is humbly submitted to

tmty 1742. your Lordships,

Joseph GuIston junior.

VOL. 24,

of Messieurs Mailman and Wilkinfpni for remitting Monies for the Forces in Flanders, 0,1

May it please your Lord ships*

In obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference; bearing Date the 5th of this instant January 1742-3, inclosing the Memorial of Messieurs Henry Muilman and Pinckney Wilkinson, offering to make Proposals for remitting the Money necessary for the Payment of the Forces in Flanders, and defining me to inquire into the Matter* and to give my Opinion thereupon:

I have talked with the said Messieurs Muilnian and Wilkinson, and have received their Proposals, whereby they offer to remit all such. Sums as may become necefl&ry for the Service of the Troops abroad, at the Rate of 10 Guilders 16 Stivers, current Money of Amsterdam, for every Pound Sterling: " That as the Exchange between " England and Holland is now at 34*. which* with the Agio, is upwards of 10 Guilders 17 Stivers per " Pound Sterling: The Profit on this Proposal to the " Remitters will be better than Half per Cent, they acknowlege there are some Expences attending this Affair*

" but that as they now deal in Affairs of this kind, with " other People, and find some Profit thereby, they imagine " they shall find a still better Account by supplying,-at " the First hand: They tell me they negociate their Affairs in Holland with Messieurs Muibnan and Sons, and " Messieurs Clifford and Sons, who, as they allege, are " at least equally sufficient with Messieurs Pells and Sons,

" and that they are very certain they can establish a Gre-"dit so as to keep up the Exchange, and carry oh this " Transaction for a Continuance at 10 Guilders 16 Sti-t( vers per Pound Sterling; but this they did agree must

" be supported chiefly by the Means of exporting foreign " Gold, or Specie, to keep up the Course of Exchange,

" as it hath been for above Two Years, last past, but " they intend to remit as much by Bills of Exchange on " Amsterdam, and other Places, to be negociated there, as " the Nature of the Affair will permit.

" That the Government shall be always well furnished " with Money; but if hereafter the Exchange should " alter much to their Disadvantage, upon proper Notice,

>" they hope to be permitted to make other Proposals, as " they are informed hath been the Cale of other Remits u ters.

" That they will answer for their Correspondents supplying, the Public with any large Sums, upion any " Emergency, as securely and efJe&ually as hath betfn " done by the present Remitters; and if the Treasury will " be pleased to make a Trial for One, Two, or Three " Remittances, a Profit will arise to the Public from " thence, worth attending to; but if any other Persons " make Proposals fora fixed time, they are ready todofo " too, but at a different Rate of Exchange from what they " now propose :’’ And being asked, at what Rate? They answered, " They were not at present prepared to say."

I have likewise talked with Mr. Gore, the present Remitter; and, for your Lordships more certain Information, beg Leave to annex hereunto a Paper, delivered by him, signed by himself, Mr. Poyntz, and Mr. GuIston, justifying their Proposals lately laid before your Lordships:

For my better Information I have also consulted with some Gentlemen of undoubted Credit and Reputation, One of which has been formerly greatly experienced in these Affairs, and at present no ways concerned in public Bu-finess, nor desires so to be, and of consequence not at all interested in the present Question: And I find it to be the Opinion of these Gentlemen, That the Proposals of Mr. Gore, Mr. GuIston, and Mr. Poyntz, at the Rate of 10 Guilders 13 Stivers current Money of Holland, considering the great Sums that will be probably remitted this Year, are rather a bold Undertaking than otherwise, and what, in their Opinion, if accepted, will tend to the -Service of the Public.

That the transacting these Affairs at the House of Me£ sieurs Pells and Clifford is a great Security to the Govern-

5 R. ment.

430 if Februar. A. 1742.

Remitting merit, beingfullyfatisfied, Whatever Sums maybe required, The Representation of John Gtrii Jtfeph and

Public Mo- there can be no Danger of a Disappointment, especially Wm. Poyntz, to the Right Honourable Pelham

iiey Abroad. since tj,e chief Transeftion is proposed to be by Mef- Esquire, Paymaster-General of his Majesty’s Forces. ’

sieurs Pells and Sons, whom they have, by Experience, Sir,

found to be both able and willing to serve this Nation. In Obedience to your Commands, we take the Liberty The present Course of Exchange, they ashire me, is to lay before you the Reasons which induced us to fix now 34J. %d. and the Agio 4! per Cent1 which makes our Proposal to the Lords of the Treasury for all the Re* Ten Guilders Seventeen Stivers current Money, and, by mittances of the current Year, at the Rate of 10 Guilders consequence, the gross Profit will be nearly Two per Cent. 13 Stivers, current Money of , per £. Ster-

which they think not more than reasonable, since One- ling.

half per Cent. Commission mud be paid at Amsterdam, In order to do this, with all the Clearness we are capa-and the same Allowance to the Remitter himself, that a ble of, we beg Leave to premise, that the Business of Ex-farther Consideration must be allowed for the Hazard of change is so far analogous to that of Trade, that a large Bills, Fall of Exchange, Brokerage, and contingent Credit or Sum of Money, wanted at any particular Place, Charges, which they think well deserves the Remainder must be considered as a Merchandize, to be purchased at of the £.2. per Cent. that Place, the Price of which must of necessity rife or

The other Offer, at 10 Guilders 16 Stivers, which is fall in proportion to the Demands made or expected on One and a Half per Cent, more to the Advantage of the that Place: Now it is not only foreseen abroad, that the Public, is but Half per Cent. Gross Profit to the Remit- Sums to be remitted-this Year, for the Service of Great ter, though the Transaction must be attended with the like will be much larger than in preceding Years, but

Charges as are above-mentioned; and how these Gentle- it is known, with equal Certainty, that France will want men make their Account they cannot conceive, unless a still larger Credit forfubfifting its Armies, already sent, they flatter themselves with being indulged in the Liberty or hereafter to be sent, to Germany; which joint Cdnfi-of exporting the current Coin of this Kingdom; which, derations cannot fail greatly to affect thefluftuating State they lav, was allowed to Sir Henry Furnefe, upon very of the Agio of Bank Mohey at , with which

urgent Occasions, in the late Wart the current Money of that Place is necessarily to be

That though it may seem reasonable to receive all Pro- purchased.

pofals, that the most advantageous Offers might be ac- We further beg Leave to observe, that whereas, in cepted, yet this Method may be attended with great In- private Transactions between Merchant and Merchant, the ' . convenience, if the Transactions of these Affair? should Sums wanted, and the Times of remitting them, are not

be put into many Hands, since it must necessarily fell previously known to the Owners of Bills, or their Brokers, the Exchange; which Inconvenience was manifest, when ^le contrary is fore to happen in Remittances wanted by the late Lord Oxford was in the Treasury, and Two or the Government, the Times and Sums of which cannot Three of the Remitters becoming Bankrupt, the whole escape the Vigilance and Penetration of those who have Business of remitting was put into One Hand. Bills to di.fpose of, and as they are aware that the public

Upon the Whole: They think it absolutely for the Supplies come gradually into the Exchequer; and for Benefit of the Public to employ a Person or Persons of that Reason cannot be long issued before they are wanted, known Ability and Fortune, and who are fopported by while the Exigency of the Service abroad often requires the most sufficient Correspondents abroad, so that the prompt Payment at and neverless than Iwo-

public Service, at all Events, may be well supplied, and th'rds of the Buis, to be paid at Eight Days Sight: The that a reasonable Profit should be allowed for carrying on Knowledge of these Circumstances is a perpetual Spur to so great an Undertaking. the Owners of Bills, to endeavour to make their Advan-

Upon the Whole: As I have made the best Inquiry I tage of the Market, by falling the Exchange; that is, could, within the time allotted me, I beg Leave to ob- by obliging the Remitters to accept less Money serve to your Lordships, that if Messieurs Muilman and £ Sterling, for any certain Sum of Money, to be paid at Wilkinson can effectually carry on these Remittances at the t The Consequence of this Artifice would be

Rate they propose, the Difference of Three Stivers upon Severely felt by the Government as to make it impoffi-every Pound Sterling, will be a considerable Advantage ble for any Persons of Credit to contract with them, with to the Public, but as they propose to make Trial only for Safety, at an Exchange certain, if such Contradors were . Two or Three Remittances, at the Rate of 10 Guilders not able, by the Confidence reposed m them, by their 16 Stivers per Pound Sterling, without fixing any Conti- Correspondents at Amsterdam (which can only be created nuance of Time, or Certainty of the Sum they will re- bya long Experience of their Punctuality, and not without mil at that Rate, from which Uncertainty the Govern- considerable certain Expence to themselves), to provide ment, as I apprehend, nuy be laid under great Difficul- such a previous Credit there as may save them from the ties, and thereby the public Service may suffer, and as Impositions of the Owners of Bills at home.

Mr. Gore hath assured me, that he, Messieurs Gulfton and We rther beg Leave to add that, towards defeating

Poyntz, look upon themselves as bound by their Propo- this Artifice, and supporting the Exchange for the pub-fals for One Year certain, and in consideration that, for *‘c Seryice, as well as their own Safety, it often becomes . the time past, this Service hath been carried on with great necessary for the Contractors to export to Amsterdam, Exa&ncfs and Punftuality (which is of the greatest Con- elther f;°m London or from directly, large Quan-

sequence to the Public) I submit it to your Lordships tltles of foreign Gold, the Price, the Insurance, and the whether the present Advantage arising by these Proposals Risque, of which, must necessarily rife as the Affairs of will be thought a proper Inducement to your Lordships Europe grow more embroiled, and Navigation exposed to put this Transaction into other Hands, and whether to more numerous Accidents.

any Alteration in this Affair, at this Juncture, may not When, to all these Considerations is added, their taking b 6 attended with great Inconveniencies. 00 themselves the Risque of all such Bills as must be want-

As it is necessary forthwith to make a large Remittance upon negociating so large a Sum, as well as the ordi-for the Service of the Troops abroad: I humbly pray naiT Allowances of Commission here, and in Holland, your Lordships Directions. together with Brokerage, Pottage, and other incident

Which is humbly submitted Charges, they hope it will appear, evidently, that while to your Lordships, their Loss is uncertain, they have contented themselves

H. Pelham. with the Prospect of such a moderate Profit as will abide the ft ride ft Inquiry; and, that an exact Estimate may be made of the urmost they can possibly gain, if in the Course of this Cootrad they should have the good Fortune not to meet with One bad Bill (which by Experience they find is almost impossible to avoid), they take the

Liberty

J4y Office, Horse-Gnanls, n January 1742 3.

16 Geo. II.

Liberty to annex a Calculation of the utmost Profit that can arise to them on the present Foot of the Exchange between London and Amsterdam; which, for Reasons mentioned above, is more likely to fall than rife 5 but, if it was unexpectedly to rife, the Experience of last Year may convince you, Sir, that they will voluntarily offer to allow more current Money of Amsterdam, than they have now proposed, for a Pound Sterling.

Having offered thus much to explain the Equitable-ness of the Proposal submitted to the Lords of the Treasury, the Contractors hope they may be allowed, without Vanity, to value themselves upon the Experience which the Lords of the Treasury have had of their Diligence and Punctuality in the Discharge of this great Trust j as also to observe, that the only Houses they make use of at Amsterdam, are those of Messieurs Andrev) Pells and Sons, and Messieurs George Clifford and Sons, Names of the, mod known and established Credit in the mercantile World; and as our Dependence on them, and the Assurances they have sent us of their Readiness and Zeal to give this Service the Preference to any other that can be offered them, has been our chief Inducement to undertake this important Affair; so we beg Leave to assure you. Sir, that they have let us know their good Opinion of us is so reciprocal, that they will not engage in the Credits necessary to carry on this Service with any other Persons but curselves.

We have only to add, that, having consulted with Persons best versed in the Exchanges, and particularly in that of Holland, they are unanimously of Opinion, that our Proposals are at as high a Rate as can be offered, with any Prospect of Safety to ourselves and the Public. All which is most humbly submitted by,

Sir, your most humble and obedient Servants,

John Gore,

Joseph G ulft on junior, Wm. Poyntz.

£. i Sterling at 34. 8 - - 10 8 Banco.

Agio 4^ per Cent. — 9 5*

10 17 Si

To allow - 10 13 —

Is nearly 2per Cent. Profit - — A Si

From which must be deducted,

Commission in London,

Commission in Amsterdam, \ per Cent*

Hazard of Bills,

Brokerage in London, per Cent.

Postage and Charges.

----- T"-----

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Employ- A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ment of That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,

Troop* That he will be graciously pleased, if it be necessary to

p ’ march an Army, and act in Germany, to order all the Mercenaries in the Pay of Great Britaipt to that Service, in consideration of the great Distance, Charge, and In-conveniency it will be to the British Troops; and that Part of the said British Troops be left in the Low Countries, if any of the Forces we now pay abroad are to remain there; and humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will, in Companion to the Distresses and Poverty of this Nation, ease us of the Burthen and Expence of the Six thousand He/-Jians, if they do not march, or cannot act in the Empire 5 and that if Six thousand Men are wanting in the Low Countries, that they may be supplied from our own numerous (otherwise useless and burthensomej Army at home;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdteforth}

Telfen for tic Noes, j " W"’ } ,85.

- VOL. 24.

43T

So it passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a County Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Elections, the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diyected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- City, &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Pait of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct,. of Returning Officers at such Elections,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ventris, 180 die Februatii 5 Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742

Prayers,

AB I L L to explain and amend an Act, passed in Jt)unchufdi the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Ma- Ro«d. jesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in Dunchurch, to HillmortoHy in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St. James's End, in the Town of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilmer,

Mr. Chester, Mr. Compton, Mr. Thttrfby, Mr. Carew,

Lord Strange, Mr. Curzon, Mr. DundaS, Mr. Blacket,

Mr. Ar. Stewart, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Richard Grenville, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Lord Barrington, Sir W.

Wms. Wynn, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Lifter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Digby, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr.

Pryfe, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Geo. Pitt,

Mr. Thomas Archer, Lord Deerburst, Sir Bot. Chamocke,

Mr. Cotton, Mr. John Fenwick, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Walker, Mr. Scot, Mr. Selwyn, Sit Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Butler, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Perceval, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

White, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Fellmes, Mr. Holmes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Salop, Lancafte♦*, Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Norborne Berkeley presented to the House, accord- Cirencef\er ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Road*, the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called The Monument, upon LandfdoWn: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to make the Hamlet of Btithnal Green, in the Berhrtal Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middle- preen

J'ex, a separate and distinct Parish j and for erecting a Panto# c* Parish Church therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Roger Newdigate, Colonel Bladen, Lord Palmerfion, Lord Lyon, Mr. CareW, Sit Robert Abdy,

Mr. BraJJeyi Mr. Abercrombie, Sir John Chapman, Mr.

Bramftony

17°_ 18° Februariu

a

432; i8a Februarii. 1742.

Bvamfton, Mr. West, Mr. Gdre, Lord Sidney Beautl&k, House, That a Bill is depending for continuing sin Act,

Sir James Grant, Sir Robert Long, Mr. MlLeod Nomand, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Sir John Barnard, Mr. Edwin,. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mt*. Majesty King George the First, for amending the Roads:

" Alderman Heathcote, Mr.' Grant, Sir 'Middleton; Sir from Luton, in' the: County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate,

John Strange, General St. Clair, Sir Thomas DYftrf 'Sir 'in the fkiti County; and for repairing the Roads from*-IVm: Courtenay, Mr. Hooper, Lord Perceval\ Mr. MlKen~ Litton, to St. Alban's, in the County of Hertfordand zie, Mr. (Sundry, Mr Morgan, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. from Bedford to the End* of the Parish of Stagfden, and:

Pitt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Skippen, Mr. Knight, Sir Arthur . to Turvey Bridge, in the iaid-County of Bedford and that,

Forbes, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Brudenell, Dr. by virtue of the laid1 Act, 1 Turnpike was erected so near Butler, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pilsworth, Lord Cavpe?rter, the-Town of Bedford, that the Petitioner? could not come Mr. James Martin, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Nathanael to the said'Town without paying the Toll thereby granted,

Curzon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. IVebfter, Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir although the Petitioners did travel upon little or no Part Roger Twyfden, Mr. Monfbn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Danvers, of the said Road by the said Act directed to be repaired;

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Oxven, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Maule, and that the Petitioners hope to make it appear to the Mr. Lflie, iSir Cordell Firebface, Lord Noel S outer Jet, House, that the said Road from Bedford to the End of Mr. Powney, Mr. Rowfiey, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Lord the Parish of Stagfden, is so good, that the same may be Dupplin, Mr.4 Htiblyn,'Mr. Gngley, Lord Glenorchy, Sir . fufltei’ently amended, and kept in good Repair, by the’

Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cor new all, Mr.1* Laws nmv in being; and in regard the Palling of the said Mellijk, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Dundas, Bill, as;ft ii novir drawn, will be very burthenlbme upon,

Mr. Pltynplre; Lotd Snftdon,' Mr. Tyner, Mr. Kent'-9 arid and expend ve to, the Petitioners, who frequently go from all the Membefs who serve for the County of Middlesex, . Newport Pagnell Hundreds' to the Town of Bedford, for and the City of London: And they:areto meet this Alter- Coals, Deal, Iron, &c.: Praying, that they may be noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. heard, by their Counief, what they have to offer against

passing the fai<J Bril, now depending, into a Law; or that Lawsi«- Mr. Carew presented to the House, according io Or the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Pre-fptrding cfer, a; Bill for amending, and making more effectual, the mises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ga n 5, *c. (jjpor(jer]y persons y and also the Laws for erecting and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill,

providing Houses. of Correction; And the same was re- is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think'

ceived; and read the First time. fit; be heard* by their Counsel, before the said Com-'

Resolved, That the Bill be read’a SecOhd time. mittee, upon their laid Petition.. ‘

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed

Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according to 'Preventing St. Botolph An ingrossfed Bill taenibfe the Parishtortfts.bfcthe Pa- Order; a Bill to continue; an Act, made in the Fifth Year *lrauc, sby without Aid- ri(h of Botolph, without 4ldgate, in the City of London, of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to an ru{u* gate oor. fajpe a ogpjam Sum of Money for Payment of Debts prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts: And already contracted, for the Relief and Maintenance of the same was received; and read the First time, the Poar of the said Parish, was read the.Third tim$. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. ’

"; i J ~ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arpd that the Title. J *-v '

be, An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Mr. IVinford reported from the Committee, to whom Torras\&c. St- Boto/ph, without Aldgate, in the City of jjondon, to the ingrdfed tiill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Nat.

raSfe. a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts,1 for naturalizing Paul Torrds arifl John Godfrey Zurhorst,

aheady contrafted, for the Relief and Maintenance of . was committed. That the Committee had examined the

the , Poqt of the said Parish. \ Allegation's of the Bill," and'fofcfnd the same to be' true;

\ Ordered,’that Mr. Alderman Calvert docarry the Bill' and had conITeTered the Petition of Bernhard Schaffer and fothe Lords, and deft re., their Concurrence. ./ ( Stephen Bourget, to them referred; and had examined the1

‘ V. Allegations therepf, and four^d the fame'tb be true; and

Lot, &c. A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth, thereupon had madeTeveral Amendments to the Bill

Roads. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the\ which the Committee had directed hiTn to feport to (he

tuft/intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the,) House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to West- wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in*at wood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the the Clerk’s Table: Wtrenrthe Amendments were read;

Roads from Litton^ to St, Albans, in the County of Her/- and ate , as folkweth 5 viz.. - '

.fordarifl from Bedford to the of the P^rish of Pr. l. L. j. Leave out " and*; ! '. 1 '

Stagfden; and from Bedford to Turyey Bridge^ in the said L. 7. After " Westphaliaf insert " Bernhard

Cpun'ty of Bedford; was rqiid a Second time.. . " Schaffer; Son of Jacob. Schaffer by lfabella his Wife,

Resolved, That' the Bill be committed to Mr.: Ongley, " born at Hamborough, and Stephen.Boutget, Son of Stef Sir Nathanael. Curzoti, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville> " phen Bourget by Elizabethans Wife, born at Geneva :? ‘

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Powney, Mr.. Phi Hips, Mr., L.. 16. Leave out u and

Hobly^ Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Hooper, Lord Deet\ . L. 17. After " Zurhorst," insert cc Bernhard Uft, Mr. Clietwynd, Mr. West, LoidPerceval,}Axk " Schaffer and Stephen Bourget

Parker, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cornewall, Dr. Butler, Mr. Sel- L. 28. Leave out " and, " and, after <c Zur«

mjh Mt. Vyner, Mr. Wh'tcbcote, Mr. Piers, Sir John " horftf insert u Bernhard Schaffer and Stephen Bour+

... Crojje, Mr. Eazakerley, Mr. Mellifti, Mr. Fenwick, Mr, get-:"

Vere, Mr. IVinford, Mr ..Banks, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Pr, 2. L. 1^. Leave out u and, " and, after ic Zur*.

Mr. Hunger ford. Sir John Barrington, Mr Wright, Mr* " horftf itifert <c Bernhard Schaffer and Stephen Bour

Lifter, Mr. Gray, Mr. Archer, Mr. Prait, Mr. Buchar "get

nan, Mr. Houblon; and all the Members who servejfor k L. 20. Leave out "and:"

the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Berks, Northampton, and L. 21. After " Zurhorftft insert " Bernhard.

Hertford; And they are to meet this Afternoon at. Five " Schaffer and Stephen Bourget."

>; of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , The laid Amendments, being feverafly read a Second

k time, were, upon the Questton severally.put thereupon,

~ Di;:n. ' A Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and ;other agreed to by the House. . v . v

Persons, living in the Hundreds in and near iVfw/>or/P^- '

tie'll, Sn the County of Bucks, whole Names are thereunto The Order of thfo Day. being read, for the House to Supply*

subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; set-, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,(to trng forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this cortfider further of th^S^gply granted to ti$ Majesty;

- - ' ~ Resolved

Supply Bill; Dmies on Victuallers.

Puniflnng Mutiny and Deferuon.

i5 Geo. II.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next*,' resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the federal Rates and Duties upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London ^and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his NJa-jesty to raise a certain Suni of Money for the Service'of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane toot the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being re^d, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to oblige Soldiers having Wives or Children, to discover and give an Account on Oath, before some Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where they are quartered, of the Places of their Iaft legal Settlements.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Housey upon the said Bill.

433

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. r

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committal Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, Tha they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was dlre&ed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved\ That this House will, upon f uefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<z> 21° die Februarti\

Anno i6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Pray irs.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Cambricks,

.....from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended ^.imported*

at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Cambricks have been imported into England for Seven Years 'r distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported, and the respective Duties charged thereon: And also.

An Account of what Lawns have been imported intp England for Seven Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported, and the respective Duties charged thereon. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

18 " — iV’ FeMini.

An ACCOUNT of what Cambricks have been imported into England for Seven Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported, and the respective Duties charged thereon.

>735- 1736- x737* 1738. 1739- 174°. T74I.

P*., P*. P». P\ P\ P\ P\

Flanders - 63«3 42 59,018 £ 60,397! 65,85\ 6l,212 66,1731

Germany - - 9 8 - 5*i 3f 104

Holland - - 3,041 2,1631 4*332i 2,9184 L359 1,196 506

Spain - - - I 2\

Isles Guernsey - - m> m *4 7 6 — — —

— m - - - - i

Totals - - f5> 392 61,215 64,741 68,828 62,577 67,373 65,777*'

N. B. None of these have paid the French Duty.

The respective Duties on Cambricks for each Piece.

Imported from France. Imported from all other Countries.

Old Subsidy by 12 Charles ad Additional Duty by Ditto - New Subsidy by 9 and io William 3d - ’ - One 3d Subsidy by 2 and 3 Anne - New Impost by and 5 William and Mary French Duty, 7 and 8 William 3d - 1 1 1 1 , 1 1. 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 L 1. d. — 1 1044 — I 1044 7*3-5- — 9 4« — 10 — £ sd. — 1 1044 — — 10A — I 10U 744

Totals - - - 1 4 7U - J 3A

N. B. There is, since the above, a new additional Duty of 2s. tod.

a Piece, which did not commence until the ifl Day of Ex. John Oxenford,

August last; which is after this Account ends. A. I. General.

Vol. 24. $ S'

Estimate cf building Ships.

434 21* Februarii. 1742.

An AQCOUNTof what Lawns have been imported into England for Seven Years; distinguishing each Year, and the Countries from whence imported, and the respective Duties charged thereon.

1735- >73*>- r737* 1738. *739- 1740. 1741.

f. P*. P«. P». P*. P'. PS.

t Flanders - - - -Germany -Holland - - - 4.284 12,429 I 4,7 s4 I0,080 10S 4,537 4,698 2>74i 5,3 5 2 3>44i 4,954 2,958 7»3°2 3 3»2®9 10,930

\Totals - - - 16,713 14,865 j 9>343 8,093* 8>395 10,260 14,222

N. B. All these have paid as Silejta.

1 The respective Duties on Lawns for each Piece.

French Lawns. All other Lawns.

Old Subsidy by 12 Charles 2d Additional Duty by D" New Subsidy by 9 and io William 3d One-third Subsidy by 2d and 3d Anne -Impost 1690 -New Impost 169^ - 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 £. s. d. — 1 5tV t~" 7-r-o — 1 5tV _ - — . f 1 4 5zier — 7 — A " 7 6 £. s. d. si* 54- 14-1

Totals - - - — 18 5 -a — 1

Ex. John Oxenford, A. I. General.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

The Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for executing the Ofice of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, for the Year 1743.

And the Title of the said Estimate was reads The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

-0

u

co'

t — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the Buildings, Rebuildlngs, and Repairs of Ships of War at his Majesty's Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear < 8th February 1742. J and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1743; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; signified by Letter of the 9th past, from Thomas Corbett Esquire, their Lord Chips Secretary; viz.

Plpce where.

Deptford -

Woolwich

Chatham

Sheerness -Portsmouth

Plymouth -

Gum.

70

70

80

70

60

90

80

70

60

90

60

60

Sh!ps Names.

In lieu of the Berwick -Hampton Court In lieu of the Yarmouth In lieu of the Captain

Nature of their Repair,

- i.

D° Devonshtre Northumberland

Windsor Prince -Prince George Newark

► Building »

Rebuilding

Edinburgh Nottingham -Ramillies

Sunderland -In lieu of the Tilbury, burnt Canterbury

Exeter -

Building

Rebuilding

Building

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

- In Hand

In Hand In Hand

Large Repair [ - *

- . - - - i In Hand

► Rebuilding - - 1 1. " . 1

Rebuilding - In Hand

► Rebuilding! -

j> Building -

Rebuilding

- i In Hand

- 7 - -

- y In Hand \\

X - - - J

Completed*

July next February 1743 June 1744

May next

April 1744 -

April 1744 -

February 1744

Uncertain

May 1744

February 1*743;

; Uncertain* -

ABSTRACT.

For the Hull of the Ships -

For-Rigging and Stores -

Viz. The Sum of One hundred Thirty-five Thoufapd and Twenty-five Pounds Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth, Thomas Pearfc, John Phillipson, J. Fawler.

i Uncertain -Total

Total -

Estimate of the Charge of their

Hull.

I-

6,709

14,850

4,814

3.31 ir.733

8,06 u

8.000

3.000 8-,oooo'

5.000

10,000

6,768

8.000

8.000

8.000

3.000

3.000

118,254

Il8;254

_JL-,7IL

i35>°25

Rigging and Stoic*.

4,800

1,400

4,064

5.-^4

>»3S3’

>6>77r

TOTAL.

11,509/

16,250-4,814. 7,3 7^ 1 f-7331

8,063'

8;ooO 3 ,000

8.000 3vOco

i5»l24

81151

8>oco

8.000

8.000

3.000

3.000

135/^5-

4

KJ*

16 Geo. II. $i° Februarii.

43 6

2i° Febru

Gape’s

Estate.

A. 1742.

Ordered, That thiffjd Estimate do lie upon the Table, ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their to be perused by the Members of the House. Lordships.

Gloucester

Hoads.

Mr. Norbonte Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in thfe Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hilly being the Roa& to London; and from the Foot of the said

Hill to the Top of Orickley Hilly being the Road to Oxford; was committed, Th^t the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gqhe through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tjo report Jo the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thq Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by onfe; and’, upon the Question fdve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by thfc House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfotfed.

An ingrossed Bill froni the Lords, intituled, An A6i for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape, Esquires,-to make Jointures, Leases, and Provisions for younger Chih-- dren, out of the Estates devised to them, respectively, by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their fete Father, deceased, was read a Secorid time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr;7Tf/?, Mr. Hdublon, Mr. Phillips I Sif Boieler Charhocke, Mr. Hahb'ury, Mr. Spence/, Mr. Brereldn, Sir John Chester, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Jof. Pennington', Mr. Wynne; Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fox, Mr. Carter, Mr. Winning!on. Lord Sidney Bean clerk, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Richard Williams, lilr. Selivyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. White, Mr. Win-ford, Lord Perceval, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Tucker, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.' Archer, Mf. Charles Gore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Whichcote, Mr.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing fames Serces Clerk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomds Drury, Mr. Winford, Mr, Fane, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Mellijli, Mr. Bhnkes, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Breretony Mr. Gray, Mr. Popham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Owen, Mr. Leigh Master, Sir Thomas Wynne, Sir Roger BraHr Jhaifh, Captain Leslie, Mr. Pliimer, Mr. Monfoti, General Sinclairx Mr. Compton, Sir Edmund Thomas, , Mr. Cole-brook, Mr. Cook, Sir Janies Grant, Mr. Barice, Mr. Archer, Mr. War burton. Lord Gage, Lord S. Beauclerk, DiV Butler,. Mr. Chetzvynd, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Carew, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Diindas, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. - Plumptre, Mr Grenville: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clotk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the proper Officer do la!y before this House, Copies of the Letters, or Memorials, of Mr. Wilkinson arid Mr. Mailman, to the Treasury, relating to their remitting of the public Money abroad, in the Months of June and October last, and on the 1 ith of January last

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Serces*

Nat.

Remitting

Public

Monty.

Tellers for tin Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

jup.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Tru(lees, named in the Settlement arid Will of Rcbirt Trefufis Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Robert Cotton Trefufis, to make Leases of Part

TrefuGs*

Estate.

Crawley y Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Laroche y Mr. War burton, of his Estate in the Cotmty of Cornwall, was read a Se-Sir Edward Turner; and all the Members who serve for corid time

Plunkett’s

Estate.

the Counties of Hertford, Lincoln, arid Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of thfc Clotk; in the' Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for vetting the Remainder in Fee of several Lartds in Ireland, the Eftatt of Arthur Plunkett Esquire^ in Trustees, in order to fell, luefcf Lands to Protestant Pui&hafers, was read aijSecofid time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WMning-t

Resolved, Thai trie Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Sir John Hyridt Cottbn, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Alder* man Calvert, Mr. Houblon, Sir Boteler Chernocke, Mr. Packer % Mr ^Hylton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Harris, Sir Henry Northcote, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Mellish',* Mf. Pryfe, Sir Hugh Smithfoh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Prowse; Mr. SehJuytt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Lord Gage, Mr. Hooper, MajoT Selivyn, Sir John Barring toil.

ton, Mr*. Philipps, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wynn, Nfr. Hdnbury, Sir Robert Grosvenor, General Wentworth, Lopd S. Bed* Mr. Fane, Mr. Fox, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hays clerk, Lord Perceval, Sir Thoma) Drury; Lord Hillsborough, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Clive, Mr. White, Sir. Plurhptre, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Winford, . Mr. CheJUr, Mr.

Terras’, &c. Nat.

Mr. Selwyn, Lord Dupplin, McCarter, Mr Jdolebrooke, Lord Perceval, Lord Limerifk, Mr. Archer, Mr. Prowse, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Tucker, Sir James Grant, Ears of Granard, Mr. Winford, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. War-bur ton, Mr. Southwell, Sir Rrafmus Philipps, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hayward, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Frederick f And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Torrai and John Godfrey Zurhorst, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were federally proposed* to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out " and/’ and, at the End of the Title/ . to add <c tmd others

Pley dell, Mr. Banket, Sir Edmund Iffiam; arid alk th£ Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at F}ve of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for raising a certain Slum of Money by Annul;-ties and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743, was’ readTa Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be edmmitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, xxipon Wednesday Mi ing next, rdfolve itself into a Committee of the wl House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted toqua-

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery.

orn*

Whole

' Offices and

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put lify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Employ*®*

thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry thfc Bill to the: Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed! to the ferae, with some Amendments; To which Amend-

*5

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and allb for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; as

/elates

i6 Geo. II. 21 — 22° Februarii.

4?7

relates1 to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill"be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Dune* °a the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 1 u ers. for repeajing the several Rates and Duties upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bi lsof Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year 1743, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; add, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Land Tax Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Commissioning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ers Names. jqoufe5 Dpon the Bill Lr rectifying Miftckes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of th is present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act fe>r granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and forty-three.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Importation Resolved, that this House will, upon Thursday Morning

C^anbrTcks next’ re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, am ric s. tQ conplc]er father of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

City, &c. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Election*, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Roderick Richards, with about an Hundred other Persons, upon the Seventh Day of this instanf February, in a forcible Manner, entered the Estate of Thomas Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House, situate at Daren, in the Parish of Lanbadarnvawr, in the County of Cardigan, and delivered Possession thereof to William Pauly who immediately employed Men to dig there for Lead Ore, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections tb examine the Matter of the said Vol. 24.

Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. ot

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die Februarii;

Anna 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

SI R Miles Stapyllon reported from the Committee, to Rookes' whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Name. An Act to enable Edward Rookes Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant 10 the last Will and Testament of Robert Leeds, late of North Milforthy in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town cirencester of Cirencestery in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called Road. The Monument upon Landjdown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baiburfi,

Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Breretony Captain Leslie, Sir John Brucey Mr. Muir, Mr. Archtr, Mr. Mellifi, Mr.

Gore, Sir Jof Pennington, Dr. Butler, Sir Wm. Carew9 Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hayward,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Onfozv, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Burr ely Sir John Crofe, Mr. Fell owes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Williams, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Phillips, Sir Edmund IJhaniy Mr. Bennet, Brigadier Onflowy Sir James Gratify Mr Moorey Mr. Lifery Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Pryfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Gloucester, Berks, and Oxon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and making more Gloucester effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign Roads, of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being t e Road to London; and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road to Oxford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, being the Road to London; ard from the Fool of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the lioad to Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Norborne Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers WnrfefmiH granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign Roads, of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefmilly in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royftonfxn the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefmilly in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Roy ft on, in the said County.

S T Ordered

43 8

22

Februarii.

A. 1742.

Remitting Duty on Salt Ivft at Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Houblon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Petition of Bryan Blundell of Liver-poole, Merchant, which was presented to the House upon the Eleventh Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Brereton, Sir John Crosse, Mr. West, Mr. Wiilfon, Mr. Hay, Mr Gore, Sir Nat ha-nael Cnrzon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Buncombe, Mr Carter, Mr. "Turner, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Carew, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Francis Dafhvuood, Sir Miles Sta-pylton, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Co^, Mr. Lord Perceval, Kir. Pryfe, Mr.

Williams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Chester and Lancaster; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds &c.

A Bill for amending, and making more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Warminster

Roads.

Borough-

AftonTirrold

Inclol'ure.

Bellamy’s

Name.

Charter-

Holder’s

Mate.

Chadwick’s

Exchange.

Nuneaton

Tythes.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of V/ilts, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act bridge Roads, for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming, and rendering more effectual, certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields and common Downs within the Manor and Parish of Aston Tirrgld, in the County of Berks, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Crayle Bellamy Esquire to take and use the Surname of Crayle, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have pafiVd a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Bath-hampton, being the Eftare of Charles Holder Esquire, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Agreement for the Exchange of Lands for Tythes, made between Evelyn Chadwick Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of West Leake, in the Coutny ot Notting ham, and Granville Wheeler Clerk, Reftorof the Parish Church there: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythes and certain Lands in the Parill) of Nuneaton, belonging to the Impropriator: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, entailed by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, deceased, in Evelyn now Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses, Trulls, and Limitations of the said Will; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Bath-hampton, being the Estate of Charles Holder Esquire, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chadwick’s for making perpetual an Agreement for the Exchange of Exchange. Lands for Tythes, made between Evelyn Chadwick Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of West Leake, in the County of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler Clerk, Rest or of the Parish Church there, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duke of Kingston’s Eifete.

Holder’s

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythes and certain Lands in the Parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the Impropriator, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement of poor Persons;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Cpm-mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or

Nuneaton

Tythes.

Poor Laws relating to Settlements.

house Square to ena^e the Present and future Proprietors and Inha- Clauses, for the more effectually putting in Execution the

Duke of Kingston’i Estate.

bitants of the Houses in Char ter-house Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate for raising Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve, the said Square, and to continue the same in Repair, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, entailed by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, deceased, in Evelyn now Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses, Trulls, and Limitations, of the said Will; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, to the like Uses: To which

Laws relating to the Poor in extra-parochial Places, and also in Places where no Overseers of the Poor are appointed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Recovery of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SmaW ^ebts* upon the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That this House will, upon Monday Morning next

resolve

16 Geo. II. 22° — 130 — 24° Februarii.

439

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be ma^le to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Morning next," and inferring the Words " Two Months*’ instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words "Morn-u ing next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j} 4*.

Tellers for the Noes, j } 6*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words "Two <c Months’* be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question io amended being put,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Punishi'n* The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mutiny and whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Desertion. Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Monson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirected him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

TV/T R- Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Name. A the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Ad to enable Henry Willis Esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his Issue Male and Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

plain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One which was disagreed to, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Annuities the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and Lottery, and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Conviction of whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and transported effectual Conviction of Offenders found at large within Persons the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been at ordered for Transportation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carezv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carezv reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege?,

Sec.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine. of the Clock.

Rookes* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name. enable Edward Rookes Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Robert Leedes, late of North Milforth, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cambricks Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

imported. House, an Account of what Cambricks have been imported into this Kingdom since the First of August last, with the Places from whence they came, and the Duties charged thereon.'

County Mr. CareWy according to Order, reported from the KJe&iani. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex-Vo L. 24,

Jovis, 2 40 die Februarii \

Anno 16° Georgii Ilji Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, Cambricks from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended imported.* at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Cambricks have been imported into the Port of London, from the ift of August 1742, to the lft of February 1744; with the Duties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

24° Februarii. 1742,

An ACCOUNT of what Cambricks have been imported into the Port of London, from the Firflof August 1742, to the First of February 1744; with the Duties paid thereon.

Quantity. Duties before the ift August Duties fmee the ift August. Total of Duties.

From the ift August inclusive, to) the id of February exclusive,) Pieces. 26,2851 £ s. d. 6,950 6 6 £ s- * 3>7a3 *5 7 £. s. d. 10,674 2 I

N. B. None of these paid the French Duty.

N. B. The Out-Ports Accounts are not yet returned 3 so John Oxenford, A. I. General,

that this Account is for London only.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

Land Tax Xhe House being informed, That some of the Com-rrears* missioners for Taxes attended at the Door3

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears regained 3 distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also, An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained 3 distinguislhing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name. to enable Henry Willis Esquire, now called Henry Compton, and his Issue Male and Descendants, to take and ule the Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Conviction of Mr Carew, according to Order, reported from the Com-

transported mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more fowriat easy anc^ esse^ual Conviction of Offenders found at large

large. within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been

ordered for Transportation, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill 3 and which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 3 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fustices of A to empower Justices of the Peace to act in cer-Peace to act, tain Cafes relating to Parfthes and Places, to the Rates though sub- and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable, was je& to Rates. rcac| a SeCond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Nathanael Gu^zon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Archer, Sir John Crojjc, Mr. Digby, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Come-wall, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Carter, Mr. JFazakerley, 2S

Lord Guernsey, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Bridges, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Carew, Mr. Pryfe, Mr.

Grenville, Dr. Butler, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Thomas Cave,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Charlton, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Leathes, Lord Perceval, Mr. Phillips, Lord Gage, Mr. Rowney, Mr. P/umpire, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Winford, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumer,

Major Selwyn, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Robert Williams 3 and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ*

the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford, in the room of the Right Honourable George Henry Lee Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Qtiarendon, now Earl of Litchfield, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the several Rates and Du- Supply Bill; ties upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, with- Duties on in the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Victuallers. Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail 3 and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, to be further charged oh the said Duties for Licences 3 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences tofellfpiri-tuous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail 3 and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from thd Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great Bring-for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields within ton Inclosure. the Parish of Great BHngton, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed tQ the Bill, intituled, An Act, Shdphrifo for repairing the Road leading firtim Marlborough throhgh Shard, fcc. West Kenrtet to Shepherds Shord; and from the Hare and ^oads> Hounds in Beckhampton to the Top of Cheril Hill; and from the Town of Avebury to the Croft-way at Betk-hampton, in the County of Wilts 3 without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to itff- Lord Petre’s power Two of the Trustees named in the Marriage Set-

tlement

16 Geo. II.

24° — a 50 Febfuarii.

tlemen of the late Lord Pelre, deceased, to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other Trustee named in the said Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Metre’s An ingrofiTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EAate. to impower Two of the Trustees named in the Marriage-Settlement of the late Lord Pe/rc, deceased, to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other Trustee named in the said Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Employment A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That °Trooe?n an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, mod: p ‘ humbly to beseech his Majesty, That, in consideration of the great and increasing Load of Debts and Taxes, with which this Nation is burthened, and of the just and necessary War in which it has for some time been engaged with Spain, he will be graciously pleased, in Companion to his Subjects cf these Kingdoms, to lessen the public Expence, by dismissing the mercenary Troops, now in the Pay of Great Britain, in case none of the other Powers of Europe, particularly the States-General of the United Provinces, engaged by Treaties and bound by Interest to support the Queen of Hungary, should think proper to act offensively in Germany, in Concert with his Majesty, in pursuance of those Engagements, conformably to the humble Address and Advice of this House, and of his Majesty's most gracious Approbation of it in the last Session of Parliament, in which the timely Concurrence of other Powers was laid down as the only Means of supporting the House of Aujiria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, j "Jg"' } IJ>.

TeUersfcrtheNoes.

So it passed in the Negative.

l

The other Orders of the Day being read;

°®ces Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-211 ments.°y" ]n& nexL resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing

further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so . much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the , Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, now limited by the said Act.

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon L’uefday Morning

'c next> rcf°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

am nc s. con^er further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

Boor Laws Resolved\ That this House will, upon 7'uefday Morn-

relating to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ettements. J40ufej Upon Bill for amending the Laws relating to; the Settlement of poor Persons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 die j

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

jDunchurch *A/TR. Gompton reported from the Committee, to whom Rbads. LyX the Bilko explain and amend an Act, passed in the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Vol. 24.

repairing the Road from the Dun Cow, in Dunchurch, to . Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from therreeto St, James's End, in the Town of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and hadgorte through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's ?

Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be irfgrofied.

Mr. Nicholas Fenwick reported from the Committee, to Screw* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Nat*

Act for naturalizing James Serces, Clerk, was cornniitted,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the moreeafy and effectual Con- Conviction viction of Offenders found at large within the Kingdom tpaeIj[p°[t-of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Trans- founa at portation, vvas read the Third time. large.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Offenders found at large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportatiort.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of thfr Day, for the House to Land Tax resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Commission-the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Com- er8 Namcl* missioners for the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting am Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;,

The House resolved itself, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. b&'

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, u'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elections in to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections Scotland, of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Botolph to enable the Pariffiioners of the Parish of St, Botolph, ^jJ0Ut without Aldgate, in the City of London, to raise a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parrfli, without any Amendment: And also,

S U The

44 2 25° — '

Glotjcester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads, far continuing and making more effectual an Act, pasted in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hilly being the Road to London, and, from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hilly being the Road to Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

Harlow Bush The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of EJJ'ex, without any Amendment: And also,

Torras’, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Nat. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Torres and John Godfrey Zurhorst: And also,

Fitzherbert’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, Esquire, to make Jointures, during the Life-time of Thomas Fitzherbert Esquire, his Father; and also to grant Annuities to his younger Sons, in such manner as is therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Puniiliing Mr. Monson, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Pc cinon. pUni(hiQg Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the ' Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Privilege., A Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, William Griffith, of Llanrhyddy in the County of Denbigh, Bailiff of the Lordship Court of Ruthin, did, on the 29th Day of November last, by virtue of an Execution, at the Suit of Edward Pugh, and Bridget his Wife, take, in the said County, some of the Goods of John Hughes, a Tenant of Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, a Member of this House, though the said William Griffith was informed, that the said Goods had before been distrained for Arrears of Rent due to the said Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagoty and were then under that Distress; in which Execution Ambrose Lloyd, of Ruthin, was Attorney for the Plaintiffs.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Rf/0iW, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

City, &c. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Eltiriont. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

0 Februarii. A. 1742.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, and making more t#

effectual, the Laws relating to Rfogues, Vagabonds, and Vagabond#, other idle and disorderly Persons, and also the Laws for &c. erecting and providing Houses of Correction.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, anj Lottery, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight, Mr. Lock, Mr. Charlton,

Lord Perceval, Sir John Turner, Mr. Baron, Mr. French,

Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Grant,

Mr. CareWy Mr. Ofbaldejlony Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Powlett.

Sir James Grant, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Felloives; be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland (the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire), in Trustees, in order to fell , such Lands to Protestant Purchasers, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock,

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fitzherbert's for impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, Esquire, £state* to make Jointures, during the Life-time of Thomas Fitz« herbevt Esquire, his Father; and also to grant Annuities to his younger Sons, in such manner as is therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncsy 28° die Februarii;

' Anno 160 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Dunchorcb in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present RoatU Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St. James's End, in the Town of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cozv, in Dunchurch, to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Si. James's End, in the Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, that the ingrossed Bill from Nuneaton the Lords, intituled, An Act forexchanging Part of the Tythe*. Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythes, and certain Lands in the Parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the Impropriator, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by his Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, and gives his Consent, as far as his Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr.- Gybbon, Mr. Thursby, *Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Rozv-ney, Mr. ¥*&> Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Parker, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Westy Mr. Cairew, Mr. Drgby, Sir Thomas Cave, General Wentworth, Mr. Martin, Sir Nicholas Williams* Sir

/ Henry

Plunkett’s

Etiate.

Gape's

fclUte.

Duke «f Xingflan’s Estate.

16 Geo. II. 28* Februarli.

443

Henry Liddell, Mr. Alderman Heatheole, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Jac. Boverie, Mr. Hooper, Lord Stmdon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Vyner, General Wade, Mr. Fane, Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Lambton, Mr* Abercrombie, Mr. Gotv, Mr. Houblon; and all the Members who serve for the County of Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for veiling the Remainder in Fee of fcve* ral Lands in Ireland (the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire,) in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands toPro-testant Purchasers, was committed, That the Committee had examined and found that the (landing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with: And that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the ingreiied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Gape, and Joseph Gape Esquires, to make Jointures, Leases, and Prcvisions fur younger Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively, by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had di-icded him to report to the House; and he read* the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 9. Leave out " Liberties," and insert " Members." .1

The* said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, entailed by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke of Kingston, deceased, in Evelyn now Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, of the said Will, and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charlton, Mr. Plumptre, Nix*.West, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Gore, General Wentworth, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Rennet, Mr. Stanley, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Turner, Dr. Lee, Lord Gage, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walker, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Strode, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Digby, Mr. Monson, Major Compton, Mr. Yorke, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Hugh Smitkfon, Mr. Southzve/l, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Perceval, Sir James Grant, Mr. Duticomb, Lord Strange, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Ongley, , Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Fcjler, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Grant, Mr. Dundas; and all the Members who serve for the

Vol. 24.

Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lofds, intituled, An Act Chadwick'i for making perpetual an Agreement for the Exchange of Exchange. Lands for Tythes, made between Evelyn Chadwick Esquire, Lord of the Manor of West Leake, in the County of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Breretou, General Wentworth, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Vane, Sir Edward Deerivg, Mr.

Best, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mordaunt. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bankes, Sir Roger Tzvifden, Mr.

Wright, Mr. Smith, Dr. Butler, Major Compton, Mr.

Ever field. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Pratt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ben-net, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Wigley, Lord Perceval, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Auindel, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cope, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Williams, Sir Jof. Pennington,

Mr. Bathurst, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Winford, Mr.'

Vyner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Duncombe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham and Leicester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by An- Lottery. nuit;es and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One chou-sand Seven hundred and Forty-three, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee privilege, of Privileges and Elections, That the Matter of the Complaint, made to this House upon the Tenth Day of this mflant February (That Edward Tompkins Esquire, Christopher Bond Esquire, Richard Hawkins, Thomas Hazy-kins, and Thomas Dozvle, did, upon the Third and Fourth Days of this instant February, enter upon a Waste, in the Town of Coif or d, in the County of Ghucefier, the Estate of the Lord Viscount Gage, a Member of this House, and did dig up the Soil thereof, in order to fink a Quarry there, in Breach of the Privilege of this House,) which is appointed to be heard before the said Committee upon Friday next, be heard before the said Committee upon Friday the Eleventh Day of March next.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned County

Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the Ele<fb'om. whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was committed;

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for giving Costs to the Defendant, in case the Plaintiff or Informer

shall

444

a8° Februarii. — 1°

A. 1742.

shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him.

And the said Clause was twice read with a Blank, which was filled up:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. ReJoIvedyThzt this House will, upon Wedtiefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Law*relating Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Va^abwjds resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 9 the Bill for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° dMartii;

That the Petitioner did ship, or cause to be shipped, at Liverpool, 2,500 Bushels of white Salt, on or about the aoth of August 1741, on board the Mary Anne Sloop,

Andrew Creagh Mailer, for Limerick in Ireland; the Duty f

of which Salt was secured by a Bond of Bryan Blundell, 135

Robert Prescott, and Andrew Creagh, dated 15th June 1741, for £.416. 131. j\d.: That the said Ship, in her Passage to Ireland, met with tempestuous and llormy Weather; whereby (as it was proved at the Quarter Sessions at Liverpoole) 964 Bushels One Gallon of the said Salt were loll in the Passage; which is 714 Bushels One Gallon more than is allowed for Walle of all white Salt shipped for Ireland, the Duty or which Salt being £.119. os. $d. is, upon discharging the Bond above-, mentioned, to be paid in Money; and that the Petitioner’s same does not come within the Construction of the Laws in being for the Relief of Persons losing Salt at Sea.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Remainder in Fee of Plunkett’s several Lands in Ireland (*the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Eilalc* Esquire,) in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Pro- I

testant Purchasers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland (the Ellate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire,) i n Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protellant Purchasers;

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sc»ces*

Nat.

Lord Petre’i Estate.

Remitting

Duties on Sal: loft at Sea.

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Janies Serces Clerk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Fenzvickc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Two of the Trustees named in the Marriage-Settle.ment of the late Lord Petre, deceased, to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other Trustee named in the said Settlement, was read a Second time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cor new ally Lord Gage, Lord Limerick, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Gravity Mr. Gore, Sir John Barringtony Mr. Phillips, Mr. Shuttleworthy Mr. Gian-ville, Mr. Breretony Mr Hay, Mr. Robert Williams y Mr. Bankes, Me. Bofcawen, Mr. Boone, Mr. Digby, Mr. Ben* net. Sir John Chef ter, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Richard Williams, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Foley, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Archer, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Nicholas Williams, General Wentworth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Toung, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Carew, Brigadier Onflozv, Mr. Lechmerey Mr. Bristow, Mr. Scot, Mr. Pratt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Sussex, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Bryan Blundell, of Liverpool, Merchant, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to Hate the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioner called Mr. William Davies: Who laid* before the Committee a Report from the Commissioners of the Salt-duties, in consequence of an Order of Reference from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, upon a Petition of the said Bryan Blundell, praying Relief in his Cafe, containing the following Particularsviz.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Holder’* for Sale of the Manor of Balh-hampton, being the Estate Ellate-of Charles Holder Esquire, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Wade,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Onfow, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Archery Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr.'

Torkey Mr. Powney, Mr. Packer, Mr. Phillips, Sir Jof, Pennington, Lord Gage, Mr. N Berkeley, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Chester, Sir John Chester, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wright, Mr.'

Benjamin Bathurst, Mr. Bathwft, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Neale, Mr. Fane, Mr. GrGve, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Edwin, Lord Deerhwft, Mr Hooper, Mr.

Hayward, Dr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Trefu<V the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled., An Act to Eiiarc. enable Trustees, named in the Settlement and Will of Robert Trefufts Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Robert Cotton Trefufs, to make Leases of Part of his Estate, in the County of Cornwall, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply BA; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Annuities railing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lot- and LoUcr)'* tery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by The House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered,

0

16 Geo. II. i° — 2° Martii. 445

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Insolvent An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, Debtor*, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 34. L. 16. After " Boocockto insert u respectively."

L. 17. After <c Prisoners," to insert " respect

tc tively."

L. 32. After " Prisoners," to insert " respect

if tively."

L. 34. After " Prisoners," to insert " respect

#< tively."

L. 37, 38. After " Appearance," to insert tc respectively."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the ^ca&^} 87.

Tellers for the NoeS|^dgf"^a’ } 5«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The L°r^s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on ’ for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on spirituous Licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other Liquor*. Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors; without any Amendment: And also, Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Thomond’s making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Will. Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcaster, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Foreign Gold Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given

or SilverWire to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Thread, &c. Importation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work, made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts; And that the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Alderman Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Laws relating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

to Rogues, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Vagabonds, tke gjj for amending, and making more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a feled Committee.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly, of Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gybbony Sir John Rushout, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Glenor-chy, Mr. Pratt, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Owen, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Noel, Mr. Butler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Torke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Coplefton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Carter, Lord Verney, Sir Nicholas Williams,

Sir Thomas Carew, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bennet, Sir John Chester, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Gray, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Vol. 24.

Mr. Alderman Heathcote\ and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Land Tax the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for commission-rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners eM amCff for the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Offices and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have n *' omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of foreign House, to consider further of the Importation and Wear- Camt, ricks. ing of foreign Cambricks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Poor Laws ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to

House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to cmen s* the Settlement of poor Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry ThomondV late Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcaster, Evidence WlH* in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Martii j

Anno i6° Georgii II41 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

R. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Luton, &c. the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Thir- Road*, teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood-Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, and from Bedford to the End of the Parish of Stags den, and from Bedford to Turvey-bridge, in the said County of Bedford, was committed, and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in the Hundreds, in and near Newport-Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are there-

5 X unto

446

Mar

A. 1743.

unto subscribed, was referred, T^t ti\e Committee had considered the said Petition; ^nd h^d examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same so be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Jdause; and he rea^ (the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliyefed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Secqnd time, qne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were, (except One, which was disagreed to), agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Elvington

Inclowrc.

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, &c.

Fitaberbert's

Estate*

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and making more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for apprehending and punching Persons who shall hawk or vend un-stampt Newspapers.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Thomas Fitzherbert the youpger, Esquire, to make Jointures, during the Life-time of Thomas Fitzherbert Esquire, his Father, and also to grant Annuities to his younger Sons, in such Manner as is therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phillips, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Houb-ton, Mr. Muir, Mf. Fenwicke, Mr. Godqlphin, Mr. Gil-dart, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Carew, Lqnd Sfrqnge, Lord Geo. Graham, Lord ffere Beauclerk, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Rowell, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Mellish, Mr. John Pitt, Dr. Butler, Mr. Pratt, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Digby, Mr. IVinford, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, Mr. Cope, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Jenyns, Mj. Martin, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Popham, Mr. Montague, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Nicholas Fenwicke’, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Warwick, Stafford, Salop, Flint, and Denbigh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Foreign Gold The Lord Dupplin prefipted to the Hpufe, according or'Silv^rWire to Order, a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Thread, &c. Importation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work, made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts: And the same was re<-ceivedj and read the Eirft'time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at Wax do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common or Moor, called.

Elvington Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Elvington, in the County of York: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act;, Wades Mill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, Roads, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Funishing An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny and and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-Desertion. ters, was read t^e Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. L. 16. After the Word " the," and before " Justices," toinfert <c next Justice or."

L. 17. To leave out " next," and, in the same Line, after " Riding," to insert " or."

L. 17, 18. To leave out " Liberty, or Pre-

" cinft."

L. 20. To leave out u next."

L. 21. To leave out " Liberty," and insert " or;" and, in the same Line, to leave out " or Pre-u cinft."

Ai>d the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the BUI was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion^ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Bethnal whom the Bill to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in Green the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepneyin the County of Mid- Par>lb,&c. dlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish, Church therein, was, committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Ordinary, the Patrons, and Portionifts, of the said' Rectory, and also the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, and the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, who were assembled. at aVeftry, held for the said Hamlet, pursuant to public Notice, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmentspin at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were (except One, which was disagreed to), with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend County the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire, Elections, to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be read the Third time, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the H6ufe Supply, to resolve itself into a - Committee of the whole ’ Hdufe^ to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of hiss Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate^of the Charge thereof, for- the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay, in Great Britain, and' who were married to them before the 25th of December with an Estimate of the Charge^ thereof;* for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.. Orderedi That the Account of extraordinary Services1 of his Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred Anno 1742! not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee. ' /

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Trim port Service, for the Year 1742, be referred to the faich Committee.

Ordered,

Ways and Mean*.

Land Tax Commttfion-eis Names.

Suffolk

Writ.

Regi fieri ng of Wool.

16 GeO. II. 2° — 3tt

Ordered, That the Accohht of thefex^ence of victual-irtg his Majesty s Lahd Forces, between the ill Day of Jatiudry 1741, and the 31st 6F December 1742, be referred to the said Committee.

Theft the House resolved itself iiifcb the faici Committee.

Mr. Speaker left IHe Chair.

Mr. Frdrfcis Fhne took the Cliair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rfefumed the Chair.’

Mr. Francis Fhne reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of V^ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Comrtiissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1742; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1743; was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 30 die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

/J RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ilfuehis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Jermyn Davers Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Manufacturers, considerable Tradesmen, Freeholders, and other Persons, in the Soak of Grantham, and Parts adjacent, in the Colinty of Lintoln, who are greatly interested and concerned in the several Articles of Wool, Hides, Leather, &c. (as thereinafter-mentioned) was prefen ted to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, at the same time that the Petitioners are burthened with a heavy Land Tax, and many other Taxes, they lie under very great and particular Dilfcouragements besides, from the low Price of Wool, and the precarious Stale of feeding Stock, now for many Yfears past, occasioned chiefty, as the Petitioners apprehend, by an Act of Charles the Second; prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle, which, as Sir William Temple then foretold it would, has, as the Petitioners conceive, since been the Cause of turning a considerable Part of the Trade of Ireland into a wrong Channel, to the further Detriment of Englatidin its Produce and Trade, not only in’ the Articles of Hides, Leather, Tallow, Butter, &c. but the total Loss of our Beef-trade abroad, and (which is still worse), by occasioning a vast Increase of the Breed of Shebp in that'Kingdom, has greatly contributed to the Increase of that'pernicious Practice of running Wool from therice to France, and other foreign Parts, to the inexpressiblb Damage of the Petitioners and of the whole Kingdom: And therefore pitying, by way of Remedy and Prevention for the future, tjiat a Bill may pass to permit the Importation of Irish Cattle, upon Conditions of Advantage and Security to the Wool-Vol-. 24.

Martii. 447

lqn + fade of Great Britain, or such other Relief as to the House ftalijeem meet; and further representing to the House, that It is at present doubtful(considering the present State of oprTrade, Agriculture, and other Manufactu/es), wHatrfurther Mrafures would prove, most salutary to our Woollen Trade, by rqafon of the Uncertainty of the Proportion of $e Quantity of our own Wool, to the Number of our Hands for manufacturing the fame, together with Scotchylrifh7 and Spanish Wool also: And that if the former should exceed the latter to any great Degree (the' illicit Exportation of Wgol being flopped, as in all Reason it ought to be), the Grower already depressed for many Years, would, in that Cafe, be hurt beyond all Conception; and therefore further praying, as one sure Point to proceed upon, and to the end this great Affair may the sooner receive its due Regulation; that a Bill may pass for registering, from the Grower and the Felt-monger, the whole Crop of Wool in Great Britain, or in England and Wales only, for One Year, or such other Relief as to the House shall fqem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Bathurst reported from the Committee, to Cirencester whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Road. Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called the Monument, upon Lanfdowu, was committed.

That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’$ Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elvington for inclosing and dividing the Common or Moor called Indolurc. Elvington Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Elvington, in the County of York, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by' Mr. Rennet and Mr. Edwardf;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year^ of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the ' Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch to Hillmorten, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to St. James's End, in tie Town of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of William Gore Esquire, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, for Payment of his Debts arid Legacies, and for rendering a Power, contained in his Will, more effectua!: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:' And also,

The Lord? have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Elwicf Esquire, the sole Property of an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for that Purpose: Tp which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Dunchurch

Roads.

Gore’s

Estate.

Elwick’s Patent Stone Pipes.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Remitting House, Copies of the Minutes of the Treasury, contain- Money ing all Contrafts or Agreements made with Sir Henry a roa Furnefe, from the ill of January 1703, for the remitting of Money abroad, during the War.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee

3° Mar tit.

A. 174a.

mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers presented. to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Bethnal A Petition of the several Persons, who fe Names are

Green thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Leaseholders, and

Parife, Occupiers of Land, in the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the

Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middle-Jexy and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of St. Dunjtatty Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish-Church therein, will (as the Petitioners apprehend) prove extremely burthensome to the Petitioners, by laying upon them such weighty Taxes as will be unable to be paid, or borne by the Petitioners, should the same pass into a Law; and setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet consist chiefly of Journeymen Weavers, and other inferior Artificers, belonging to the Weaving Trade, who, by hard Labour and Industry can scarcely, in the moll frugal Way of Life, maintain themselves and Families; and as such Journeymen Weavers, and other Artificers, and their Families, are extremely numerous, so a great Number of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, consist likewise of Bakers, Butchers, Victuallers, Chandlers, and such-like Trades and Occupations, whorefide in the said Hamlet, and who, by their industrious Way of Life in their respective Trades and Callings, maintain themselves and Families, in supplying such Journeymen Weavers, and other Artificers, and their Families, and Dependants, with the Necessaries of Life, and that by far the greatest Part of the Houses in the said Hamlet are lett at Ten Pounds per Annum, and under; and are mostly lett out by the Owners of such Houses, in Two or Three distinct Parts or Tenements, by reason of the great Poverty of the Inhabitants, who are unable to take a whole House upon themselves, and the chief Part of the parochial Taxes for such Houses is now paid or allowed by the Landlords thereof, otherwise few Tenants could be found to inhabit therein, which is a sensible Hardship to such Landlords; and that several of the Petitioners, who are Artificers in Building, have very lately taken long Leases of a great Number of Houses within the said Hamlet, at certain yearly Rents, and have laid out upon such Houses, very large Sums of Money, in order to make the same tenantable; so that the Taxes and Assessments intended to be made payable by the said Bill, will prove extremely burthensome to, and fall wholly upon, such of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners would be very glad that the want of a Place for the public Worshipof Alfiiighty God, within the said Hamlet, could be supplied, Was the said Hamlet capable of bearing the Taxes and Assessments intended for the Supply of such Want; but, to the Peti-. tioners great Concern, the said Hamlet is incapable of bearing such Taxes and* Assessments, as they hope to make appear, to the Satisfaction of the House: And therefore praying the House, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Francis Fane> according to Order, reported from y* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth \ viz.

Resolved, 1. That it is the Opinion of this Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand One hundred Thirty-seven Pounds and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1743.

Resolved* 2. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Eighteen Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces-and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain (and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716), for the Year 1743.

Resolved, 3. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Four hundred Thirty-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying extraordinary Expences and Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred Anno 1742, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved\ 4. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-three Thousand Eight hundred Seventy-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Freight of Transports, between 1 ^January 1741, and 31st December 1742.

Resolved, 5. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand and Seventy-five Pounds Nine Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the ift Day of January 1741, and the 31st of December 1742.

Resolved, 6. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Sum, not exceeding-Twelve thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Me* for the Yeat.^r. Alfa, , j6.

Telta for the Noet,{ } 6o'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lan(j Tax Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Commission. whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes ers’Names* in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Yvear One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration: And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest, with several Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered*

1j6 Geo. II. 3"- — 4* Martii.

449

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to of foreign resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Cambricks. tonfider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks, be now tead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leaVfc the Chair;

The House divided. . > s

The Yeas went forth.

] js.

; j 39.

So it pasted in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

j

The other Orders of t)ie Day being read 5 Offices and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Employment* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty^fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, now limited by the said Act.

Poor Laws Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-^itlaiingto ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tenement*. House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement of poor Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. MelHJh have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Gere’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for Sale Qf tke settled Estates of William Gore Esquire, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and for rendering a Power, contained in his Will, more effectual \ was fead the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Mflrtii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Foreign A BILL for the more effectually preventing the

Gold or XjL portation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, TluScMfex J-ace» Fringe, or other Work, made of Gold or Silver ' c' Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved%That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

‘ Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

' Eldet

Mr. Speaker,

Marquis of The Lords haYe passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Halifax’* confirming and establishing a Partition, made between Eftite. the Coheirs' of the late Marquis of Halifax, of divers Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

VOL. 24.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elwick’s for Veiling in John Elwick Esquire, the sole Property of Patent an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to enlarge the Stone Pipes. Terra granted by Letters Patent, for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossfed foil from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marquis of fof confirming artd establishing a Partition, made between Halifax’s the Coheirs of the late Marquis of Halifax, of divers Efbtc. Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed; Was Head the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act frefiifis’ to enable Tru frees, named in the Settlement and Will Eitete. of Robert Trfufis Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of his Son Robert Cotton Trefufis, to make Leases of Part of his Estate in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carrw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed 4

to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Supply Bill; by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mention- Annuities ed, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743, Lottery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of One Million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tapifts Deeds allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills *nd Wills. made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees, and Lessees: And that Mr. Phillips, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Robert Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Mkes of whom the Bill to impower Justices of the Peace to act in certain Cafes relating to Parishes and Places, to the Rates je^f0 Rats, and Taxes of which they are rated, or chargeable, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the [Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill (which is ordered to be ingrafted) Bethnal to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of p9!!*e,l St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a fepa- an c* rate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein; be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, County That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Eleaioas. ingrafted Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

5 Y Tellers

4 — 70

Ay 1742.

Importation of foreign Cam bricks.

Tilers t<*the Yeas,; } 7®*

TeHeft for the Noes,j^r^ Iydde}II4<

So i( passed in the Negative.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

and Means, p rqColye, itself into a Committee of the whole House,

r,to.consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

i , Supply granted- to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly; i

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mi* Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

/ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutiods; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday. Morning next. i

1 , ! ,

County i , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Elections. Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to m . few in Parliaments for thati Partlof'Great Britain.QdWed , England', and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the 1-: — ' Conduct, of R^tujrming-Officers at such Electionsi, be now read.:

And the said Order being read accordingly i Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House* to fconsider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Caul bricks.

Mr. Speaker, fest the Chair- Mr. Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mn Speaker resumed the Chair.4 i 7 Mr. Philipps reported frdm the Committee, That they had ?cotne to a Resolution; which they had directed -hirmtolffcport, when the House will please to receive the;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

' »>' i

:; The? pt her Order of the[Day befog read; *

‘Resolved, That this House. will, upon this Day Seven-; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within l. that Part of Great Britain called England; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, >of Rettirning-Oflkersat such Elections.,

Committees, Ordered, That air Committees be revived.

And schen;: the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

7* die Martii',

Anno i6# Georgii II41 Regis, 1742.

PRAms. 11....

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Jt\. Thirteenth' Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 'KxngGeor^e the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repainng the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wefwood Gate in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the ' County of Hertford, and from Bedford to the End of the Paritfi of Stagsden, and from Bedford to Purvey Bridge, in the said County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

24

Sledtions.

Luton, &c '; tfoadj,

Nuneaton

Tythes.

Elvington

Inclosure.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. if. After c‘ continued " to insert " who."

And the feme was, upqp the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firff, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roajds from Luton in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gats in the said County, and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythes, and certain Lands, in the Parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the Impropriator, was committed. That the Committee had . examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their, Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common or Moor called Elvington-Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Elvington, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Carew, Mr. Archer, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore,> Mr. Mellish, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fenwtcke, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Pratt, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pbwney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Foley, Lord Strange, Mr. Godolphin, Sir IV. Wms.Wyntt, Mr. Which-cote, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Masters, Mr. Grenville, Ms. Wentworth, Mr. Geo. Fox, Sir Thomas Lifer, Mr. OJbaideflon, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cope, Mr. Cor new all; and all the Members who lerve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill "from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Sturton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, entailed by the Will of Evelyn, late Duke of Kingston, deceased, ir* Evelyn, now Duke of Kingston, in Fee Simple* discharged of the tJfes, Trusts, and Limitations, of the said Will, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, to the like Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry Thomond'i late Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcafer, Evidence Will, in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Sir Edward Thomas, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Periam, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Watson, Lord Doneraile, Mr. Nugent, Lord

Deerhurst,

Duke of Kingston’i Estate.

Remitting

Money

abroad.

16 Geo. II. 7' Martii.

45

Deerhurst, Mr. Archer% Sir John Rushout, Major Selwyn, Mr. Digby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. &?«/, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir 7^/. Pennington, Mr. Grant, Mr. Martip, Sir Grn«/, Mr. M//-//jpr, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of Minutes of the Treasury, containing all Cootrads or Agreements, made with Sir HFurneje, from the iftof January 1703, for the Remitting of Monies abroad during the War. And the Title of the said Copies was read.

The said Copies are as followeth; viz.

COPIES of Minutes of the Treasury, containing all Contracts or Agreements, made with Sir Henry Furneje, from the First of January 1703, for the Remitting of Money abroad during the War.

1 ith January 1703.

Sir Henry Furneje will remit the Money recessary for the Forces in the Low Countries, as long as my Lord pleases, and run the Risque of the Bills for 12Jh. and 6 d. per Cent. for Commission, Brokerage, and Risque of the Bills; and if my Lord finds the Exchange, by this means, comes forth more to the Advantage of the Public, than the Remittances were last Year, for the same time, his Lordship will add 2Jh. and Sd. mortper Cent.

17th March 1703.

The humble Proposal of Sir Henry Furneje: That he will remit, for her Majesty’s Service, £. 50,000 to be paid to his Royal Highness the Duke of Savoy, in 'Turin, as follows; £. 25,000 at 15 Days Sight,£. 25,000 at 30 Days Sight, at 55^*/. Pence, for 8ijk. 2-3CIS Piedmont Money.

£. 100,000 to Amsterdam, are opened; and my Lord finding those of Sir Stephen Evance and Partners, and Sir Henry Furneje, are most for the Advantage of the Public, is pleased to agree, that the said Sir Stephen Evance and Partners, and the said Sir Henry Furneje, do remit the same by Moieties: Their Proposals were in the Words following; viz. 1 1

To the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England.

May it please your Lordship, -

We humbly propose to furnish our Bills for Holland, for £. 100,000; viz.

For £. 50,000 payable at 40 Days Date, at 1 o Guilders 7 Stivers.

For£. 50,000 payable at 60 Days Date, at 10 Guilders 8 Stivers.

Your Lord ships most humble Servants, Ste. Evance, Theod. JanJfen, Nich. Santini.

To the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England.

The humble Proposal of Sir Htory Furneje:

That he will remit to Amsterdam, for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces; viz.

£ t

50.000 at 40 Days Date, at 10 Guilders 7 Stivers.

50.000 at 60 Days Date, at 10 Guilders 8 Stivers. London, the a 1 ft No-

vember 1704. Hen. Furneje.

Mr. Pauncejort presents a Memorial, signed by Mr. Fox, dated the 5th Instant, representingitasneceflary, that Pro-vision be made for Subsistence and Pay to £. s. d the 40,000 Men, to 23d January next, 59,215 8 7t

And for the like to 10,000 additional

Men, to the same time - - - 11,396 19 8}

70,612 8 3}

28 th March 1704.

My Lord opens and contiders the Proposals of Sir Stephen Evance and Partners, Mr. Tourton and Partners, and of Sir Henry Furneje, for remitting £. 100,000 to Amsterdam, and approves that of Sir Hen. Furneje, being apparently the best, viz. £. 20,000 at Sight, at 10 Gs. 10 St . £. 40,000 at 30 Days Sight, at ioGj. i i St. £. 40,000 at 60 Days Sight, at 10 Gs. 12 St.

nih May.

*' The humble Proposal of Sir Henry Furneje: That he will remit, for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces fn Portugal, £. 100,coo at the following Price and Time, for ready Money; viz. £. 50,000 at Sight, £. 50,000 at 30 Days, at 6 s. 3 { d. per Mill Ree.

30th May.

The humble Proposal of Sir Henry Furneje: That he will remit to Mr. Sweet, in Amfierdhm, for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces, £. 50,000 at 30 Days, at 10 Gs* 10St. £.50,000 at 60 Days, at 10 Gs. ioSt.% after Date, or by Commission, in ‘ Bank-Money, which he presumes is most advantageous for the Public, now the Forces are in Germany.

‘ ' 31st July.

The humble Proposal of Sir Henry Furneje: That he will remit to Amsterdam, for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces, £. 100,00o, to wit; 4-at 3° Days after

Date, $ at 60 Days after Date, at 10 Gs. 6 St. -

Memorandum, This£. 100,000 divided between Sir Henry Furneje and Sir Stephen^ Evance, equally.

8 th September 1704.

On one Proposal of Sir Henry Furneje, and on another of Mr. Tourton and Partners, either offering to remit to Amsterdam £. 20,000 at 40 Days Date, and£. 80,000 at 60 Days, at 1 o Gs. 9 St. current Money; my Lord agrees thereto, to be done by Mqities.

6th December.

Sir Stephen Evance and Partners, Sir Henry Furneje, and Mr. Tourton, called in: Their Proposals for remitting Vox.. 24.

It is agreed, that if the Remitters will give their Bill* for the fame, or Part thereof, on Friday Dext, they shall be paid for the Value of their said Bills, as soon as the Land Tax is patted.

13th February.

It is this Day agreed by Sir Henry Furnefe, with my Lord Treasurer, on h£r Majesty’s Behalf, that he the said Sir Henry Furnefe will, for Six Months, to be reckoned from this Day, remit, and cause to be remitted, to Amsterdam, all the Monies :necessary for the Service of her Majesty’s Forces in the Low Countries and Germany, or for any other Services of her Majesty, for which (he shall. have Occasion to remit Monies to Amsterdam, within the Time aforesaid, and will also remit, and cause to be remitted, to Lisbon, all the Monies which her Majesty’s Service shall require in Portugal, during the said Six Months; all which Remittances shall, from time to time, during the Term aforesaid, be made as often as ready Money shall be directed by his Lordship for the same; and that all the said Remittances shall be made, from time to time, for the best Advantage and Profit of her Majesty; and that he the said Sir Henry Furneje shall, weekly and every Week, during the Time aforesaid, give to his Lordship, or such as he shall appoint, in Writing, a true particular and exact Account of the Value and real Cost of all the Bills, of the said Remittances, whether drawn from hence, or from either of the said Places; the Bills to be drawn from hence, to be delivered to the Paymaster of her Majesty’s Forces in Lotidon or Westminster, '"mi the Value of the Bills drawn from abroad, to be paid to therespective Deputies of the said Pay master there; and that he the said Sir Henry will endorse all the Bills aforesaid, to be delivered to the Pay-masterhere, and assure the Payment thereof; and for the Risque of all the said Bills, to be drawn from hence, and for Commission, Brokerage, and other Charges of ali the said Bills, as well those drawn from hence as those from abroad, his JJordffiip, on her Majesty’s behalf, is pkafed to allow to the said Sir Henry Eleven Shillings, for every

£ ioo

Remitting

Money

broad.

45

£.100 and to pay for the said Remittances on the Delivery of the Bills, and to make pun£tual Payment of all the said Bills as shall be drawn from abroad, upon due Notice thereof.

H. Furnefe.

2d April 1705.

Sir Henry Furnefe offers to take Tallies on the Land Tax, pro Amo 1705, for the Remittances he is obliged to make, as often as ready Money shall be directed for the feme, for an Allowance of a Month’s Interest, after the Rate of £.5 per Cent, per Anover and above the

runping Interest of $ per Cent, per Annum, to be assigned him on the Orders, from the Days only on which he gives his Bills. — My Lord agrees to this Proposal.

11 July 1705.

Sir Henry Furnefe is to lend £. 9,000 on the Tin, after the Sum already lent; and out of it he is to be paid £.4,500 to complete £. 12,500 for 50,000 Crowns by him remitted to HambrS for the King of Denmark.

22d August.

Sir Henry Furnefe will accept from the Victuallers,

£. 9,coo in Land Tax Tallies and Orders (so as they be under £. 1,820,000) in satisfaction of Bills of Exchange drawn from UJbon for the Victualling. — My Lord rc-solves in case thele Tallies and Orders prove deficient they shall be made good out of some other Fund,

27th.

My Lord agrees with Sir H. Furnefe to remit the Mo* ney to Holland, upon the Foot, of his last Contract, for Six Months longer, from the Expiration of his former Contract, which was on the 13th Instant: My Lord agrees that if Sir Henry Furnefe will give his Bills for 50,000 Dollars to be remitted to Hambro, at the Rate of 5 Jh. a Dollar (as he avers the Exchange thither is at this time), to be paid over to the King of Denmark, to complete the Satisfaction of 100,000 Dollars for Arrears of Subsidy, due to that King before Christmas 1704, he shall be paid the £. 12,500 for the fame, out of Loans to be made by himself, or any others, after this Day, on Credit of the Tin, as fad as the same can be lent thereon, with regard to the Directions lately given, that the said Loans shall not at any one time exceed £. 100,000; and the said £.12,500 shall be issued to Mr. Fox, on the proper Order, and paid over to the said Sir Henry accordingly.

19th September.

Sir Henry Furnefe comes in, and acquaints my Lord, that the Exchange for Holland is at present very high;

and if his Lordfiiip will now order the ^»r»"on Um'uay?P" Money, which, by the Minutes of the iath Instant, is to be provided the first Week in OEl.ber, he believes it will save Half per Cent. — My Lord orders £ 30,000 in Part thereof, to be forthwith issued to Mr. Bridges, out of Contribution-money in the Exchequer for Annuities.

30 th November.

The humble Proposal of Sir Henry Furnefe: That he will remit for the Service of the King of Spain, the Value of £. 40,000 to be paid to his Excellency John Methwyn Esquire, in weighty Pieces of Eight, and for paying and procuring the fame, to receive hereafter the Rate of 55 perPs. 8.

London, Hen. Furnefe.

29 November 1705.

My Lord agrees to this Proposal, with this Difference only, that instead of paying the Money to Mr. Methwyn, it to be paid to the Order of James Bridges Esquire.

4th February 1705.

Sir Henry Furnefe proposes to furnish a Quantity of Ps. 8. Pillar apd Mexico, to the Value of £.31,000* viz. Half to be paid here, the other Half to be delivered at Ufbon, all in weighty Ps. 8. Pillar and Mexico, the whole at 59 d.perPs. 8. and to receive for the same Tal*

A. 1742.

lies and Orders for £. 2,odd a Tear, on the Annuities for 99 Years.

H. Furnefe.

My Lord agrees to this Proposal, at 58 per Ps. 8. and Sir H. Furnefe to have Interest from the Time he delivers the Money, to the Day on which the Annuity A palfes.

nth May 1706.

Sir Hen. Furnefe called in: He presents a Memorial, dated the 10th Instant, that, pursuant to a Minute of 31 ft July 1704, he provided for the Use of her Majesty’s Forces in Portugal, which were delivered to the Earl of Gahvay,

3.000 Pair of Shoes,

3.000 Pair of Stockings,

3.000 Shirts,

3.000 Neckcloths.

Prays Payment of the said £. 1,425. — My Lord orders that Mr. Cartwright do make a Memorial for the same as soon as any Account is produced from my Lord Galway, or the Commissary of the Provisions in Portugal, that the same have been received into her Majesty’s Stores for the Use of her Forces there; and Mr. Mortice to have Notice thereof, to the end due Care may be taken for deducing the Value, according to the said Account, from the Regiments who shall receive the said froall Clothing.

A Draught of a new Contract with Sir Henry Furnefe, for the Remittances to Holland, to be drawn with a Blank for his Allowance for Commission and Risque of Bills.

ad July 1706.

Mr. Cartwright's Memorial is read.

Ordered, That there be issued to Mr. , on the

Order in his Name, for Extraordinaries of the War, not particularly provided for in the last Sessions of Parliament, the Sum of£. 10,161. 16 s.8 in satisfaction for foreign Money, provided by Sir H. Furnefe, to be sent with the Earl Rivers, for the Service of the Forces under his Command in the intended Expedition, viz. to be paid over to Sir H. Furnefe.

£. s. d.

For 4,500 d.Pistoles, at 17 6 each 3,937 10 —

For 4,000 d. Ounces of French Crowns,

at 5 s.7 d. per Ounce - 1,125 — —

For 18,000 Ounces of Ps. of 8. at 5 7

per Ounce ----- 5,043 15 — To Sir Henry Furnefe, (of his own Commission at 1 1 Jh. per Cent. - - 55 n 8

£. 10,161 16 8

23d July 1706.

Sir Henry Furnefe called in: My Lord (ays there is Occasion to make some Remittances to Portugal, as well for the King of Portugal1 s Subsidy as for Subsistence of the Forces there, on the English Establishment; and that he would give his Bills so as to be sent away by this Night’s Mail: He (ays he will go to Mr. Bridges's Office, and give them immediately, in the cheapest manner he can, for the public Service, and leave an Account thereof at the Treasury.

Sir Henry Furnefe's Account of Bills, delivered this Day for Portugal viz.

London, 23d July 1706.

Delivered this Day to Captain Cartwright Three Bills on LiJbon, for the King of Portugal's Subsidy 83,333

Mil. 333 Rs. at 30 Days Sight, at 6s. £.25,000 for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces viz.

43»6364 P. 8-8, at 10 Days Sight- 7 ,

61,0904 P. 8-8, at 20 Days Sight — - 3

Signed,

Furnefe.

Sir

70 Martii.

at 9 jh.6d. together — £.1,425.

16 Geo. II. of Martii 455

Sir H. Furuefe also agreed this Day for the several foreign Coins under-mentioned, to be sent with my Lord Rivers, in the present Expedition; viz.

Oz. s.

20,000 P. 4, at 51. yld. per O- 5,604 3 4 2,500 French and Spanish Pistoles, at

17/. 6 d.- 2,187 10

, , 7,79* >3 4

rrovision, at 11 fh.per Cent.- - 42 17 —

7,834 10 4

3d September 1706.

Sir Henry Furnefe called in He prays Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight or Three Weeks; and that if it is necessary to issue any Money for the Forces, that his Lordship’s Direction may be given Today. My Lord agrees to issue £. 20,000 a Week to Mr. upon Account of Subsistence to the 40,000 and 10,000 Men in Holland; and as to the 20,000 ordered upon

Account of Subsistence to the 10,210 Men in Portugal, on Saturday last. Sir Henry avers to my Lord, that he cannot return it at more than 55^. per Piece of Eight. My Lord then fays, he mult agree to it. Three Months Subsidy to the King of Denmark, due the 15th Instant, to be now ifilied, and also £. 1,425. for the small Cloath-ing furnished in Portugal.

22d October 1706.

Mr. Brydges and Sir Henry Furnefe called in Sir Henry

Furne/e presents the under-written Proposals for Remittances to Portugal; viz.

Sir Henry Furne/e to remit for Portugal, for the Forces in Spain; viz.

150,000 Pieces of 8 in Specie or Gold, of the same Standard as Pistoles are; the Pistole to be computed at Pieces of 8 each, at 56^. per Piece of 8, amounting to £.35.000.

Or, in current Money of 116,666 Mill,

666 Rees, at 6x. per Mill Ree, £.35,000.

Signed,

October 18th, 1706. H. Furne/e.

My Lord agrees to this Proposal, provided that every i,ooood Pieces of Eight, one with another, be of due Weight with current Pieces of Eight at Lisbon.

5th December.

Sir Henry Furne/e called in He acquaints my Lord, that he hath gone on with the Remittances ever since his last-written Contract ended, which was on the 13 th o(Fe-bruary last; but hath no Minute or Agreement entered: That, some time ago, he did humbly represent the great Lofifes he had sustained by the Failure of several Merchants, from whom he had taken Bills; and that the Allowance of 11fh. per Cent, for Risque of Bills, Commission, Brokerage, and other Charges, was too little an Encouragement for the fame; and that thereupon he had my Lord’s Promise to make it up 12 Jh.per Cent.; and therefore hopes, my Lord will please to order a Minute to be entered accordingly. Upon consideration hereof, my Lord agrees, on her Majesty’s behalf, that he shall be allowed only lift), per Cent, from the 13th of February to the 13 th Augustlaft, upon the Foot of his last Contract, and 13 per Cent, for all the Monies which, since the said 13th gujl last, he hath remitted, and hereafter shall remit, until the 13 th of February next, to Amsterdam or Antwerp, for the Service of the Forces in her Majesty’s Pay in th Countries or Germany, and the like for all Monies that shall be drawn upon him from thence for the said Forces, in full Satisfaction for the Risque of all the said Bills, and for Commission, Brokerage, and otherCharges relating the reunto; but all other Matters contained in the Agreement, made the 13th February 1704, as well for and on her Majesty’s behalf, as on the Part of the said Sir are to be duly observed and performed. To which the said Sir Henry hath consented and agreed, as is attested by his Signing hereunto.

H. Furnefe.

Vol. 24.

11th February 1706.

Sir Henry Furne/e called in, and presents a Proposal for remitting 600,000 Crowns to Spain, for the Service of the King of Spain, and the 6,000 Men of his own Troops, in the Words following; viz.

To the Right Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of England.

My Lord — For the certain and speedy Supply of the King of Spain, I humbly propose to your Lord ship to give my Bills on Lisbon immediately for 600,000 Crowns, and take the Value of 400,000 Crowns in Tallies on Malt, 1707, and the remaining 200,000 Crowns in Money; the Bills to be drawn, viz.

150.000 Crowns at Sight,

150.000 D° at One Month, f

100.000 D® at Two Months, >at 54 per Crown.

100.000 D* at Three Months, I

100.000 D° at Four Months,

600.000 Crowns.

—— ----- Signed,

1 ith February 1706. Hen. Furnefe.

Which Proposal my Lord is pleased to agree to; amounting, in Pounds Sterling, to £.135,000; and di-reds the same to be i trued to Mr. Brydges upon the proper Order in his Name, in Manner following; to wit.

90.000 in Orders of Loan on the Malt pro Amo 1707,

and

45.000 in Money out of any of the Funds for this Year.

135,000

13th February.

Sir Henry Furne/e called in He prays to renew his Agreements for remitting the Money necessary for her Majesty’s Forces in the Low , for Six Months,

from the Expiration of his former Con trad, which determines this 13th Instant: And accordingly my Lord doth agree, that he shall be allowed 12 per Cent, for Risque of Bills, Commission, Brokerage, and other Charges relating to the Remittances which he shall make to Amsterdam or Antwerp, for the Service of the said Forces, between this 13th Day of and the 13th

of August next, upon the Foot of his last Contract. (

H. Furne/e.

10th May 1707.

Sir Henry Furne/e having given a Credit for 40 or

50,000 P1. 4 at Madrid, for the present Relief of the Prisoners taken in the late Battle at , my Lord

resolves, that, upon the Bills which the Officers will draw on the Paymaster for the Money that shall be furnished on the said Credit, Care shall be taken to enable the Paymaster to comply therewith.

30th July.

My Lord agrees to the Proposal of Sir Henry Furne/e for remitting to Lisbon

100,000 Crowns at Sight, at 54

50.000 D° at 40 Days Sight, at 53.

50.000 D* at 60 Days, at 52.

200,000 D* for present Money.

18 th August.

Memorial from Sir Henry Furne/e is read; representing. That General Shrinpton has drawn more than the

50,000 Crowns Credit given him the loth May last, for subsisting Prisoners with him, which were taken at the Battle of Almanza , and desiring Direction, whether he shall accept the same ? My Lord orders, that Sir Henry Furnefe do accept them; but when his Bills come- to be paid, Mr. Brydges must take care that they be placed to the proper Account of Subsistence.

I ft September.

Sir Henry Furnefe and Mr. Brydges called iif. Mr. Brydges’s Memorial is read, Ordered to be issued to him on the Orders in his Name, for the Troops in and

5 Z Portugal,

Remitting

Money

abroad.

.Remitting

Money

abroad.

454 70 Mart it. A. 1742.

Portugal the Sum of £.12,165. ;which is to be

applied to the Payment of Bills of Exchange drawn by Major-General Shrimpton, for Subsistence of the Troops who were taken Prisoners at the Battle of Almanza; but Mr. Brydgesis to take special Care, that the Money he

shall pay on the said Bills be duly and regularly charged to the Account of the respective Regiments for whose Ule the same were drawn.

16th December 1707.

Sir Henry Furnefe called in, and presents to my Lord Treasurer the under-written Proposal for Remittances to Portugal; which his Lordship is pleased to agree to;

viz.

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

My Lord,

Whereas nothing has been remitted for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces in Spain or Portugal since the 31st July last, which has occasioned a great Fall in the Exchange to Li/bon; and as it has been all along my Maxim to remit before-hand, in order to keep down the Exchange, and be in a Readiness to supply any Occasions for her Majesty’s Service, I have at this time a great Sum at j Li/bon, which Hands me in, us by the Paper hereto annexed: Therefore I humbly propose to your Lordship to remit, for the Subsidies to the King of Portugal, and Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces; viz. /‘.t00,000 at Sight, at 5-f. 8| d.(which is near the Price the Bills cost

me), and £.150,000 at 30 Days Sight, 5J. 6

London, 16 December 1707. Henry Furnefe.

23d December 170J.

Mr. Brydges and Sir Henry Furnefe called in Sir Henry presents a Proposal for remitting Money to , in

the Words following; which is agreed to by his Lordship; viz.

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

Sir Henry Furnefe humbly proposes to furnish his Bills, for the Subsistence of her Majesty’s Forces in,

and other Services, payable in Barcelona, for 100,000 Crowns, at 57 d.per Crown, for present Money, by Bills at 10 Days Sight.

London, 23 December 1707. Henry Furnefe.

2d February 170

Mr. Brydges and Sir Henry called in Ordered,

That Mr. Brydges do accept the Bills, which he acquaints my Lord are drawn by the Marquis das Minas for £.16,621 Sterling, formfeed ter him by Mr. Mead for the Use of the Portuguese T roops in Spain-, and is to write to Mr. Morrice, that the said £.16,621. is to be reckoned in Discharge of so much of the King of s Sub-

fidy as the same will extend to, at the Rate of 5J. 6d, a Mill Ree, as Money is now remitted to Portugal; and to take the Acquittances accordingly.

26 th February.

Whereas Sir Henry Furnefe doth promise to give his Bills this Day for £.50,000 for Barcelona, for the Service of the Troops in Spain, at the Rate of $s. 6 per Mill Ree, my Lord agrees that he shall be paid for the same out of the First Money that shall come in on the next Funds that shall be granted in Parliament.

2d March 170J-.

Sir Henry Furnefe to give his Bills to Mr. Brydges this Day for £.25,490 for Li/bon, at the Rate of 5 6 a Mill Ree; and is to be paid for the same out of the First Money that shall come in on the next Funds that shall be granted in the present Sessions of Parliament, after the Sums already directed.

15th March.

£.50,000 to be issued to Mr. Brydges on the Order for

40,000 Men, for which the Bank will give Bills payable in AmJHrdam at 3 Ulance, at the Rate 34 Sch. 4 Groots per f. Sterling; and Sir H. F will take like Bills

from the Gentlemen of the Bank for £.50,000. more, when he is to make the next Remittances thither.

23d April 1708.

The under-written Proposal, made by Sir Henry Furnefe, was read, and agreed to by my Lord Treasurer; viz. To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

My Lord,

I do humbly propose, for the Supply of her Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, to give Bills to Mr. Brydges on Am-fierdam and Antwerp, for the Sum of £.205,358. 192. 11 d.and to take my Payment on ihe several Funds as they come in, or by Loans that I shall procure; viz.

4 Part on the General Mortgage,

4 Part on the United East India Company,

4 Part on the 2d Payment of Annuities.

Signed,

London, 23d April Henry Furnefe.

1708.

28th April.

Sir Henry Furnefe, and several Members of the East India Company, are called in; and Sir Henry Furnefe proposes to take £.100,000 Notes of the Treasurer of the East India Company’s, with collateral Security from feme of the Members to repay the same as they shall be issued by him to Persons that buy their Goods; so that the Whole shall be satisfied by the last of June next; and he will take £.50,000. more in Bills of Exchange from several Members of the said Companies, and £.50,000 in Money from the English Company; in all £.200,000.

There must be a Direction to issue this £.200,000 for the Forces, £2 fc.out of the First £.200,000, Part of £. 1,200,000 payable by the English Company, by the late Act, upon Account of the united Stock; and Sir Henry will take from the Treasurers, or Paymasters, the said £.200,000 in Notes, Bills, and Specie, as aforesaid, for his Remittances.

And as to the Bills of Exchange, which he proposes to receive from the said Members, he is content to take the same payable at 3 Ufance, at 34 Schillings and Groots.

They will call a Court, and bring an Answer hither on Saturday next, at One in the Afternoon.:

28th Alay 1708.

Sir Henry Furnefe agrees, that, for the Supply of the King of Spain, and Forces in Catalonia, he will furnish his Bills, or Letters of Credit, for Genoa and Leghorn, to the Value of £.40,000. at Cod. per Crown; the Value to be paid out of the 2d Payment by the East India Company: and the Paymaster is to be directed to take care, that whatsoeverthefe Crowns make out in Catalonia, that the Advantage is to be charged for the Queen’s Benefit.

9th December 1708.

My Lord agrees to Sir Henry s Proposal underwritten; and Sir Henry writes this Night for , to

fend up as much Money by Sir George Byng as he can possibly get from thence, for the Service in Catalonia; anti to Genoa, to return £.50,000 from thence.

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

The humble Proposal of Sir Furnefe:

That, for the better and more specdv Supply of her Majesty’s Forces, and other Services in Catalonia, he will furnish Money at Lisbon and Italy, as followeth:

£.50,000. his Bills on Li/bon, at 51 £ Pence Crown; the Money to be paid here in a Month, the Bill at Ten Days Sight, or the like Sum to be paid Mr. Morrice upon his Bills on Mr. Brydges at Two Months, at 53*/. per Crown.

£.50,000. his Bills on Italy, to be paid in current Coin, at 5 Livres per Crown, or in Pistolcs, at £.19!* the Value to be received here in a Month, at 59 per Crown, at 10 Days Sight:

Or the like Sum to be paid to Mr. upon his

Bills on Mr. Brydges at 3 Months, at Cod. per Crown: And that if your Lordship thinks it fit, any

of

16 Geo. II.

of the Propofols, both for Lisbon and Italy, tp continue for a whole Year, at the same Price and Time of Payment.

London, 7 December 1708. Henry

15th January 1708.

Resolved, That for what Sum soever Sir Henry Furnefe hath furnished, or shall furnish, for the Service of Spain or Catalonia, by Sir George B Squadron, now going up to Port Mahon (exclusive of the Agreement made at the Treasury, 9 December lad) he shall be allowed 1 j Cent, provided he will take Tallies and Orders for the Whole on the Land Tax, to be registered after One million; and he agrees to accept the fame.

455

32,000 Moidores shipped by Ste. M.

Bajfe, as by Bills of Loading- 153,600 — — 10,364- by Sir John Jennings - - 49’75° —

103,350 — —

Of which I deduct, towards paying

Freight and other Charges - 3,350 — —

200,000 — —

Which, at 750 Rees per Crown, is £. s. d.

266,666> Crowns, at 5 gd- 58,888 17 9 For Shipping off at Lisbon, Freight,’ and Commission at Barcelona, 3 per Cent. - 1,766 n —

7" Martii.

12th March 170-J-.

Sir Henry Furnefe will accept ,£.70,000 in Land Tax Tallies of the Year 1709 (being first (truck in Mr. Brydges’s Name;) so as the Interest of 5 per Cent, be made to commence from the 12 January 1708; and £.70,000 more in Tallies to be (truck in his own Name, on the said Tax, in Course; in both £.140,000; to be-applied, viz. £. 23,842. iu. 4 d.for the King of Portugal's Subfuiy for the Months of May and June 1709; £.16,157. &J. 8J. in Part of the Sum given for the Forces in Spain and Portugal; and £.100,000. towards carrying on the Subsidy in the Low Countries.

He is also willing to take the like Tallies in Course for £.9.375 for the King of Denmark's Subsidy for Three Months, due the 4th Instant.

8 th June 1709.

Mr. Brydges and Sir Henry Furnefe called in Sir Henry Furnefe exhibits a Memorial, in the Words following; which is read, and agreed to; viz.

My Lord, London, the 7 June 1709.

Mr. Mortice wanting Directions for fending up Money

to Barcelona by the Ships under the Commandof Sir Jennings, I ordered my Correspondents to (end by those Ships the Value of 250,000 Crowns; which they have done accordingly, as appears by the annexed Bills of Loading, and Sir John Jennings's Letter: I therefore humbly propose to your Lordiliip to make over the above-mentioned Sum of 250,000 Crowns to go upon her Majesty’s Account and Risque, upon the Foot of my Agreement for Money paid at Lisbon-, the Charges for Shipping being allowed me; viz.

£. r. d.

250,000 Crowns, at ^d. per Crown, 55,208 6 8 For Commission at Lisbon, for Shipping off. One per Cent. Freight One per Cent. Commission at Barcelona One per Cent. 1,656 5 —

56,864 11 8

The above Sum to be delivered to Mr. Mead clear of all Charges.

I am, my Lord, your Lordship’s most obedient Servant,

Comes out at 541 d. H. Furnefe.

The above Sum ordered out of the Land Tax Tallies in Mr. Brydges's Hand, with 2 Months Interest on them;

lb that the Interest is to commence from 8th last.

11 June 1709.

Mr. Brydges called in He presents a Memorial, of this Day’s Date, from Sir Hen. Furnefe, about a Mistake in his Proposal, made the 7th Instant; which Memorial is read, and agreed unto, in lieu of the fornier; and is contained in the Words following:

Sir, London, nth 1709.

In the Proposal 1 made to my Lord High Treasurer the 7th Instant, there was an Error in the Computation of the Crowns; which, according to the Bills of Loading, and Sir John Jennings's Letter, are more than 250,000 Crowns mentioned in the Proposal; viz.

Vot,. 24.

60,655 8 9

I desire you will please toftate the Memorial according to that Sum.

I am. Sir, your most humble Servant,

H. Furneffe.

To the Honourable James Brydges Esquire.

23d November; 1709. '

Sir Henry Furnefe comes in, and presents to my Lord the following Proposal; viz.

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

Sir Henry Furnefe humbly proposeth:

That he will give his Orders on his Correspondents at Lisbon for £.60,000, to be sent up to Catalonia by Sir John Norris, at 554^. per Crown; the Money to be paid me out of the next Land Tax.

London, 21 November 1709. Hen. Furnefe.

My Lord agrees to this Proposal, and directs Mr. Brydges to tend a Copy thereof to Mr. Stanhope, that he may expect this Supply in the Manner therein mentioned.

12 th December 1709.

The Gentlemen of the Bank called in, with Sir Furnefe. My Lord acquaints Sir Furnefe, that

feme of the Gentlemen of the Bank being of Opinion, that it would be of Service to the Public, and an Eate to the Bank, if they had the Remitting of the next £.300,000 for the Service of the Troops in Flanders, his Lordship desired to speak with them together, to fee how that Matter could be best accommodated. Sir lays, He

believes, if the Bank would please to make their Propofi-tion, it might be so turned as to answer their Intent, without being any Prejudice to his Affair of Remittance. Mr. Eyles fays, the Bank do propose to give Bills fer £.300,000, payable at Amsterdam, for the Service of the Troops in Flanders, at 3? Ufance, and 4$, in equal Proportions, at the Rate of 9 Guilders 16 Stivers, Bank Money, for a Pound Sterling; and to receive their Payments in Exchequer Bills. Sir Henry thinks the Rate not unrea-fbnable; and fays he is willing to give them the like Ease and Accommodation in this Proposition, as he did in March 170J-, by taking the Bills they shall draw on Amsterdam for the said £.309,000; which will be the same Service to the Bank as if they remitted, and prevent the Inconveniencies that might happen to the Public, if the Remittances for the Army were in several Hands. My Lord approves of what is so offered.

20th December 1709.

Mr. Brydges and Sir Henry Furnefe called in fays, Mr. Brydges makes Difficulty to take his Bill at 10 Gs. 3 St. in lieu ofthofe agreed by the Bank to be given at io Gs. 6 St. He fays, the Reason he gives his Bills for.no more i$, that they are payable at 10 and 15 Days Sight, the Bank’s at 4 (Jfonce; and besides, his Bills are upon Account. My Lord orders Mr. Brydges to take the Bills drawn in that Manner from Sir Henry; and at the same time directs, that Mr. Brydges should examine the several Accounts of the Bills given by Sir Henry since he has been Paymaster, and lay a State thereof before his Lordship, as soon as conveniently he can.

Remitting

Morev

Abroad.

456 7° Ma ’ 174a.

7th February i7o-, V Remitting Sir Henry Furnefe called in He presents to my Lord Abrari a Memor*al for remitting £. 200,000 for the Service of the Forces in Catalonia, in the Words following; which

is read, considered, and agreed to; and is in the Words following; viz.

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

The humble Memorial of Sir Henry Purnefe:

That, for the effectual Supply of her Majesty’s Forces in Catalonia, he will furnish his Bills immediately for bon to the Value of £. too,000, in the Manner follow* ing:

40.000 at 10 Days Sight")

40.000 at 30 Days - I

40.000 at 60 Days *-----> at 55^. per Crown.

40.000 at 80 Days-----1

40.000 at 90 Days — - J

The Freight to be paid by me to the Captains of the Men of Wat.

The Payment here on the Delivery of the Bills:

£. 100,000 in Land Tax Tallies,

50.000 in General Mortgage Tallies,

50.000 in Exchequer Bills.

200,000 Signed,

London, 3d February 1709. Henry

14th March.

A Proposal of Sir Henry Furnefe for 6,000 Moidores to be sent up the Straights, for the Service of the Troops in Spain, is read, and agreed to; and is in the Words following:

To the most Honourable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain.

My Lord,

My Correspondents at Lisbon having shipped on board her Majesty’s Men of War, bound for Barcelona, 6,000 Moidores of Gold; viz.

3.000 on Board the Banelagh, Captain Falkner,

1.000 D° per the Hampton Court, Captain

1.000 D* per the Dartmouth, Captain Charles Stewart,

1.000 D* per the Elizabeth, Captain Under down.

6.000 Moidores, making 38,400'Crowns; which I humbly propose to make over for her Majesty’s Account and Risque, clear of all Charges, at 55!^. per Crown; which will amount to £.8,880 Sterling.

Signed, H. F.

10 November 1710.

Sir Henry Furnefe called in His Proposal for furnish* ing£.100,000at Lifben, is read, in these Words:

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of her Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

This being the Time of the Year wherein Provision is made for the Supply of her Majesty’s Forces in Spain, by way of Portugal; and the present Situation of Affairs not allowing of Remittances to be made from hence as usual; 1 humbly propose to your Lordships, for the Accommodation of the public Service, to furnish Mr. Morris at Lisbon with the Value of £.100,000. in Gold, upon

his Bills at 30 Days Date; the Price of Exchange to be adjusted between Mr. Morris and my Correspondents; the great Disproportion of the Exchange between Lisbon and London, at this time, making it impracticable to fix a Price. If this Gold is not made use of for the Service of Spain, it may be imported into England; which will be a great Benefit to the Nation, and Support of the public Credit.

Signed,

London, 15th November 1710. Henry Furnefe.

My Lords approve these Proportions, with these Explanations, that this Money shall be furnished to Mr.

Morricewithin Six Weeks, or sooner, after the Advice

arrives: The Bills are to be satisfied by Land Tax Tallies of 17x1, in a Course not exceeding £.1,410,000; but no Interest is to be demanded on the Bills, if they should be due before the Course on the Tax arises to that Height; and if the Bills do not arrive time enough, so as to be satisfied in the said Course, then the Tallies are to be struck without Interest, and to be indorsed ut Jupra.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gort’i For Sale of the settled Estates of William Gore Esquire, de- Eftata. ceased, in the County of Middlesex and City of London, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for rendering a Power contained in his Will more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mellish,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

lowes, Mr. Popham, Mr. WhichcoteMr. Ongley, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir fames Grant, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

kerley, Sir Lhomas Drury, Major Selwyn, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Hooper, Sir Jacob Bouverie, Mr. Digby, Mr. Strode,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Plumer,

Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrafted Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Ro»Ji. Place called the Monument, upon was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called the Monument, upon Lansdown, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Pinckney Wilkinson do, upon Wed- Remitting nesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any Public Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Muilman do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Rotjhouck do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Levy Salomons do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Reubin Salomons do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Salomons do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Anthony Crop do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Undo junior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jacob Sulema do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Baden do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac de Paiba do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Abraham de Reimer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Wij»

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred aodMeui. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved,

fofoti

>1

W

i<5 Geo. II. 7* — 8" Martii. 457

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of made Gun-

powder, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of J 1731, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, wasfurther continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by . laying a Duty upon all Victualleis, and Retailers of Bepr and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westmitifier, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their lending Beer or Ale out of their Houses to distant Places, in any Pots or Vessels less than a Gallon; and also for adding One hundred additional Hackney Chairs to those already licensed; and for applying certain Arrears of former Land Taxes towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1726; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; as relates to the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, therein mentioned, which was to continue in Force for Eighteen Years, from the 24th Day of June 1726, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, and in one other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty; and also in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, relating to the Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities, of the Commissioners for li-censing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and of Justices of the Peace, and to the Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Directions therein mentioned, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, S.r John Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Henry , and Mr. Brereton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Prefemtion The House was moved, That the First and Fifth Sec-of public tion of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of his Roa*"* present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

V01. *4.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir John Rushout, and Sir John Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third County Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the Ekdioni. Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill wrs read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y«s,j "j; } ,0'-

Tellers for lire Noes, 'Jfff Fk‘ 76:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Phillips, according to Order, reported from the Importation Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation and Wearing of foreign tam"ncks' Cambricks, the Resolution, which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, reloJve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Offices and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Employ* the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending To much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 16® Georgii II41 Regis, 1742.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Aldermen, Justices, Common Rerifferm;

Chuncil, and other Burgesses, Manufacturers, and of Wool. Inhabitants, of the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, who are greatly mterelted and concerned in the several Articles of Wool, Hides, Leather, (Ac. as therein

6 A after-

458 8* Ma. . 1742*

after-mentioned, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the House, That, at the-lame time that the Petitioners are burthened with a heavy Land Tax, and many other Taxes, they lie under very great and particular Dif-couragements besides, from the low Price of Wool, and the precarious State of feeding Stock now for many Years past, occasioned chiefly, as the Petitioners apprehend, by an Act of Charles the Second, prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle; which, as Sir Temple then

foretold it would, has, as the Petitioners conceive, since been the Cause of turning a considerable Part of the Trade of 7 'relandinto a wrong Channel, to the further Detriment of England in its Produce and Trade, not only in the Articles of Hides, Leather, Tallow, Butter, but the total Loss of our Beef-trade abroad, and (which is still worse) by occasioning a vast Increase of the Breed of Sheep in that Kingdom, has greatly contributed to the Increase of that pernicious P raft ice of running Wool from thence to France and other foreign Parts, to the inexpressible Damage of the Petitioners, and the whole Kingdom: And therefore praying, by way of Remedy and Prevention, a Bill to permit the Importation of Irish Cattle, upon Conditions of Advantage and Security to the Woollen Trade of Great Britain, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet: And further representing to the House, That it is at present doubtful (considering the present State of our Trade, Agriculture, and other Manufactures) what further Measures would prove most salutary to our Woollen Trade, by reason of the Uncertainty of the Proportion of the Quantity of our own Wool to the Number of our Hands, proper for manufacturing the fame, together with Irish, and

Woolalfo; and that if the former should exceed the latter to any great Degree (the illicit Exportation of Wool bfing stopt, as in all reason it ouajit to be) the Grower, already depressed for many Years, would, in that case, be hurt beyond all Conception: And therefore further praying, as one sure Point to proceed upon, and to the end this great Affair may the sooner receive due Regulation, a Bill for registering, from the Grower and the Feltmonger, the whole Crop of Wool in Great Britain, or in England and W only, for One Year, or such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Chadwick’s Mr. Plump ire reported from the Committee, to whom

Exchange, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Agreement, for the Exchange of LandsforTythes, made between Evelyn Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of W Leake, in the County of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church there, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E$ate'S ^or ve^-in§ divers Lands and Hereditaments in

and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of deceased, in

Evelyn now Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, of the said Will; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to, the fame, without any Amendment.

Nuneaton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tjrthe*. for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythes and certain GP

Lands in the Parish of Nuneaton, belonging to the Im-

propriator, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Carew reported from the [Committee, to whom HoMcr’i the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of the Manor of Bath-kampton, being the Estate of Charles Holder Esquire, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Phillips presented to the House, according to Or- PapiflsDrtJs der, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of an<* Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devilees, and Lessees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ftwi

f-jji

>atni

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Elziick Esquire, the sole Property of an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. zrall, Mr. Bance, Mr. Bligh, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Carter, Mr. wyud, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Chetwynd, Sir John Crop, Mr. Dougla/s, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Gildart, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Mr. Colonel Ingram, Mr. Neale, Mr. PSir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Hugh Mr.

Stewart, Mr. Steele, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

War clow, Mr. Web/er, Mr. White, Mr. Whitmore, Mr.

I Vi./on, Mr. West, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Win/ord, Mr. Corbett, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mr. Phillips,

Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Walker, Mr. Laroche, Major Selwyn, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Carew, Mr. Boone, Sir Stapylton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sir John H.

ton, Mr Bramston, Lord Guernsey, Si

Lord llil/Jborough, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Walter, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Metcal/e, Captain Lejlie: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

El wick’* Patent Stone Pipe*.

ftfi!

,\SklD

fuiti,

ftcesj

: P>

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made between the Coheirs of the late Marquis of Hali/ax, of divers Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Carew, Lord Dupplin, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Chester, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sir W. W.

Wynn, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Sir Bolder

Chernoke, Mr. Proby, Mr. Rowttey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr- Prow/e, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Popham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Powney, Lord Gage, Mr. Hunger/ord, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Barrington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of fork, Derby, Nottingham, Wilts, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Marquis of Halifax’s Estate.

®<*sa

'«lc

Hi

16 Geo. II.

8° Martii.

459

Gape’s

Rftate.

The House being informed, that some other Amend- An Act to im power Justices of the Peace to act in cer-ments are proper to be made to the ingossed Bill from tain Cafes relating to' Parishes and Places, to the Rates the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling ’Thomas Gape and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

and Joseph Gape, Esquires, to make Jointures, Leases, and Prov lions for younger Children, out of the Estates deviled to them respectively by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Privilege, The House being informed, that Satisfaction had been given to the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Gage, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the Tenth Day ot February last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

abroad.

Preventing Fraud* by bankrupts.

Supply Bill; Slaking Fund.

Offices and hn.ploy-ments.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Owen, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Sir John CroJJ'e, Sir Thomas Drury, Captain Lejlie, Mr. Torke, Mr. Turner, Mr. , Mr. Walker, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Young, Mr. West, Mr.

ward, Mr. Carew, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Hooper, Sir

Roocrt Long, Mr. CornewallMr. Gore, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Brereton , Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grant, Mr. Hoblyn, L->id Guernsey, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Herbert, Sir

Hugh Smithforr, and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Francis Fane prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply lor the Service of the Year 1743; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them!.Ives for Offices and Employments within the Time iiniited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recu-

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Jackson do, Tomorrow Remitting Morning, attend the Comm1! tee of the whole House, to M°nex whom it is referred to cpnfider of the Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Ordered, That Mr. John Wenham do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Metrick Bu do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Van Neck do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Gaufen do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ezekiel Hall do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gafpard Sellon do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Loubier do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ralph Knox do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Herman Berens do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Simond do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Craigjhead dq attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Backer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Flower do attend the said Committee at the same time,

Ordered, That Mr. C/audeAubcrt do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Auriol do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr, Benjamin Ferrand do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander She do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Guinand do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Lagier do attend the

laid Committee at the fane time.

Ordered, That Mr. DavidRebotier dp attend the said Committee at the same time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, relating to fants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlements, of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act} be Settlement of Poor Persons;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the

now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a foreign Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Gold or more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of si|iver , W‘r*' Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work T made of Gold or Silver Wire manufactured in foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, An ingossed Bill to impower Justices of the Peace to That they had gone through the Bill, and made several face to act, aft in certain Cafes relating to Parishes and Places, to the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to fbvughjub- Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable, report, when the House will please to receive the same* was read the Third time. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursfaj

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, Morning next.

Vol. 24. Ti»

Mice* of

M to Rates.

460 8° — 9° Martii. A. 1742.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two r FCT Months, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Ca,>bnck,' House, to consider further of the Importation and Wearing of foreign Cambricks.

Remitting

Money

Abroad.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller have L^ave to make a Motion; it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. John Cook do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William isaac Kops do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry de Putter do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The House bteipose to end a Quarrel.

The House being informed, that a Quarrel had happened between Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, and Mr. vynd, Members of this House:

And they being returned to the House;

Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House having received Information of their Quarrel, expected that they should both give the House an Assurance, that they would not prosecute the Matter any farther:

Whereupon Mr. Walpole flood up in his Place, and allured the House, that he would carry this Matter no farther:

After which, Mr. Chetwynd flood up in his Place, and gave the House the like Assurance on his Part.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Martii;

Anno i6° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Lord fetre’t A/TR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. 1VJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Two of the Trustees, named in the Marriage Settlement of the late Lord Petre, deceased, to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other Trustee, named in the said Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in , at the Clerk’s Table.

ChadwScke’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Exchange, for making perpetual an Agreement, for the Exchange of Lands for Tythes, made between Evelyn Chadwicke, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of West Leake, in the County of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler, Clerk, Rector of the Parifo Church there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Holder’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Manor of Bath-hampton, being the Estate of Charles Holder, Esquire, for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the feme; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

*4

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, to whom FluMw's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for *fe impawering Thomas Fitzhenhertthe younger, F squire, to

make Jointures during the Life-time of Thomas Fitz-herbett, Esquire, his Father; and also to giant Annuities to his younger Sons, in such manner as is therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Phillips, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Leheup do, this Day, attend Remitting the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re- Monty ferred to consider of the Papers presented to this House Abtoad* in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Bowen do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry K do attend the said Committee at the feme time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane do attend the said Committee at the feme time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Kitchen do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Papists* Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Manning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, the Fleet, to consider of more effectual Means for the cafy and speedy Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bi; for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Victual- Dntwoa lers, and Retailers ot Beer and Ale, within the Cities of Vaftiull*. London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unfetisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to fellspirituous Liquors and strong Waters by retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to rajfe a certain Sum of Money for the Service

of

p#S!

Cook

lit

Har

ibro

Ck

Eti

Conviction of transported Persons found at large.

Cooke’s Eft ate.

Remitting

Money

abroad.

Cooke*

Estate.

Fitzherbert’s

Estate.

9° — io* Martii. 461

i6 Geo. II.

of the Year 1743, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Offenders found at large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravenfivortk and kfhajhton, in the County of in James Cooke the younger, Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of 'the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money;

Ordered, That Copies of the Minutes of the Treasury, since the iftof March 174L for remitting abroad of any

public Money, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Copies of Minutes of the Treasury, containing all Contracts or Agreements made with Sir H. Furnefe, from the ift of January 1703, for the remitting of Monies abroad during the War, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had heard some Evidence upon the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this Day the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the said Papers, do, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Martii;

Anno 16* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1742.

Praters.

\N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j! jl. for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravensworth and Whajhton, in the County of York, in James Cooke the younger, Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering 'Thomas Fitzherbert the younger, Esquire, to make Jointures during the Life-time of Thomas Fitzherbert Esquire, his Father; and also to grant Annuities to his younger Sons, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Two of the Trustees named in the Marriage Settlement of the late Lord Petre, deceased, to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other Trustee named in the said Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p3fs.

Ordered, That Mr. Carezv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mif-takes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty three; be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; is committed, be discharged from the instruction given to them upon the Second Day of this instant March, impowering them to receive a Clause for apprehending and punishing Persons who shall hawk or vend unstampt News Papers.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills, upon the Resolutions upon Monday last reported from the Committee of the whole House, 10 whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed to by the House, That they do insert a Clause, or Clauses, for apprehending and punishing Persons who fha.Il hawk or vend unstampt News Papers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement of poor Persons, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-pight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Importation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, L;ce, Fringe, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was commuted, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

6 B < Ordered,

Supply Bill; linking Fund.

Lord Petre’s fiftate.

Land Tax Commissioners Name*.

Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, &c.

Ways and Means.

Poor Laws relating to Settlements*

Foreign Gold or Silver Wire, Thread, &c.

462 io" — 11° Martii. A. 1742.

Bethnal Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Green Reading of the Bill to make the Hamlet of Bethnal , Farilb, fcc. jn t^e parish of St. Dunfian, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and forereding a Parish Church therein (which Bill was ordered to be read the Third time this Day, if it should be ingrossed), be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said BUI (now ingrossed) be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Remitting The other Order of the Day being read;

abroad^ The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the remitting abroad of any public Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VenertSj 11° Martii 5 Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Offic« and A N ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Employments. Fx. omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, now limited by the said Act; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 26. After "be," to insert "and he:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to the Time of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Papists Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House DewUk 'd *Q rc^ve *nt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill for the more effectually preventing the Importation Foreign and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or Gold or other Work, made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was committed, the Amendments, *c' which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; which was read with Blanks; and is as followeth;

Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, being a Subject of Great Britain, at his Arrival from foreign Parts, to import, for his own proper Use and Wear only, complete Suits, and no more, of Apparel, confiding of, or wrought or made up with, Gold or Silver Wire, Plate, Thread, Fringe, Buttons, Tissue, Embroidery, Brocade, or other Work or Ornaments, of Gold or Silver, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured in foreign Parts; which said Suits

shall be entered at the Custom-house of the Port where they shall be imported; and, upon such Entry, the Person so importing the same shall make Oath before the Collator, Customer, Comptroller, or other chief Officer, of the Customs of such Port, that the said Suits are for his own proper Use and Wear only, and for no other Person whatsoever:

And if any Person, summonedas the Wearer of such Apparel, by Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions of this Act, shall make Oath before such Justices, that the Appirel, for

which he is so charged as the Wearer, was imported by himself at his Arrival from foreign Parts, and was Part of Suits only by him then imported, and

entered upon Oath, as aforesaid, every such Person shall, from thenceforth, be from all further

Prosecution, and from all the of this Act, in

respect of the said Offence; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

The said Clause being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Word " his," and before the Word " Arrival," the Words " or her:"

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUcr.for.heYeas.^f- }..

Te,lm for CheNo^A" — . } S,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several other Amendments being made to the said Clause, and the Blanks therein being filled up, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill: And the said Clause, so amended, is as followeth; viz.

Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, being a Subject of Great Britain, at his or her Arrival from foreign Parts, to import, for his or her own proper Ufeand Wear only, Two complete Suits, or any Part thereof, and no more, of Apparel, confiding of, or wrought or made up with. Gold or Silver Wire,

Plate, Thread, Fringe, Buttons, Tissue, Embroidery, Brocade, or other Work or Ornaments of Gold or Silver, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign Parts; which said Two Suits, or any Part thereof, shall be entered at the Custom-house of the Port where they shall be imported; and, upon such Entry, the Person so importing the fame, shall make Oath before the Collector, Customer, Comptroller, or other chief Officer, of the Customs of such Port, that the said Two Suits, or any Part

thereof.

Frail

ton

Delcr*

Korr

Zfci-

Couol

Lt&u

feac

F«.

ferij

felt,

V'.

16 Geo. II. n° — 140 Martii. 463

thereof, is or are for his or her own proper Use and W ear only, and for no other Person whatsoever: And if any Person, summoned as the Wearer of such Apparel, by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions of this Act, shall make Oath before such Justice or Justices, that the Apparel, for which he or she is so charged as the Wearer, was imported by him or her at his or her Arrival from foreign Parts, and was Part of Two Suits only by him or her then imported, and entered upon Oath, as aforesaid, every such Person shall, from thenceforth, be acquitted and discharged from all further Prosecution, and from all the Forfeitures and Penalties of this Act, in respect of the said Offence; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Several Amendments were also made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Puniftiing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Deferrion. Payment of the Am y and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

Norru’ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate, impower Anna tforris, Widow, Mother and Guardian to John Norris, an Infant, to grant One or more building Lease or Leases of certain Messuages, and a Piece or Parcel of Ground, in Fein the Parish of St. Benedict Grace-church London: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

County Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Electioni. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Manning the Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Fleet. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of more effectual Means for the eal'y and speedy Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfi have Leave to make a Mo-

tion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Norm’ An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bftate. tQ impower Anna Norris, Widow, Mother and Guardian to John Norris, an Infant, to grant One or more building Lease or Leases of certain Messuages, and a Piece or Parcel of Ground, in Fenchurch-street, in the Parish of St. Benedict Grace-church, London, was read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncs, 140 Martii;

Anno 1 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 174a. Prayers.

Gape’* ly TR. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to Bfiate. XVA whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape Esquires, to make Jointures, Leases, and Provisions, for younger Voi. 24.

Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said other Amendments were read; and are as followed* j viz.

Pr. 13. L. 31. Leave outfrom " whereas" to "from" in Line 36:

L. 37. Leave out " them," and insert " the " said Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape

Pr. 14. L. 4. Leave out from " marry" to " and, " in Line 6:

L. 25. After "Jointures," insert "and," and leave out from "Leases" to " Ihoudl," in Line 26:

L 34. After " Jointures," insert "and,"and leave out from " Leases" to the End of the Line:

Pr. 16. L. 12. Leave out from "Dowers" to "and," in Line 9, in Press 17:

Pr. 17. L. 27. After " Jointures," insert " and

L. 28. Leave out "and Provisions for younger " Children."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom £awt the Bill for amending and making more effectual the relating to Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and Rogues, Va-disorderly Persons, and also the Laws for erefling and gab°nds, *c. providing Houses of Correction, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cooke’s veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravensworth Estate and Whafhton, in the County of York, in James Cooke,

the younger. Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage-Settlement, and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir John Ramsden, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir W.

Wms. Wynn, Mr. Vane, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Wentworth, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Mount ague,

Mr. Peirs, Mr. White, Mr. Nicholas Fenwicke, Mr.

Blackett, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr.

Hylton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Henry SlingsbMr. Smelt, Mr. Tempest, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Hoblyn, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Corne-wall, Mr. War bur ton. Lord S. Beauclerk, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Robert Grof-venor, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Phillipps, according to Order, reported from the _ (

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Defdi and allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees, and Lessees, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered

14* — 15° Mar tit. A. 1742.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *und* upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1743.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mining The House resolved itself into a Committee of the the Fleet, whole House, to consider of more effectual Means for the easy and speedy Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

And Mr. Alderman Calvert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine contra die ente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet: And that Mr. Alderman Calvert, Vice-Admiral Vernony Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Sydenham, and the Lord George Graham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 50 Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii lldj Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Elwick’s ORDERED, That Mr. Eversfield be added to the Patent Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the

tone ipes. j^orcjs> intituled, An Act for vesting in John Elwick Esquire, the sole Property of an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for that Purpose, is committed.

Pari of Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Thomond’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Will- making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcaster, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to "be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Marquis of Sir John Hynd Cotton reported from the Committee, Halifax’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made between the Coheirs of the late Marquis of Halifax, of divers Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto-, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as foiioweth; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 19. After " Snelling" insert " and Henry <c Samuel Eyre"

he said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom Gore’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of the Settled Estates of William Gore Esquire, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; and for rendering a Power contained in his Will more effectual; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gape's for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape Esquires, to Estate* make Jointures, Leases, and Provisions, for younger Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively, by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

After " Jointures" to insert " and, " and to leave out the Words " and Provisions for younger Children out."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Land Tax Reading of the ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in Commission-the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for ers ames’ the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said ingrossed Bill was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the List of Commissioners for the Isle of Ely, to insert " James Thompson Esquire

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Cambridge, to insert " Hale Wortham Gent.

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Gloucester, to insert " James Lenox Napper, Wiliam For refer,

" Finer Small, Thomas Jones, Thomas Bufi

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Hereford, to insert " Edward Rowell, Richard Fleming

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Hertford to insert " William Woolbell, John Stevenson

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Kent, to insert " Thomas Blackmore Esquire:"

In the List of Commissioners for the City of Westminster, to insert M Charles Shephard Gent. Sir John Shadwell " Knight:"

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Middlesex y to insert <k Thomas Hanbury Esquire, William " Streeke Esquire

In'the List of Commissioners for the County of Oxony to insert " George Bajkerville Gent.

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Salop, to insert " Edward Fleming Esquire

In the Lilt ol Commissioners for the City of Bathy to 2 3 insert

Norris1 Sflate.

Exportation

of

Gunpowder.

Caware-lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, &c.

26 Geo. II. 150 — 1<!

insert, " Master William Hayward) Matter ..... Chapman

Clerk, Master Walter Gibbs, Master William Ring

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Southampton, to insert <c Thomas Stevens Clerk, Henry Portal V Gentleman

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Suffolk, to insert 41 Samuel Clarke Esquire

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Surrey, to insert James Martin Esquire

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Wor-tester, to insert Francis Highway Gentleman

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Wilts, to insert c4 Nor borne Berkeley Esquire,..Smith of

Pot tern."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for rectifying Mistakesin the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Ad1 of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an -Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Anna Norris Widow, Mother and Guardian to John Norris sin Infant, to grant One or more building Lease or Leases of certain Messuages, and aPiece or Parcel of Ground in Fenchurch-street, in the Parish of St. Be-nediEl Grace-church, London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir William Carew, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Carter, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Hill, Mr. Packer, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Ord, Sir W. Wms. Wynn, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr/ Pitt, Sir James Grant, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Walter, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Dawkins, Sir John Chester, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members wiio serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, for licensing One hundred additional Hackney Chairs; and for continuing certain Clauses relating to the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, and of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Rules and Penalties therein mentioned and for apprehending and punishing the Hawkers of unstampt News Papers: And the same was received; and.read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difbrderly Persons; and allb the Law* for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; was committed, be now read.

And the Sid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-jration Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 24.

0 Martii. 465

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish Church therein;

The Counlei for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Leasehold-ers, and Occupiers of Land, in the Hamlet of Beth-nal Green, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses j and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IP1 Regis, 174a. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of William Gore Esquire, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies! and for renderinga Power contained in his Will more effectual$ was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made between the Coheirs of the late Marquis of Halifax, of divers Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of Henry late Earl of Thomond, and Viscount Tadcaster, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr.’ Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, considerable Graziers, Tradesmen, and others, in the Parts of North Holland, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Lincoln, who are greatly interested and concerned in the several Articles of Wool, Hides, Leather, fSc. as therein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, that by an Act, made in the Reign of King Charles the Second, prohibiting the Importation of Irish Cattle, a great Part of the Trade of that Kingdom, has, as the Petitioners conceive, and as Sir William Temple about that time foretold it would, been diverted into a wrong Channel, to the Prejudice of the Trade of England, in the several Articles of Hides,

6 C Leather,

Bethnal Green Pari Hi Ire.

Gore’s Eilat c.

Marquii of Halifax’s

Estate.

Eari of Thomond,i Will.

Regiftenng) of Wool.

4 66

i6°MartiL

A. 1743.

Leather, Tallow, Butter, tec. to the total Loss of our Beef-trade abroad; and, which is yet worse, by occasioning a great Increase of the Stock of Sheep in that Kingdom, has greatly promoted that pernicious Practice of running Wool from thence to foreign Parts, to the very great Detriment of the Petitioners, and of the whole trading and landed Interestof this Kingdom: And therefore praying a Repeal of the said Act of Prohibition, as one Means of Advantage and Security to our Trade, and particularly to the Woollen Trade of Great Britain; and further representing to the House, that a Doubt hath arisen, whether or no we have a competent Number of

L. 21. After c< One," to insert " or :M And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title? be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manu-fastured in foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-----7 — ~ — — — w — — r — > ——

proper Hands for -manufacturing the whole Quantity grown with us, besides Scotch, Injh> and Spanish Wool; and therefore, towards clearing up a Difficulty of so very great Importance, praying further, a Bill for registering the whole Crop of Wool in Great Britain, or in England and Wales only, for One Year, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.' Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Annuities Act for raj/ing by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner an ouer). therein mentioned, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, without any Amendment: A fid also,

Luton, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford to lYeftwood Gate, in the said County, and for repairing the Roads from ‘Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, without any Amendment: And also,

Cifcncester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Given-cester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place called the Monument, upon Lansdown, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

Escape of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prisoners. for the further Punishment of Persons who shall aflill or encourage Prisoners to escape, with fevetal Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Buccleuch's restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch, to the Dignities and Tides, &c. Titles of Earl of Dcncaster and Baton Scot of findal: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. A Motion being made, that the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch to the Dignities and Titles of Earl of Don-casier and Baron Scot of <Tindal, bt now read the First time;

Mr. Pelham, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends the Consideration of the said Bill to the House.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Foreign An ingrossed Bill for the more effectually preventing GoldorSil- the Importation and Wear of Gold or Silver Thread, Thread^&c. Lace, Fringe, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

pr. 8. L. to To ledve out<c any," and insert" such;" L. 11. To leave out " thereof," and insert u or

Parts of One or Two Suits as shall be imported :"

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to> Elvington whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Incl°furt*

Act for inclosing and dividing the Common or Moor j

called Flvington Moor, within the Manor and Parish of j

Elvington, in the County of Turk, was committed, That j

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that all tile Parties

concerned, except his Majesty, who appeared to the,

Committee to be the Patron of the ReftoFy of Elvington,

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

the Committee, and that the Committee had gone through

the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they

had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That.his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, that, as far as he is interested therein, this House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Pr. 1. L. 5. After" whereas," insert <c the King’s most " Excellent Majesty is Patron of the Advowson of the (< Rectory of the Parish Church of Elvington aforesaid,

"and."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 10. L. 16. by inserting, after the Word " Successors," these Words, " other than as his said Mar*

" jesty, his Heirs and Successors, are or shall be intitled " as Patrons of the Advowson of the said Rectory

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by. the House.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for In- PapistiDeed* rollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for and Will*. Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees,. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for In rollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the £aws Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amend* lating to ing and making more effectual the Laws relating to Ro£ue*» Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Per- Sabon<l,>*c' fons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; was^ committed.

And the said Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time,

Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several other of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question-severally' put thereupon, postponed:

And

16 Geo. II. 170

And several other of the said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And another Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House:

And another Amendment being read a Second time;

And Notice being taken, and it appearing, upon Mr. Speaker’s telling the House, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker waited till Four of the Clock; and then the House being again told by Mr. Speaker, and 40 Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Jovisy 170 die Martii;

Mr. Vyner, Mr. IVhichcote, Lord Dupplm, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Scot, Sir Ar\ Forbes, Mr. Rojs, Sir James Grant, Marquis of HartingtonMr. Grant, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Noel, Mr. fVilkinfort, Sir John Norris, Lord Limerick, Sir John RuJJrfut, Mr. Maul, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Crauford, Mr. Lejley^ Lord Glenorchy, Colonel Abercrombiey Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. M'Kye, Mr. M'Leod, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Douglajs, Lord Inchiquin, General Sinclair, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Hooper, Lord Corn bury. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir. tV-yi. Middleton, Sir Jof Pennington, Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Strode, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward: "Turner, Mr. Hoblyn, r. Butler, , Mr. Southwell, :Mr. Prowse, Sir Hugh SmithJcHi Sir Roger Nezudigate, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr*. Duncombe^ Mr. IVbU pole; Mr. Watson, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr; Jenynss Mr. Bowles, Mr. Powney, Mr. Bonce: Andjtjiey'are.to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, ifi the Speaker’s Chamber. t A

Anno 160 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Ilv'wrton A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Inclosure. jnL for inclosing and dividing the Common or Moor called Elvington Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Elvington, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Preservation Sir Hugh Smithjon presented to the House, according of public to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed In s* the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservat ion of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Laws re- Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report lating to from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Va-p U ' C* gabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Correction; was committed, be now returned.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which was Yesterday read a Second time, but not then agreed to, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were (except feme of therh, which were disagreed to), upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed, with respect to the Clause for apprehending, and giving a Reward to Persons apprehending Vagrants; to which Clause the Committee had made the several Amendments, that were Yesterday read a Second time, and postponed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee:

And the Committee are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Buccleuch’s for restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch to the Dignities TitUi, Ilq. and Titles of Earl of Doncaster and Baron Scot of Yin-dal, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Vol. 24,

Mr. Cornewallreported from the Qotpjuittee, tojtvhom Elwick’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, for vesting in John Elwick, Esquire, the sole Property of lpCS’ an Engine for making. Stone Pipes, and to eniaj-gb the r.<

Term granted by Letters Patent for that* Purpose*/.wAs committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. . *»_ '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Bethnal Hearing of Counsel upon the ingrossed Bill to make the Green Parish, Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the JParish of St. Dunstan, &c‘

Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and dif-tinct Parish, and for erecting a rafish Church therein,

be now read. ....

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called, ip.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses; and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.: : 1

And Mr, Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title be.

An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal G)rken, in the Parish of St. Dunstan StepHey, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distihft Parish, and for'(erecting a Parish Church therein.;

Ordered, That Sir Hugh SmithJon do carry the Biif to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence:

Mr. Carew reported frond the Committee, to whom the Laws re- Bill for amending and making mote effectual the< Laws luring to relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and aHo the Laws for erecting and providing Houses of Gorreftion; was re-committed, with respect’tetthe Clause for apprehending,^and giving a Reward to Persons apprehending, Vagrants, That the Committee had gone through the said Clause and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, made by the Committee to t he said Clause,

: were dneeread throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4^8

18® — 21 Martii.

Veneris, 18* die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Euke of Ayf & Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Buccleuch’* 1VJ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Titles, Ac. Act for restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch to the Dig-

nities and Titles of Earl of Doncaster and Baron Scot of Tindal, was committed, That the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

F°n<?g torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fu upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Exportation A Bill to continue several Laws, for granting an Al-of Gun- Jowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpow-povvacr, &c. fQr giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, for licensing One hundred additional Hackney Chairs; and for continuing certain Clauses relating to the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, and of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Rules and Penalties therein mentioned; and for apprehending and punishing the Hawkers of unstampt News Papers , was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Preservation A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the of public Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

°* s* intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Re/ohed, T\i2Lt the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smith-Jon, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Torke, Sir John Rufkout, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Martin, Sir John Strange, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Lord Perceval, Dr. Butler, Mr. Gyhbon, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Wilkirfon, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. RoJJ'e* Mr. Bathurfty Mr. Warburton, Sir John Chester, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Major Sclwyny Mr, Sydenham, Sir Lifter Holt, Mr. Bacon > Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gorey Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ongley, Mr. But-tler, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Proby, Mr. Ctirzon, Mr. Knight, Mr. Copleftony Sir Nicholas Williamsy Mr. Williams y Mr. Bitty Sir William Claytony Mr. Phillips, Mr. Ravolinfon Earley Mr. Archer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, Sur* rey and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ci'y: &c. Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Month

fclcAiims. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Law* touching the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Ports, and other Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

A. 1742.

LuncZy 21® die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1741.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act justice* to impower Justices of the Peace to act in certain Cafes Peace 10 aa relating to Parishes and Places, to the Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable, without any JC ° atcs* Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Marquiiof this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishinga Partition made between the Co-heirs of the late Marquis of Halifax, of divers Estates therein mentioned; and other Purposes in this Act expressed:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Gape’* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Bfotc. Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape, Esquires, to make Jointures, Leases, and Provisions, for younger Children, out of the Estates devised to them respectively, by the Will of William Gape Esquire, their late Father deceased:

And also, *

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Elvingto* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Inclosure. and dividing the Common or Moor called Elvington Moory within the Manor and Parish of Elvington, in the County of York: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Insolvent for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, with some Amend- cbt<^ ments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for SavtgeN establishing an Agreement between Margaret Savage Agreement Spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, deceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dltt0* for establishing an Agreement between Margaret Savage Spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, deceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savagey was read, in Part, the First time:

And a Member (returned upon a new Writ) having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Residue of the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch to the Dignities Byccleuch’t and Titles of Earl of Doncaster and Baron Scot of Tindal, Flt es*kc* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum Fund* of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying j a further Sum of Money therein mentioned towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

16 Geo. II. n° Martiu 469

Martis, 220 die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IldI Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Norri* AyT R. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom

Eitatr. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Anna Norris Widow, Mother and Guardian to John Norris an Infant, to grant One or more Building Lease, or Leases, of certain Messuages, and a Piece or Parcel of Ground, in Fenchurchstreet, in the Parish of St. BenediEl Grace-church, London, was committed. That the Commirtee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said ingrossed Bill was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment*

Elwick’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Patent Sione for vesting in John Elwich Esquire, the sole Property of an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornezvall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Insolvent The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ebtore. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors:

And the said Amendments were read; and areas followeth 5 viz.

Pr. 2. L. 11. Leave out "or," and insert " and

L. 14. Leave out " said:"

Pr. 5. L. 6. Leave out (< said Pr. 12. L. 34. Leave out " said Pr. 13. L. 27. Leave out "said:"

Pr. 15. L. 22. Leave out" said:"

Pr. 18. L. 28. After "Duplicate," insert " every " Clerk of the Peace so offending:"

Pr. 19. L. 21. Leave out "often:"

Pr. 22. L. 32. After " any," insert "of:"

Pr. 23. L. 2. After "detained," insert "every such "Prisoner:"

Pr. 24. L. 39. Leave out "and:"

Pr. 30. L. 6. Leave out "Persons," and insert " Pri-c< foners :"

L. 35. Leave out "their," and insert "her." The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornezvall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Laws An ingrossed Bill for amending and making more

relating to effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and Rogues, Va- other idle and disorderly Persons; and also the Laws for gabomls, &c, erecting an(j providing Houses of Correction; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 22. After "be," to insert " or if the Offender is committed to the House of Correction, then " to the Governor or Master thereof:"

Pr. 11. L. 30. After "pass," to insert "mutatis mut and Is

Pr. 19. L. 23. After "Officer," to insert " or Go-<f vernor or Mailer of any House of Correction:"

Vol. 24.

Pr. 24. L. 31. Befojfe "Sessions," to insert "Justices iC of the Peace at their General or Quarter:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to amend, and make more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dist orderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton> Royal A (Tent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afleut to the several public and private Bills following; viz. v

An Act for repealing certain Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other Duties on spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the said Liquors:

An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for transferring the Exchequer Bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the Duties for Licences to sell spirituous Liquors and strong Waters by Retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, to be further charged on the said Duties for Licences:

An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, irt Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the more easy and effectual Conviction of Offenders found at large within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for Transportation:

An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to act in certain Cafes relat ing to Parishes and Places, to the Rates and Taxes of which they are rated or chargeable:

An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections:

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors i An Act for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tees:

An Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmor eland:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of IVtits:

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet, to Shepherds Sfiord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cheril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross-way at Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the High-6 D ways

47°

2 2° Martii.

A. 1742.

Royal Assent ways from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Chadwicke Esquire* Lord of the Manor of West Leake,

to BUli. Hilly being the Road to London, and from the Foot of in the County of Nottingham, and Granville Wheeler

the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, being the Road Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church there: to Oxford; An Act to enable Trustees, named in the Settlement

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town and Will of Robert Trefufis Esquire, deceased, during

of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to a Place the Minority of his Son Robert Cotton Trefufis, to make

called The Monument, upon Landfdown, in the same Leases of Part of his Estate in the County of Corn-County: wall:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted An Act for impoweringTifomr Fitzherbert the younger, by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Esquire, to make Jointures during the Life-time of Thomas present Majesty, for the more effectual amending the Fitzherbert Esquire, his Father, and also to grant Annui-Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County ties to his younger Sons, in such Manner as is therein of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through mentioned:

Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnel, in the An Act for Sale of the settled Estates of William Gore County of Bucks: Esquire, deceased, in the County of Middlesea: and City

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the of London, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies; Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for and for rendering a Power contained in his Will more repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to effectual:

Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence An Act for enabling Thomas Gape and Joseph Gape, to St. James's End, in the Town of Northampton: Esquires, to make Jointures and Leases of the Estates

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted devised to them, respectively, by the Will of William by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his Gape Esquire, their late Father, deceased: late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for An Act to impower Anna Norris Widow, Mother and repairing and amending the Highways from the North Guardian to John Norris an Infant, to grant One or more Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, building Lease or Leases of certain Messuages, and a to Woodford, in the County of Essex: Piece or Parcel of Ground, in Fenchurchstreet, in the

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Parish of St. Bene did Grace-church, London: an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his pre- An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual re- Fields within the Parish of Great Brington, in the County pairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Northampton:

of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County: An Act for confirming and rendering more effectual

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for in-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the doling and dividing certain common Fields and com-First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the mon Downs within the Manor and Parish of Aston Tir-Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wejhvood rold, in the County of Berks:

Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads An Act for the inclosing and dividing the Common from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford: Fields and Waste Grounds lying within the Manor of

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Dummer, in the Parish of Dummer, in the County of St. Botolph, without Aldgate, in the City of London, to Southampton:

raise a certain Sum of Moftey for Payment of Debts An Act for confirming, establishing, and making already contrafted, for the Relief and Maintenance of effectual, certain Articles of Agreement made and en-the Poor of the said Parish: tered into for inclosing and dividing several common

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors Fields lying in Earley, in the Parish of Sotting, in the and Inhabitants of the Housesin Charter-house Square, in County of Berks, and for exchanging several antient In-the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate for railing closures in Earley aforesaid:

Money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common or improve, the said Square, and to continue the same in Moor called Elvington Moor, within the Manor and Repair: Parish of Elvington, in the County of York:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in An Act for making the Exemplification of the Set-Sturton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham, tlement made by James Earl of Anglesey, on his Marriage entailed by the Will of Evelyn late Duke of Kingston, with Katharine, now Duchess Dowager of Buckingham-deceased, in Evelyn now Duke of Kingston, in Fee-simple, shire and Normanby, Evidence in all Courts of Law and discharged of the Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, of the Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: laid Will, and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Hereditaments of greater Value to the like Uses: Will of Henry late Earl of Thomond and Viscount Tad-

An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition caster. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in made between the Co-heirs of the late Marquis of Hali- Great Britain and Ireland:

fax, of divers Estates therein mentioned, and other Pur- An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several

poles in this Act expressed: Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire,

An Act to impower Two of the Trustees named in in Trustees, in order to fell such Lands to Protestant the Marriage-Settlement of the late Lord Petre, deceased, Purchasers:

to grant Leases without the Concurrence of the other An Act to enable Henry Willis Esquire, now called

Trustee named in the said Settlement: Henry Compton, and his Issue Male and Defendants, to

An Act for restoring Francis Duke of Buccleuch to the rake and use the Surname of Compton, pursuant to the Dignities and Titles of Earl of Doncaster and Baron Scot Will of Eleanor Bave Widow, deceased: of Tindal: An Act to enable Edward Rookes Esquire, to take

An Act for exchanging Part of the Glebe Lafids and and use the Surname of Leedes only, pursuant to the Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Nuneaton, last Will and Testament of Robert Leedes, late of North in the County of Warwick, for the Reftorial Tythesand Milforth, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased: certain Lands in the Parish of Nuneaton, belonging to An Act to enable Crayle Bellamy Esquire, to take and the Impropriator: use the Surname of Crayle:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Bath-hampton, being An Act for vesting in John Elwick Esquire, the foie the Estate of Charles Holder Esquire, for Payment of In- Property of an Engine for making Stone Pipes, and to cumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for that therein mentioned: Purpose:

An Act for making perpetual an Agreement, for the An Act for naturalizing John Bockholt and Swain Exchange of Lands for Tythes, made between Evelyn R0fe:

An

r 6 Geo. II. 22°~

An Act for naturalizing Paul Torras, John Godfrey Zurhorst, and others:

An Act for naturalizing James Serces Clerk*

And then the House adjourned till To-morrdw Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1742.

Prayers.

Preventing A/f R* ^enry ^rc^ier reported from the Committee, to Frauds by IVA whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Bankrupts. Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the - Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Prrftrvation Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to of public whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in oa ' the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clausefor amending so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the several Acts passed, for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, as relates to Carts travelling for Hire:

And the said Committee are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew be added to the said Committee.

Exportation The Order of the Day being read, for the House of Gun- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, powder, &c. Upon the Bill to continue several Laws, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, for giving further Encouragement for the Im-poitation of Naval Stores from his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, for licensing One hundred additional Hackney Chairs; and for continuing certain Clauses relating to the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, and of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Rules and Penalties therein mentioned; and for apprehending and punishing the Hawkers of unstampt Newspapers.;

The House was moved, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Bryan Blundelly of Liver-pooky Merchant, was referred, might be read:

And the said Report being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-Vol. 24.

-250 Martii. 471

tee, That they have Power to receive a-Clause for the Re^ % lief of the said Bryan Blundelly in respect: of a Quantity of white Salt loft by tempestuous Weather, as the same was carrying from Liverpool, to Limerick in Ireland.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King fVilliani the Third, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the Making of Sail-cloth in, this Kingdom, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Oath to be taken upon the exporting from Ireland into England the Manufactures of Thread, Yarn, and Linen, made in Ireland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Brands Pane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 16® Georgii IP* Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported Exportation from the Committee of the whole House, to whom of Gun-the Bill to continue several Laws, for granting an Allow- Powdcfr&c' ance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in America, for licensingOne hundred additional Hackney Chairs; and for continuing certain Clauses relating to the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, and of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Rules and Penalties therein mentioned; and for apprehending and punishing the Hawkers of unstampt Newspapers; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill 5 and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Preventing Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, an *UI> was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to’ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sairagtf9 for establishing an Agreement between Margaret Savage Agreerotnfc Spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, de-

ceased,

472 25° — so0 Martii. A 1743*

ceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of tht real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Lord Deerhtirfl, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hooper, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Farfo, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Mr. Bowles, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Buncombe, Mr.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Jty! Pennington, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Mr. Phillips, Lord Guernsey, Mr. for*,

Mr. Mellish, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir JoknRuJk-out, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Strange, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. itofl//?, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Whichcote, Mr Carter, Mr. Pitt, Nix. Walter, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wore eft er, Warwick, Gloucester, and Hereford; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Preservation Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to loads'0 w^om the to expkin and amend an Act, passed in 03 s‘ the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed to, and several of them were disagreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

/Ttlta for Iht Yt*.; . } i-

T<llmfbrlb<Noe.,|";:^f"; ] ,8.

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re^ve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain.Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 290 die Martii;

Anno 16® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

SIR Miles StapyltoH reported from the Committee, to c»nkt*i whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravensworth and Whajhton, in the County of York, in James Cooke the younger, Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands a ?d Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 2. Leave out from 44 be" to discharged," in Line 4:

L. 15. After Effect," insert and that the Premisses at Ravensworth and Whafiton may be subjected and applied, in the First place, for discharging the Mortgages affecting the Premisses at Gomerfall,

<c Burflall, and Garton, in such Manner as is herein after-mentioned

Pr. 6. L. 3. Leave out Janies Cooke the younger," and insert " Andrew Perrot:"

L. 4, 5. Leave out " James Cooke the younger," and insert " Andrew Perrot

L. 10. After " fame," insert uponTrustnevertheless, that he the said Andrew Perrot, and his Heirs, shall and do, in the First place, by Sale or 46 Mortgage of the Premisses at Ravensworth and Whafh-4< ton, or of a competent Part thereof, raise and levy such u Sum and Sums of Money, as will be sufficient to pay off and discharge the principal Sum of£. 1,000 secured by Mortgage, made of the Premisses at Gomerfall and Burflall, to Margaret Wharton, and the principal Sum of £. 500 secured by Mortgage made of the Premisses at Garton aforesaid, to George Benson, and all Interest attending the fame; and shall and do apply and dil- pose of the Money lo to be raised, in and for the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sums of 44 £.1,000 and £.500, and the Interest thereof accordingly; and also upon Trust, after Payment and Dif-<4 charge of the said principal Sums, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, to convey so much and such Part of the Premisses at Ravensworth and Whajhton, as shall c< remain unfold, and the Equity of Redemption of such Part thereof, as shall be mortgaged unto the said James u Cooke the younger, his Heirs and Assigns:"

Pr. 6. L. 13, 14. Leave out James Cooke the younger," and insert Andrew Perrot."

The First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was,upon thcQuestion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring after the Word Mortgages," these Words,

44 and all other Incumbrances whatsoever:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed Co by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

44 And that the Premisses at Ravensworth and Wkafhun may be subjected and applied, in the First place, for discharging the Mortgages, and all other Incumbrances whatsoever affecting the Premisses at Gomerfall, Burftall',

44 and Garton, in such Manner as is herein after-men-<c tioned."

The

j 6 Geo. II.

-290 Martii.

473

Land Tax

OoDmissioners Names.

Papists Deeds and Wills.

Committee of Privileges, Scc.

Exportation of Gunpowder, See.

The Third and Fourth Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Amendment, made by the Committee to tlae laid Bill, being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereto; viz.

Alter the Words u attending the fame," to insert w and all other Incumbrances whatsoever affecting the 4< laid Estates:"

After " accordingly," lo insert " and of all other In-u cumbrances as aforesaid

After the Words " I mere (I thereof," and before the Words " as aforesaid," to insert " and all other Incum-brances."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, wac, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followerh; viz.

Upon Trust nevertheless, that he the said Andrew Per -rot, and his Heirs, shall and do, in the First place, by Sale or Mortgage of the Premisses at Raven[worth and IVhaJJiton, or of a competent Fart thereof, raise and levy such Sum and Sums of Money as will be fufticienc to pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. i,coo tecured by Mortgage made of the Pre-mi lies at Gomerjail and BurJlall to Margaret Wharton, and the principal Sum of £.500 secured by Mortgage made of the Premisses at Garton aforesaid, to George Benfem, and all Interest attending the fame, and all other Incumbrances whatibever affecting the said Estates, and shall and do apply and dispose of the Money so to be raised in and for the Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sums of£. 1,000 and £. 500, and the Interest thereof accordingly, and all other Incumbrances, as aforesaid; and also upon Trust, after Payment and Discharge of the said principal Sums, and the Interest thereof, and all other Incumbrances as aforesaid, to convey so much and such Part of the Premiflesat Ravenjworth and Whash-ton, as shall remain unfold, and the Equity of Redemption of such Pert thereof as shall be mortgaged unto the said James Cooke the younger, his Heirs and Assigns.

The lait Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying Mi flakes in the Names of the Commisti oners for the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and fort he appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Dcviiecs, and Leftccs, without any Amendment, And then the Mdfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed on any Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from his Majesty s British VoL. 24.

Sinking Fund.

Plantations or Colonies in America, for licensing One hundred additional Hackney Chairs; and for continuing certain Clauses relating to the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace, and of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chair?, and the Rules and Penalties therein mentioned; and for apprehending and punishing the Hawkers of unstampt News Papers, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Laws, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the Importation of Naval Stores from the british Colonies in America, to the additional Number of One. hundred Hackney Chairs; and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; for punishing the Venders of unstampt News Papers, for allowing the Importation of Hemp or Flax, manufactured in Ireland, though not sworn to be of the Growth of Ireland; and for the Relief of Bryan Blundell, in respect to the Duty on some white Salt loft in a Storm at Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis F'ane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bilfj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, except the last, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill (which was the Clause of Appropriation) being read a feconcl time;

The House was moved, That the 85th Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, an Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new Duties on stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; and for securing the reby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of One hundred Eighty-six thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds, for Thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding Two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty’s Occasions; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 116th Section of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to secure a yearly Fund for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, towards her Majesty’s Supply; and for the better securing the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for iupprefting unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same kind; and concerning Cake Soap; and for Relief of Mary Ra-venhall, in relation to an Annuity of Eighteen Pounds per Annum*, and concerning Prize Cocoa Nuts brought from America; and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company and for appropriating the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament; might be read.

6 E And

Cocke's

Ethic:

474

2 90 — 50° — 31° Martii. A. 1743-

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed, with relped to the Clause of Appropriation;

Ti,e House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr , r u v SMt. George Grenville,

Tellers for the Yeas,} Mf ^,

{Mr. Francis Fane,

Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon tkeQuestion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Martii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravensworth and V/hafhton, in the County of Turk, in James Cooke the younger, Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Fifth Amendment, made to the said Bill by the Committee, to whom the same was committed; and, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House; viz.

After " Estates/* to insert the Words at Gomcrjalf " Burftall, and Gar ton, aforesaid :*

After the Words " such Parts thereof/’ and before €< mortgaged/* to insert " fo/*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were a!so severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out <£ James Cooke the younger/* and insert " Andrew Perrot

To leave out the Words " in Fee-simple To leave out " his/* and insert tc the To insert after " Settlement’* the Words cc of James Cooke the younger.’*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dq pass.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the public Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rate for, he Y} 37-

TenersforfheN^j^.^ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing Carts to be drawn with Four Hnrfes.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preservation of public Roads*

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to his Provincial Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- T q^ ^c* tion's, that there may be laid before this House, Copies or Extmdb of Brigadier General Oglethorpe's Letters to Iris Grace the Duke of Newcastle, of the 28th of April, the 12th of May, and the 19th of July, 1741; as also, a Copy or Extract of a Letter from the Secretary of the Lords Justices to Brigadier General Oglethorpe, of the 19th of October 1741, relating to the Provincial Troops and VHE*Is propcled by him as necessary to be continued in Georgia, for his Majesty’s Service, during the War, after the late Siege of Augustine was raised.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii ^IIdI Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sazvyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bethnal to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of &c. St. Dun ft an, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a fe pa-rate and distind Parish, and for erecting a Parish Church therein, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for podwelP* Sale of a Tenement adjoining to Northumberland-house, in Estate. the Strand, Part of the Estate of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sinking Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for apply-Fond, ;ng a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum, therein mentioned, for The Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three , and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to The Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

17

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for Sale of a T enement adjoining to Nort lumber Iand-house9 in the Strand9 Part of the Estate of Sir William Dodivell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Provincial Addressof Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty,; Tioops, &c. and that, in pursuance thereof, he was, by his Majesty’s in Georgia. Commands, to lay before this House,

Extract of a Letter from Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke of Newcastle, Frederica in Georgia, April 28th 1741: *

Ext rad

16 Geo. II. 310 Mart — 12° — 13°

475

far,

i if k;.

Extract of a Letter from Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke ot NewcaJMe, Frederica in Georgia, May

12th 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke of Newcastle, Frederica in Georgia, July 19th 1741; in doling,

Intelligence:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Justices, to Brigadier General Oglethorpe, October 19th

i;4i.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the House;

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pc ruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Lawsrd.iting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Rmpucs to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Vagabonds, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcifengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night (the Twelfth Day of April next,) Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

MartiSj 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

Wriu QB.DE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

rant to ihe LLrk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this pre* lent Parliament for the Borough of Salta/h, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Cleveland Esquire, who, since his Eieftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

Dodwtll’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ate. fol> Sale of a Tenement adjoining to Northumberland-house, in the Strand, Part of the Estate of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Wyndham, Sir Roger New digate, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Edwin, Lord Perceval, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Care zv, Mr. Mm. Finch, Mr. Or me, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Periam, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wat [on, Mr. Lx Jdel I, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Francis Dajlnvood, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Fortefque, Dr. Cotes, Lord Baltimore, Sir Wm. Curew, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fel-lowesy Mr. Archer, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gore, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. B a tikes, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. N. Berkeley, Mr. Cor new all. Sir John H. Cotton, Mr, Alderman Calvert, Mr. Williams, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Philip MuJ'grave, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cole-brooke, Lord Charles Flay, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Onslow, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, Sussex, Northumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Law*relating Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords

to Rogues, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and make

Vagabonds, VOL. 2

more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock

Mercurii, 13° die

Anno 16* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

f \ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War* Grantham rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrii* Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Sir Michael Newton Baronet and Knight of Lhe Bath, deceased.

Sir Thomas Drury reported from the Committee, to Savage’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Agreement, Act for establishing an Agreement between Margaret Savage Spinster, and Elizabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, deceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savage, was committed. That the Committee bad examined the All legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the'Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 28. Leave out " that

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A. and B.

Clause A.

And it is hereby Enacted and Declared, That it (halt and may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Byrche, the Infant, and the Heirs of his Body respectively, and he and they respectively shall and may, from and after the passing this Act, and at all Times hereafter, have, use, afiume and take upon him, them, and every of them, the Surname of Savage; and shall and may, in all Deeds, Writings, Letters, and other Instruments of Writing, be called and stiled by the Surname of Savage, and set, subscribe, and write, his and their Surname Savage to all and every such Deeds, Writings, Letters, and Instruments: Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and Declared,

That the Alteration or Change of the Surname of any of the Persons authorized and required by this Act to take and use the Surname of Savage, shall not in anywise defeat, prevent, prejudice,.or..inter- r rupt, the Descent of any Lands, Tenements, or ffe-reditaments, which they, or any of them, are or may be intitled unto, or defeat, prevent, prejudice, or interrupt, any Right or Title.to thfcm, or any of them, accrued, or to accrue, in or to any real or personal Estate, by any Purchase, Limitation, Devise, Gift, or Bequest, in or by any other Name, Title, or De*

Agnation whatsoever; but that they, and every of them, shall and may have and take all such Estates,

Rights, Interests, Benefit, and Advantage, by such Descent, Purchase, Limitation, Devilc, Gift, or Bequest, or otherwise, as they, every, or any of them, respectively, could or might have done, in case this Act had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause B.

Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and De- . dared. That if the said Thomas Byrche shall die without Issue Male, and the said Elizabeth Byrche dial I

here-

476

130 Aprilis.

A. 1743.

hereafter intermarry, and have any Issue Male by such after-taken Husband, such Issue Male shall, for him-(elf and themselves, his and their Issue Male, have, claim, pnff fs, and enjoy, the Premises hereby veiled in 1 he laid John Biddulph and Philip Smallridge, so Jong as there shall beany Kfue Male of the said Elizabeth Byre he, subject to the Term for Years, and the other Provisions herein before-mentioned.

The First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were Severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 13. After " Body," to insert " Remainder " to the First and other Sons of the said Elizabeth Byrche,

" by any other Husband, successively, and the Heirs of " their respective Bodies;" and in the same Line, after " they," to insert " respectively

Pr. 8. L. 28. After " Condition,"to insert "to the Use " of the First and every other Son of the said Elizabeth " Byrche, by any after-taken Husband to be begotten, successively, according to the Priority of Birth, and the " Heirs of their Bodies, respectively; on Condition, that " he and they, respectively, take upon him and them, respectively, the Surname of Savage, pursuant to the said u Will; and for Default of such lft’ue, or in case of 11 Breach or Non-performance of the said Condition Pr. 11. L. 16. After " Twenty-one Years," to insert " and the said Elizabeth Byrche shall have no other Son " by any after-taken Husband, or there being such Son " or Sons, ail of them shall die without Issue, before any " of them shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years

L. 19. After " Body," to insert " and respective Bodies;" and, in the same Line, after u Byrche to insert " and of such after-born Son and Sons of the " said Elizabeth Byrche, as aforesaid

Pr. m. L.25. After " Infant," to insert "and of such " after-born Son and Sons of the said Elizabeth Byrche,

" as aforesaid."

And the same were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Raven/zvortk and Whajhton, in the County of York, in James Cooke the younger, Gentleman, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, without any Amendment: And also,

Preservation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act «c t°r allowing Carts to be drawn with Four Horses, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum therein mentioned for tfce Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, to the Importation of Navai Stores from the British Colonies in ' America, to the additional Number of One hundred

Cooke*

E(Ute.

Preventing Frauds by Bankrupts.

Roadi.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Exportation of Gunpowder, &c.

Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers givm for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; for punishing the Venders of unstampt Newspapers, for allowing the Importation of Hemp or Flax, manufactureed \n Ireland, though not sworn to be of the Growth of Ireland; and for the Relief of Bryan Blundel, in respect to the Duty on some white Salt loft in a Storm at Sea; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take L^wsreJating into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and make more *'

effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderiy Persons; and to Houses of Correction:

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 15. Leave out the Fit ft " Two," and after " publicly," insert " to

L. 23. Leave out " within the said County:"

L. 27. After " Law," insert " or in case the " Parish, Town, or Place, to which such Person or Persons is or are to be lent, lies in some other County,

" Riding, Division, Corporation, or Franchise, having " separate Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then the Form " shall be as follows; videlicet, To convey the said " to the Parish or Town of that being the First,

" Parish or Town in the next Precinct through which he,

" (he, or they, ought to pass to the said Parish or Town of " to which he, she, or they, is or are to be sent;

cc and to deliver him, her, or them, to the Constable or " other Officer of such First Town or Parish, in such next " Precinct, together with this Pass, and the Duplicate i( of the Examination of the said taking his

" Receipt for the fame; and the said is

iC or are to be thence conveyed on in like manner to the " said Parish or Town of according to the

" Directions of the Act of Parliament in that same made " and provided; and there to be delivered to some " Churchwarden, Chapelwarden, or Overseer of the " Poor of the same Parish, Town, or Place, to be there " provided for according to Law."

Pr. 11. L. 7. After " Act," insert " except such as " shall be apprehended wandering and begging, and not " otherwise offending against this Act

Pr. 12, L. nit. After " them," insert " according to <c the Rates and Allowances appointed by the General " or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, as is by this Act " hereafter directed: "

Pr. 14. L. 41. After " Passage," insert "either in " Whole or in Part

Pr. 15. L. 5. After " aforesaid," insert " returning u the Overplus to such Vagabond or Vagabonds, if any " be:"

Pr. 19. L. 20. After "Vouchers," insert "or in case " any Governor or Mailer of a House of Correction shall " deliver such Certificate and Receipt to any such Treasurer, as aforesaid, such Treasurer shall pay the Rates " therein ascertained to such Governor or Master of a c< House of Correction, taking his Receipt for the same; f< which shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Account,

" on his producing and delivering up such Vouchers Pr. 21. L. 18. After " the," insert " reasonable; " and, in the same Line, after c< of," insert " removing:"

L. 24. After " be," insert " such Charges " being first proved upon Oath before them."

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

The Sixth and Seventh Amendment, being Ieverally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The

i<5 Geo. II. 13" — 14'

The« Eighth Amendment cting read a Second time;

And the Question being pu& That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicenle.

The lublecjuent Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill, being feve rally read a Second time, were, u)on the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby t Ijr House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for di'agrecing :> such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as thi^ House hatcli(agreed to:

And a Com mi: tee was appointed accordingly of Mr. Noel, Air. Geo. G> enville, Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Lee, Mr. II inning ton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Aifiabie, Mr Hooper, Lord S. Beanelerky Mr. Wit ford, Mr. Vane, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkinjou, Sir fof Pennington, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir Jac. Boverie, Mr. Onslow, Sir "Thomas Drury, General Wade, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Lyfler, Mr JVhichcoie, Mr. Scot, Dr. Butler, Mr. Bayntun Ro/t, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Plumer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in thd Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Apr ills'.

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement between Margaret Agreement. Savage Spinster, and Elizabeth Byre he Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, deceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savage, >vas read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Law* Mr. H°°Per reported from the Committee appointed

relating to Yesterday to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords

Rogu«, Vc- at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amend-gabomli, &c. ments> made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend ancj make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Per(bns; and to Houses of Cprreftion; as this House hath dilagrecd to That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the rioule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

and other idle and disorderly Perfofts; and to Houses of Correction.

The Commons agree to all the Amendments, made "’by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and nuke more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; except to the Amendment in Prds 12, Line the last, and the Amendment in Press 19, Line 2C.

To'the Amendment in Press 12. Line the last, of the said Bill, the Commons disagree,

Vol. 24.

> — 150 Aprilis. 477

Because the Allowance for passing and conveying Rogues, Vagabonds, and incorrigible Rogues, is, by the said Amendment, limited to be according to the Rates and Allowances appointed at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, as is by the Bill after directed: For, though the Clause to which this Amendment refers, directs the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to appoint such Rates and Allowances, and requires all Justices of the Peace to observe and fub-mit to such Rates and Allowances so appointed; yet, since the Bill, as to the Pafling and Conveying of Rogues, Vagabonds, and incorrigible Rogues, will commence before such Rates and Allowances can possibly be appointed at the General or Quarter Sessions, the Commons conceive, that, in the mean time, the Allowance for passing and conveying mud of Necessity be ascertained by the Discretion of the justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall make the Pass; and that, consequently, before such Rates and Allowances shall be appointed at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the Limitation, proposed by your Lordships in this Amendment, will be improper,-and, after such Appointment, unnecessary.

The Commons also disagree to the Amendment, made by your Lordships in Press 19. Line 20. of the said Bill (which Amendment directs the Treasury of the County to pay to the Governor of the House of Correction the Rates ascertained in the Certificate by him delivered, and directs such Payment to be allowed in the said Treasurer’s Account);

Because such Payment and Allowance are sufficiently provided for by the Bill; and the Commons observe, that the unnecessary Specification of particular Rules doth, in some Cafes, Weaken the Force of general Directions.

The Commons decline, at this time, offering any other Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments, made by your Lordships; apprehending that the Reasons already given will induce your Lordships not to infill upon the said Amendments, that so necessary a Bill may not be loft.

The said Report being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " that so necessary a Bill may " not be loft

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Report, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do go to* the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Aprilis

Anno 16° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Praye rs.

JDESOLVED, That an humble Addressbe presented. Confering to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased Dignity on to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Arthur Young, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his

Majest/s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Winnington reported to the House, That he hav- Laws ing, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire relating to a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amend- &c~

ments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dilor-derly Persons; and td Houses of Correction; the Lords do 6 F agree

AnfVer

Address.

Escape of Prisoners.

478 150 — 18° kJprllis. 1743'

agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to, do manage the Conference:

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Hooptr reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 18*;

.Ju '

Anno x6* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday lad (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Ai'thur Toting, Chaplain to this House), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, that he will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Arthur Young, Chaplain of this House, as is desired.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall assist or encourage Prisoners to escape:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2. After cc shall," insert " Aid or;" and in the same Line, leave out " or encourage

L. 3. Before " escape," insert " attempt to and after " escape," insert " out of lawful Custody :H

L. 11, i2.t Leave out " in his or her Escape or," and insert " to

L. 12. Before the Second cc Escape," insert " make his or her

L. 13. Leave out<c Prison," and insert <c ariy

Gaol

L. 14. Leave out " shall be,* and insert " then

" was

L. 15. Before " Felony," insert " any and after " Felony," insert <c except petty Larceny

L. 16. Leave out " Prison," and insert " Gaol L. 17. Before " Felony," insert " any;" and after Felony," insert " except petty Larceny

L. 23. After " Years," insert " and in case such M Prisoner then was convicted of, committed to, or detained in, any Gaol, for petty Larceny, or any other u Crime, not being Treason or Felony, expressed in the " Warrant of his or her Commitment or Detainer, as aforesaid, or then was in Gaol, upon any Process what-ic soever, for any Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums f< of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of " One hundred Pounds, every Person so offending as c< aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall " be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a Mifde-w meanor; for which he or she shall be liable to a Fine and Imprisonment

L 28. Leave outc< disguising Apparel," and insert w other Disguise

L. 31. Leave out u such L. 32, 33. Leave out " so convicted or at- tainted, commuted or detained," and insert " in any such Gaol

L. 39. Leave out disguising Apparel," and insert €€ or other Disguise

L. ult. After " and, " insert u in case such Pri-tc foner then was attainted or convicted of Treason of <c any Felony, except petty Larceny, or lawfully committed to, or detained in, any such Gaol for Treason,

" or any Felony, except petty Larceny, expressed in the " Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, every Person " so offending and and after " thereof," insert " lawfully

Pr. a. L. 4. Leave out " and, " and insert " but

L. 5. After €< Vizor," insert " or Disguise :M L. 6. Leave out " Apparel L. 7. Leave out " shall be," and insert <c then " was;" and in the feme Line, leave out "or attainted

L. 8. After <c for," insert " petty Larceny or;* and in the feme Line, after " any," insert " other:

L. 10. Leave out " shall beimpriioned . L. 14. Leave out from " Person" to c< shall,* in the 18th Line, and insert u so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted

L. aa After " be," insert " in like manner," and leave out such," and insert aand after 44 Imprisonment," leave out to the End of the Bill, and add Clauses marked A, B, and C.

Clause A.

And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, aid or assist any Prisoner to attempt to make his or her Escape from the Custody of any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Officer or Person, who shall then have the lawful Charge of such Prisoner, in order to carry him or her to Gaol, by virtue of a Warrant of Commitment for Treason, or any Felony, except petty Larency, expressed in such Warrant, then ever Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to One of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America for the Term of Seven Years.

Clause B.

Provided always, and be it Enacted, That there (half be no Protection for any of the said Offences, un-lefi such Prosecut ion be commenced within One Year after such Offence committed.

Clause C.

And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall be ordered for Transportation, in pursuance of this Act, shall return from Transportition, or be at large in any Part of Great Britain, without some lawful Cause, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or she shall have been ordered to be transported, every such Person shall be liable to the feme Punishment, and to the? like Methods of Prosecution, Trial, and Conviction, for returning from such Tran sport at ion, or for being at large in any Part of Great Britain, as other Felons transported, or ordered to be transported, are liable unto by virtue of the Laws now in Force.

To the Title of the Bill,

L. 2. After shall," insert <4 aid or;" and leave out or encourage t"

L. 3. After " to," insert attempt toand after * escape," insert out of lawful Custody."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being fc-verally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, being read a Second time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereto; viz.

After the Words expressed in such Warrant," to insert " or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting to any Felon to attempt to make his Escape from on board any Boat, " Ship, or Vessel, carrying Felons for Transportation, or

from

Sarage’t

A&recnent.

OfEcei and

l«p|0JMcu(S.

Privilege.

Cain* Writ.

16 Geo. II. 18° — r 90 — 20° 479

from the Contractor for the Transportation of such Felons, his Assignsor Agents, or any other Person, to whom such Felon shall have been iawfully delivered, *' in order for Transportation

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Then the said Clause, so amended, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third titne; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the last Amendment, was read a Second titne; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments, made by the Lords to the Title of the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4 . , . _T_____- ——

Martis, 19 di;

Anno 16° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743. Praters.

AMES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement between Margaret Savage Spinster, and Elisabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Coheirs of Thomas Savage Esqu'rre, deceased, relating to che Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thctpas Savage: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending lb much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Reculants, as relatesto the Time for receiving the Sacrament of the Loro’s Supper, now limited by the Lid Act, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Roderick Richards, with about Twenty other Persons, upon the j8th Day of March last, in a forcible Manner, entered she Estate of 'Thomas Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House, situate at Darren, in the Parish of -

vawr, in the County of Cardig, and delivered Possession thereof to William Raul (who immediately employed Men to dig there for Lead Ore), in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of , in the

room of Lieutenant Colonel William Elliot, who, sincehis *Voi.

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Equerries to his Majesty.

Sir Charles Wyndham reported from the Committee, Dodwell’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Tenement adjoining to house, in the Strand Part of the Estate of Sir William

Dodwell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arifrng thereby in the PurcLafe of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 16° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- officers on suant to their Address to his Majesty, the British

A Lift of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, and Captains, Lieutenants, Second Lieutenants, Cornets and Ensigns, of his Majesty’s Forces on the British Establish- n1en ment, and on the Establishment for

and the British Plantations in America, with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the First Commissions which such Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants had in the Army: And allb,

A Lift of the Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors,

Captains, Lieutenants, Cornets, and Ensigns, of his Majest/s Forces on the Irish Establishment, with the Dates of their respective Commissions as such; and also the Dates of the First Commissions which such Colonels,

Lieutenant Colonels, Majors, Captains, and Lieutenants, had in the Army.

And die Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the writ. Electing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, in the roomjof George Dundas Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Master of his Majesty’s Works in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dodwell’* for Sale of a Tenement adjoining to Northumberland-houfs, Estate. in the Strand, Part of the Estate of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the feme Uses, was read the Third time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Benntt and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Escape of this House to One of the Amendments, made by their Prisoner*. lxirdships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall assist or encourage Prisoners to escape.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

4®° 20° — 2i° A. 1743.

Committee of Otdcicds That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-P/ivilegcs, tions be adjourned, itc.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,21° die Aprilis;

Anno 16* Georgii IF' Regis, 1743. Prayers.

Southwark f~\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker doiflue his Warrant

Wriu to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of aBurgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Surrey, in the room of Thomas Esquire, deceased.

Royal A(lent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles,

to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commahds this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum therein mentioned, lor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for continuing several Laws, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-maAe Gunpowder, to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in Americato the additional Number of One hundred Hackney Chairs, and to the Powers given for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; for punishing the Venders of unstampt Newspapers; for allowing the Importation of Hemp or Flax manufactured in Ireland, though not sworn to be of the Growth of;

and for the Relief of Bryan Blundel, in respect to the Duty on some white Salt loft in a Storm at Sea:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two; and for the appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Iaiw, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, as relates to (he Time for receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, now limited by the said Act:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and ftr Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devilees, and Lessees;

An Act for the further Punishment of Persons who shall aid or assist Prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful Custody:

An Act for allowing Carts to be drawn with Four Horses:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;

*7

An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middle-

fen, a separate and distinct Parish, and for erecting a Parish Church therein:

An Act for Sale of a Tenement adjoining to Northumberland-house, in the Strand, Part of the Estate of Sir William Dodwell Knight, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Isles:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in Ravenficort h and fVhaJhtou, in the County of in Andreza Perrot Gentleman, discharged of the Uses and

Trusts of the Marriage Settlement of fames Cooke the younger, and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act for establiflvng an Agreement between Margaret Savage Spifter, and Elizabeth Byrche Widow, Two of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Thomas Savage Esquire, deceased, relating to the Settlement and Disposition of the real and personal Estate of the said Thomas Savage.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most TieKing'i gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; sf*ech-

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Zeal, Prudence, and Dispatch, with which you have carried on the public Business, during the Course of this Session, give me the greatest Satisfaction.

That this Nation, and the common Cause may reap the most beneficial Fruits of your vigorous Resolutions, I have, at the Requisition of the Queen ordered

my Army, in conjunction with the Troops, to

pass the Rhine, as Auxiliaries to her Hungarian Majesty; and for her Support and Assistance; and to oppose any dangerous Measures that might assess the Balance and Liberties of Europe, or hinder the lle-estab'ishment of the public Tranquillity upon just and solid Foundations, I have continued a strong Squadron in the Mediterranean, and another in the West Indies, in order to carry on the great Work ofdiftreffingourEnemics the Spaniards, and reducing them to safe and honourable Terms of Peace, as well as of maintaining the Rights of Navigation and , . Commerce belonging to my Subjects; and, from the former of thele Squadrons, my Allies in have found, and still continue to receive, a most useful and advantageous Supporc.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the ample Supplies which you have granted for the Service of the current Year; and which, you may be allured, shall be applied to those great Ends for which they were given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have a firm Confidence in your good Affcftions; and it is the fixed Purpose of my Heart to promote the true interest and Happiness of my Kingdoms: In Return for this, I expect, on your Part, that you will exert your best Endeavours, in your respective Stations, 10 render my Government eaiy, and to preserv the Peace and Quiet of the Nation.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, faic|.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this PsrNrfnt Parliament be prorogued to Tuesdaythe Seventh Day of P‘cro.-ud-June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Seventh Day of June next.

yi2D

y

y

17 Geo. II. 70 Junii2 2° Novembris. 4si

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

- T y

'.Martis% 70 l^j

Anno Georgii II^Rc^S, 1743

H E House being met, according to the last Proro-JL gation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sr William Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black

Rod:.

Mr. Speaker, ' f " \

The Lords, authorized by. virtue of his Majesty’s <?om-mission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until day the Fourteenth Day of July next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

Fourteenth Day of July next.

Jovis, 140 die

Anno 17° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation j

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Corn-million, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until day the Twenty-fifth Day of August next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of August next.

Jovis, 25° dAugufti;

Anno 17* Georgii II" Regis, 1743.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commit fion read.

/'Accordingly', Mf^peaker, yidv the Honfr, went up tmthei-House of Peeix: Where the Commission was read, for'5h<‘further Proroguing of t^e Parliament until Thursday the Thirteenth Day of next: Arid the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Thirteenth Day of October next.

1 i \;

Jovis 130 die OBobris \

' Anno 170 Georgii IP* Regis, 1743.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Ward, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until day the Twenty-second Day of next: And the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Twenty-second Day of November next.

Martis, 220 di Novembris; Anno 17* Georgii II" Regis, 1743.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the First Day of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the First Day of December next.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Vbfc. 24.

*G

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE (/COMMONS.

Seff, 1743 — 4.

Jovis, i° die Decembris;

Anno 17* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1743.

Me&geto A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles *5:* e /A Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod; g' L JL Mr. Speaker,

The King commands, this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Members Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the take Oaths. Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuance to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Clandestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing ckndestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First tim,e.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The King’s ' Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Speech re- his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty ported* Was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Tljrone, to both Houses of Parliament^ of which Mr. 'Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House j and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

SINCE your last Meeting, I have, pursuant to your Advice, and in consequence of your Support, exerted my Endeavours for the Preservation of the House of Au-Jlria, and the Maintenance of the Balance and Liberties of Europe. It has pleased God to give Success to our Arms, in Conjunction with those of the Queen of Hungary, and as her Auxiliaries. The Dominions of that Princess have been intirely evacuated by her Enemies; and the powerful Armies, which had marched to their Af-‘fiftance, have been obliged to retire out of the Empire. In this Conjuncture, it is a great Satisfaction to me to acquaint you, that I have been joined by a Body of Troops of my good Friends and Allies the States General.

In further Prosecution of these Measures, the Definitive Treaty between me, the Queen of Hungary, and the King of Sardinia, has been happily concluded; which shall be laid before you. The Advantages which cannot fail to result from this Alliance to the common Cause are apparent; and it will be particularly conducive to the Interests of my Kingdoms, by difuppointing the ambitious Views of the Crown of Spain, with which we are engaged in (0 just and necessary a War. As I make no doubt but you will proceed upon these Foundations with Firmness and Constancy, we may reasonably hope to see the public Tranquillity re-established, and a general and honourable 23

Peace obtained. These are my View?, to which my utmost Attention and Resolution shall not be wanting: But, in order to bring about thele great Ends, Measures of Vigour are necessary; and, to enable me to concert anfd carry on such Measures, I do, with a just Confidence, rely on your zealous, chearful, and effectual Support.

The Marriage 01 my youngest Daughter with the Prince Royal of Denmark, cannot but give Satisfaction to all my good Subjects, as it tends to cement and strengthen the Pnotcftao): Interest in Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

J hav,e opdere^ the Estimates to be laid before yot) for the Service of the ensuing Year; and desire you to grajit me such Supplies as shall be requisite for the Honoupand Security of the Nation, and adequate to the Exigencies of tfre Public.

In doing this, let me particular))' recommend it foyga, tq enable me to concert proper Measures, and to entfr into, and make good, such Alliances and Engagements with other Powers, as may be necessary for the Support of the Queen of Hungary, and restoring the Balance of Pow'er.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have had such Experipnce of youp Duty and AffcClion to me, and of your "Zeal for the Good of your Country, that it woipld be superfluous to ad<) a/iy tiding to pfsfs these important Confederations upon you: ijn.ion and Harmony amongst ourselves, and Vigour and pifpatch in your Proceedings, are inJjfpenlalpfy neceflaty in such Conjunctures. Let nothing obstruct or divert youir Siep-diness and Application to the great Ends which I have laid before ypu; and be assured^, that nothing can ever divert me from jpupfuing your true and )aftipg Ioteffftf

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to re- the King’s turn his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most Speech, gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty upon hisfafe and happy Return into this Kingdom, after the Dangers to which his Sacred Person has been exposed, in Defence of the common Cause, and of the Liberties of Europe-,to acknowledge his Majesty’s Re-

gard and Attention to the Advice of his Parliament, in exerting his Endeavours for the Preservation of the House of Aujiria-, to cong.’atulate his Majesty on the Success of his Arms, in the Prosecution of this great and necessary Work, with so much Glory to his Majesty, and Honour to this Nation; to affine his Majesty, that nothing could be more welcome to his faithful Commons, than to hear that he was joined by a Body of the Troops of the Srates General, whole Interests and those of this Country are inseparable; to declare our Satisfaction in his Majesty’s having concluded aDefinitive Treaty between his Majesty, the Queen of Hungary, and the King of which

Alliance

i° Ekcembris.

17 Geo. II. i* —

Sussex

Writ.

Lewet

Writ.

Ditto.

Exeter

Writ.

Eye

Writ.

Thetford

Writ.

278-

149.

» Alliance must naturally contribute to the Advantage of the common Cause, and to the Disappointing and Distressing of the Crown of Spain, with which this Nation is engaged i.n so just and necessary a War; to congratulate his Majesty on the happy Marriage of her Royal H'ghness the Princess Louisa with the Pripce Rqyal of and

oa the Increase of his Majesty’s Royal Family by the Birth of a Prince; to allure Jus Majesty that we \yiH, with the greatest Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, grant to his Majesty such effectual Supplies as shall be found re-quisite for the Honour and Security of this Nation, and as may enable his Majesty to concert such Alliances, and pursue with Vigour such Measures, as may be necessary for re-establishing the public Tranquillity, and procuring a lafe and honourable Peace;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,* "r;

Tellers for the Noes ^r'

1 eliers for the INoes, Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Refutation:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Coke, Mr. Butler, Mr. Torke, Mr. Tow Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Lord , Mr.

Oglethorpe, Mr. Winnington, Lord Perceval, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Barnard, Mr* tre, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Sqlicitor General, Sir 'Thomas

Drury, Sir John Crosse, Lord Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. , Mr Brand, Mr. Varner, Mr Finch, Lord Gage, Lord Vert Beauclerk, Mr. Wm. Finch, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Mr.

Monson, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Plumer, Colonel Ingram, Lord George Graham, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. Gage, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir James Grant, Lord Mr. Lejley, Sir Edmund Thomas; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s mqfl gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Ji,le<5Hng of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the ropm of Charles Fitzroy Esquire, who, ltnce his Electiop for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Qroom Porter within all his Majesty’s Houses in England, and fffewhere.

1

Ordered, That Mf. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Aldbormigh the Clerk of the Cro, wn> to make out a new Writ, for the rit‘ Electing of a Burgefj to serve in this present Parliament fqr tfte Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of John Jewkes Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Haverford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Lifting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Haverford West, in the room of Sir Erasmus Philipps Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Newton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament fqr the Borough of Newton, in the county of ,

in the room of William Skippen Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2° die Decembrist

Anno 17" Georgii IIdi ffegis, 1743.

Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion Grand

do lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committee*.

Ordered, That t;he Grand Corqmittee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Electing of a Rnight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stffex, in th.e room of the Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee

Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, who, fincp his tions be appointed: of Privileges.

Ejeftion for the said County, hath accepted th.e Office of And a Committee was appointed of Dr. Mr.

First Commissionsr for executing the Office of Treasurfr Yorke, Mr. Gyb bon, Mr Sir Thomas Drury, Sir

of his Majesty’s Exchequer. IV. IV. Sir Thomas Wynn, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Downing, Mr. Sir John Cojton, ty/r.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warfailt to the Ga/hry, Mr. Wynn, Mr. of Mr.

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Owen, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Rosse, Mr. Martin, Lord Electing of a Burgeft to ferye in this pyefent Parliament Perceval, Colonel Mordaunt,' Lord Gage, Sir James for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Stffex, in Grant, Mr. General St. Clair, Amiral

the room of John Trevor Esquire, deceased. non. General Wade, Mr. , Mr. Cope, Lord Dup-

plin, Mr. Lifter, Dr. Butler, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Godol-Ordered, That Mr- Speaker fio issue his Warrant to pbin, Mr. Roll, Mr. Archer, Mr. Maule, Sir Miles Sta-the plerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for pylton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Watson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Scot the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this pyefent Parlia- Mr. General Wentworth, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pilf-

ment for the said Borough of Lewes, in the room of worth. Sir Mr. Mr. Secretary at

Thomas Pelham junior, Esquire, deceased. Wat, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Edward Dering, Sir

Charles Wyndham, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lord

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Middlesex, Mr. Barrel, Mr. , Mr. Cary, Sir

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a pew Writ for the Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sir Charles

Rfefting of a Citizen tq serve in this present Parliament Gilmour, Lord , Mr. West, Mr. Hamilton,

for the City of Exgter, in the room of Sir Hewy North- Mr. Aldewnan Heathcote, Mr. Fonereau, Mr cote Baronet, deceased. Lord George Graham, Mr. Ofbaldeftov, Mr. Townsend,

Mr. Watson, Mr. Speke, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Plumptre, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Dr.

Clerkof the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elect- Newland, Colonel Mr Mr. Cotton,

ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Ms. White, Ms. Metcalfe, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room Major Selwyn, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr.

of the Honourable Stephen Cornwallis Esquire, deceased. Bligh, Mr. Corbet, Sir James Dashwood, Mr.

crombie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Grant: And they are to meet Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant io the upon Wednesday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock, in the yqj.. 24. Afternoon,

Ufnal

Orders.

2* Decembris. 1743*

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returifs, Elections, and Privileges: and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Elettion of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching F.le&ions, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured lo to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect. of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indire6Uy, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the ut-raoft Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this Housei or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between 'Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by CaH, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Patfage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in ffeft-minster-hally or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon* and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, fVedne/day, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to theii known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaftet General.

3l

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for Private Bills, private Bills after the First Day of February next.

Resolved,

in Geo. II. 2° — 30Decembris. 483

Refilled, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lids, the several Heads of Objection, arid distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voter's excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Parti to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Westlooe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

WriL the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledfng of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias WeJ/ooe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wager Knight, deceased.

Addrefeon Mr. Coke reported from the Committee, appointed the King’* Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Speech, Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subject?, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return our humble Thanks for veur Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on your safe and happy Return into this Kingdom; and, with Hearts full of Gratitude, we acknowledge the Goodness of Divine Providence to this Nation, in protecting your Majesty’s Sacred Person amidst the imminent Dangers to which your invaluable Life has been exposed, in Defence of the common Cause, and of the Liberties of Europe. Your Majesty’s Regard and Attention to the Advice of your Parliament, in exerting your Endeavours for the Preservation of the House of Austria, require our warmed Acknowledgments; and it is with the highest Satisfaction we reflect on the Succels of your Majesty’s Arms, in the Prosecution of this great and necessary Work, with so much Glory to your Majesty, and Honour to this Nation.

As the Interests of this Kingdom and those of the United Provinces are inseparable, nothing could be more welcome to your Majesty’s faithful Commons, than your Majesty’s having been joined by a Body of the Troops of \ the States General.

We beg Leave to declare our Satisfaction in your Mar jesty’s having concluded a Definitive Treaty between your Majesty, the Queen of Hungary., and the King of Sar- diniay an Alliance, which must naturally contribute to the Advantage of the common Cause, and to the disappoint* ing and distressing the Crown of Spain, with which this Nation is engaged in fojuft and necessary a War.

It is with the sincerest Joy that we congratulate your Majesty on the happy Marriage of the Princess Louisa with the Prince Royal of Denmark, which tends to unite and strengthen the Protestant Interest in Europe.

We likewise beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on the Increase of your Royal Family, by the Birth of a Prince; as it is an additional Pledge and Security for the Continuance of the Protestant Succession in your Royal House.

Your faithful Commons beg Leave to allure your Majesty, that they will, with the greatest Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, grant to your Majesty such effectual Supplies as shall be found requisite for the Honour and Security of this Nation, and as may enable your Majesty to concei t

Vol. 24.

such Alliances, arid ptitfue with Vigour, such Measures as may be necessary for the re-establishing the bublic Tranquillity, and procuring a safe and honourable react.

The said Address* being read a Second time, was, iipon the Question ptlt thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That' the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole ;House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House;

Resolved, Nemihe contradicente, That a congratulatory Me&ge to Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Prince Prince of and Princess of Wales, on the joyful Occasion of her Wklcs» &c-Royal Highness being happily delivered of a Prince.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wyndharti, Mr. Go dolphin.

Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Cope, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Scot, Mr, Downing, and Mr. Darner, do attend their Royal Highnesses with the said Message.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to The King’s both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideraticin Speech to be Tomorrow Morning* considered.

And then the tloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 3* die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his T;me

Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to appointed for the Order of Yesterday), humbly to know his Majesty's receiving Pleasure when he would be attended by this House, had Address. been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Chatham subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Par- Hoad, liament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St.

Dunstan s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money arising by the Tolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road be^ tween the Town of Chatham and iHoughton under the Bleane, in the said County of Kent', was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1730, for repairing the said Roads, containing in Length about Twenty-five Miles; and that the Trustees appointed by the said Act, finding the same Roads in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, they were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to put and keep the same in Repair; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls col-leded by virtue of the said Act, has been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereby given; and that the Sum of One thousand Pounds remains still unpaid; and that the Petitioners find the Money now due on the Credit of the said Act cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads, during the Residue of the said Term now subsisting, be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

6 H Ordered,

\0^tf^69SDecemkris. A 1745.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be;referred.to the Coii-fid^rion of a Committee: And that they do examine t^e.fatter thereof, and report the fame, as.it shall ap-spear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward peering, Mv.Wat/bn, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Rest, Mr. Bramston, General Qft/low, Mr. Chester, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr,\, Crawley,. Mr. Cope,

Mr. Go dolphin^ My. Charles Gore, Mr. Thomas, Gore, Mr. Harley, Mr. Phil. Herbert, Mr. Popham, , Mr. Prowse, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Moj-ftaunt,. Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rufti, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Drury, Colonel Bockland, Lord Guernsey, Mr, Bance, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sir. Charles Wynd-

ham, Mr. Downing, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Martin; and all the Members who serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The King’s The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Speech into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to considered. pjoufes of Parliament:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Supply. And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 50die Decembrist

Anno 17* Georgii II4' Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Answer to A yTR. Speaker reported. That the House attended his Address. l\jL Majesty, upon Saturday last, with their Add red: To which, his Majesty was pieced to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thauks for this dutiful and affectionate Address.

The unanimous Support of my faithful Commons will add great Weight to my Endeavours for the public Service, and be the surest Means of bringing the great Work, which, by your Advice I am engaged in? to an honourable and happy Conclusion.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Spee£h to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee. 1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the dime.

livered of;a Prince; aftd that his Ro/al H'ghness was 4p|£a&d to give this Answer: -

Gentlemen,

1 thank you for this Mark of your Duty to the King, and Regard to me.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, ' 6° dieDe;

Anno 17° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Andrew Lindegren, of London, LinHegrcn’i Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; IMac. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. War burton and Mr. Robert Williams do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of certain'Fen Ely Few Lands lying in Ely and So ham Level, in the ljleof Ely and damage. County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto fub-icribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Fen Lands contain about Three thousand Acres; but are so frequently overflowed with Water, through the Defect of the Outfall to Sea, that the Petitioners have very often little Benefit thereof \ nor can the same be effectually drained and preservd, without the Aid of Parliament, to enable thcPetitioners topre-serve and keep the same drained for the future: And therefore, and inasmuch as the said Fen Lands, when effectually drained, will not only be of much Profit to thcPetitioners, but also of great Benefit to the Public, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill into this House for the more effectual Draining and Preservation of the filid Fen Lands, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jenyns, Lord Palmerston,

Mr.Shepheard, Mr. West, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Chester, Mr. Leathes, Sir Philip Musgrave. Lord Granard, Mr. Torke, Mr. Martin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Le~ vefon Gower, Mr. Pryfe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr. Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Ccrua-ties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,. Norfolk, Suffolk, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per Los, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire: And also, , ptnbj,h &c A Petition of the' several Persons, whole Names, are Ekdioli. thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, ancj read; severally complaining of an undue Election :^nd Return for the Teverai Boroughs of Denbigh, Rut hyp, and Holt, in the County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Seventh Day of February next

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported fton> Supply< Morning. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rer

ferred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted Prince of Sir Charles Wynclham reported to the House, That his to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed Wales* An- Royal Highness the Prince of Wales had been attended him to report to the House; which he read in his Place* fWer to Mef- with the congratulatory Message of this House, upon the and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where 6ic- joyful Occasion of her Royal Highness being happily de- the same was read; and is as fofloweth; viz.

20 Refolded,

Navy and Army F.f-timatci, &c.

Prohibited East India Goods.

17'Geo. II. 6° — 70 487

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corrirnittee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Refutation being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the Taid Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mdrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1744, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and othe^r Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744, be laid'before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1744, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1744, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be iaid before this House of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1744.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three have been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be lard before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half-years ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty* That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimatcs, Ljft, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Decembris;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that forne of Hie Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; They were called ih; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at St. Helens, in the Port of London, at Michaelfnai 1742; what have been since brought in, what exported1, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1743: And also,

An Account of prohibited East IndiaGood remaining in the Warehouses at Leadenhdll and Fenchiirch-street, in e Port of London, at Michaelmas 1742; what have been Vql. 24.

since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1743: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1742; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1743 And also,

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, that remained in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports of England at Michaelmas 1742; together with an Account of what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1743: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helenf, Leadcnhallftreety and Cudom-house, in tjbe Port of London, since Michaelmas 1742, in order to be dyed, glazed,^.; what have been returned, aijd what Remained out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1743: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rvjfia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1,742, to Michaelmas 1743: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1742, to Michaelmas 1743.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Philip Cavendish Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Ejfeqt iji the room of John PhillipJ'on Esquire, w'ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased forthwith to give Orders and Directions, That the Sixteen thousand Hanoverians, now in the Pay of Great Britain, be no longer continued in the Service of this Nation after the Twenty fifth Day of thisinstant December;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the l8l‘

Telk.foe.heNoe,^"

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

PortsmoutU

Writ.

Harwich

Writ.

Answer to Address,

Hanoverian

Troops.

Supply.

Chatham

Hoad.

Harlow

Hoad.

488

8° Decembr.

A. 1.74$.

Jovisy 8° die Decembris;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

SIR Edward Dering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dun-JlaiCs Cro/s, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former Act as appropriates Part of the Money arising by the Tolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham znd Bought on under the Bleane, in the said County of Kent; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of the said Act of the Third of his present Majesty was read: And,

Thomas Lake, Surveyor of the said Roads, gave Evidence, that the Roads mentioned in this Petition contain in Length 15 Miles:

And farther gave Evidence, that they are at present in a very bad Condition; particularly between Rinham and Chatham

The said Surveyor also produced an Account of the Money received and disbursed by virtue of the said Act; whereby it appeared, that there remains a Debt of One thousand Pounds upon the said Tolls: Which last Particular was confirmed by Mr. James Hanson; who produced an Alignment of the Tolls given as a Security for the said Debt of £. 1,000; and said further,

That the said Debt cannot be repaid, nor the Roads be effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and enlarged Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan% Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Edward Dering, Sir Roger Twifden, Mr. Watjun, and Mr. Best, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Great Che-fierford, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, being Twenty-five Miles, or thereabouts, in Length, is, by reason of the Soil thereof, and of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are almost impassable for W aggons and Carriages, and also for Horses laden; and other Parts are dangerous to Travellers; and in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Churfe appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, without some other Provision be made for that Purpose: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a #ill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, General Onslow, Mr. Berkley, Admiral Heathcote, Mr.

Chester, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Proby, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Leehmere. Lord Guernsey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Go dolphin. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Hi/Jbo-rough, Mr. Powney, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Chetwynd\

Sir James Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Overseew posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige 10 Overseers of the Poor to produce Poor’s Rates; iw^t*

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " to " oblige," and insert the Words " with respect to," instead thereof; and by leaving out the Words " to " produce," and inserting the Word " and" indeed thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " to " oblige" (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,:

Tellers for the Noes, \ JJj;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

ioo#

99.

Then the main Question being put,

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige Overseers of the Poor to produce Poor’s Rates.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington and Mr. West do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Evetham unto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act: of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from th£ Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wor-cester\ and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants dwelling and residing in and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie, and many other Persons which frequently travel through the said Roads, as likewise of Hannah Mence, of the City of Worcester, Widow, Relict: and Administratrix of Samuel Mence Gentleman, deceased, James Smith, of Bosbury, in the County of Hereford, Gentleman, and Hannah Wymt, of Bezvdly, in the County of Worcester, Spi niter, Devifce of Elizabeth Humphreys Widows deceased. Creditors under the said Act; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted and made payable by the said Act, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing of several Roads leading to and from the said Borough of Evesham; which, computed together, amounted in Length to Twenty-three Miles, or thereabouts; which Roads, at the Time of passing the said Act, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages frequently passing though the fame, were so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof were impassable for Waggons and Carriages, and also for Horses laden; and other Parts were dapgerous even to Travellers; and that the Trustees; appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, finding the said Roads (which lie in the Vale of Evesham) to be . so very ruinous at the Time of passing the said Act, and the yearly Income arising from the said Tolls not sufficient to amend the lame, were obliged to borrow the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds upon the Credit of the said Tolls (as they were impowered by the said Act so to do) in order to make the same passable; which Money so borrowed, or the greatest Part thereof, is still due and owing to the said Hannah Mencet James

Smith,

L.

Surpluflc*.

LindegreiTs

Nat.

Ship>, kc. it Commission.

Supply.

17 Geo. II. 8° — 90 — 10

Smithy and Hannah Wynn; and that such Parts of the said Roads as have already been amended, unless constant Care be taken to look after the fame, and keep them in Repair, will, by the Deepness of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages which frequently pals over them, in a short time become ruinous again, and impassable; and that the Money now due to the several Mortgagees cannot, during the subsiding Term be repaid, unless the Term and Powers, by the said Act granted, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Deerburst, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lechmere, Lord Hillsborough, Sir John Rujhouty Lord Barringtony Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Brere-tofiy Mr. Winnington, Lord Guernsey, Mr. West, Mr. Edwiiiy Sir Roger New digate, Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Chejiety Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Smithy Mr. Prowje, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Wigley, Sir Edmund Thomas, Dr. Newland, Mr. Whit-more, Mr. Wrighty Mr.' Legge% Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. OJbaldeJlony Mr. Fox, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoptotiy Mr. John Martin, Mr. Watson; and all the Members who i’erve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Salopy Hereford\ and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1743: And also, Surpluses dated at Michaelmas 1743.

And the Titles of the said Surpluses were read. Ordered^ That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Surpluses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. War bur ton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Andrew Lindegreny of London, Merchant: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That an Account of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels, now in Commission, specifying their respective Complements of Men, with an Account of the N umbers borne in each Shipand Vessel, from theladTwo Months Abstract, preceding the 25th of December 1732, for those Ships which were in Commission before that time, and for those which have been commissioned ffnee, from their Fird Muder, after they were put in Commission, to this Time} specifying the Time when, and Place where, each Two Months Muder was made; be laid before this House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

VOL. 24.

489

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame". ';

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mt. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,rY\\2X this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to jjs Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1 o° die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Abraham Spaldings of London, Mer- Spalding’* chant, was presented to the House, and read; pray- Nat. ing, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren, of London, Merchant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tire Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That William privilege. Howard, William Harris, William Hedges, and John Branton, Serjeants to the Mayor of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, aflided by David Roche Constable, did, at Waterford aforesaid, on the Tenth Day of September lad, at the Suit of Edward Cooke Esquire, and by the Direction of Samuel Barkery his Artorney, arred and detain in Cudody Andrew Crotty, a menial Servant of the Right Honourable the Earl of Barrimorey a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege thereof;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from s . the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directea him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Forty Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1744, beginning from the Fird Day of January 1743.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ^r#y# ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meant. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 1

490 12" — 13°

Lance*) 12° die Decembris;

Anno I f Georgii Ildi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

ANDREW Undegren and Abraham Spalding took the " Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Dr. New- Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Newcombe, Maf-

combe to ter of St. John's College in Cambridge, be desired to 3<Sj^nuary. Preac^ before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster,

upon Monday the Thirtieth Day of January next: And that Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Townshend, and the Lord Dupplin, do acquaint him therewith.

Overseers Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according obliged to to or(]er> a Rill to oblige Overseers of the Poor to pro-Poor^Rates. duce R°or*s Rates: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Pxincrfs of* Sir Charles Wyndham reported to the House, That her Wales' An- Royal Highness the Princess of Wales had been attended drefi l° with the congratulatory MefTage of this House, upon the joyful Occasion of her Royal Highness being happily delivered of a Prince; and that her Royal Highness was pleased to give this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I desire you will return the House of Commons my Thanks for their Compliments; and I am very much obliged to them for these Inllances of their Duty to the King, and of their Regard to the Prince and rne.

Radnor A Petition of Roderick Gwynne Esquire, was presented Election, to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Radnor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ely Fens Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom the Drainage, petition of the Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands, lying in Ely and So ham Level, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed Lim to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Rider informed the Committee, That the said Lands contain about 3,000 Acres; and that, through the Defeat of the Outfall to Sea, and the Insufficiency of the Banks to keep out the Land Flood, the said Lands have been frequently overflowed for Six or Seven Years together:

That when the said Lands shall be drained (which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament, the same Will be of great Advantage to the Public in general, as well as to the particular Owners thereof.

Mr*. Robinfcm, Mr. Tho. Taylor, and Mr. John Angier, severally confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual Draining and r reservation of certain Fen v Lands and low Grounds, lying in Ely and Soham Levels in the Isle of Ely, and in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Jenyns, Colonel Lownjhcnd, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Shepheard, and Mr. James Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the nd Meant. 0

Decembris. A. 1743.

whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty1.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole L(ouse, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted co his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the Order, made up- SWpS# &c on Friday last, for laying before this House an Ac- in count of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels now in Commis- Commission. lion, specifying their respective Complements of Men, with an Account of the Number borne in each Ship and Vessel, from the laftTwo Months Abstract, preceding the Twenty-fifth of December 1732, for those Ships which were in Commission before that Time, and for those which have been commissioned since, from their First Muller, after they were put in Commission, to this Time; specifying the Time when, and Place where, each Two Months Muller was made; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, ’ of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels now in Commission, specifying their respective Complements of Men, with an Account of the Numbers borne and mustered in each Ship and Vessel, from the last Two Months Abstratft, preceding the 25th of December 1742, for those Ships which were in Commission before that Time, and for those which have been commissioned since, from their First Muller, after they were put in Commission, to this Time; specifying the Time when, and Place where, each Two Months Muller was made; and also specify* ing the Place where each Ship and Vessel now is, and under whose Command.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means, ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afteFWatds delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth f viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Conlnftittee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the round be raised in thfe Year 1744, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Umoxr, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered

Lindegren*!

Nat.

Chathnna

Road.

Supply Bil!; Land 1 ax.

Ereiham

Roads.

17 Geo. II. i 140 Decembris. 49*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought itrpurfmnt to schesaid Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rvfkout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. $cropey and Mr. Jeffrey5, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Andrew Lendegren, of London, Merchant* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Warbur-ton, Mr. Williams, 'Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Torke, Lord Baltimore, Mr. West, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Jenyns, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Herbert, Sir John H. Cotton, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir John Glyrne, Mr- Hampden, Mr. Hay, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Finch, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Major Selwyn, Lord Carpenter, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Archer, Mr. Compton, Sir Jtoi# Barrington, Mr. Southwell, Lord Perceval, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Berkley, Mr. 2?//g^, Mr. Pratt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Abraham Spalding, of London, Merchant, which was presented to the Bouse upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die;

Anno 170 Georgii lldl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

SIR Edward Dering presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaitfng and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Gimofs, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1744: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Ivesham, in the County of Wore ester; and also of several of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County, and other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants duelling and residing in and near the several Parishes wherein the same Roads lie, and many other Persons which frequently travel through the said Roads; as likewise of Hannah Mence, of the City of Worcester, Widow, Relict, and Administratrix, of Samuel Mence Gentleman, deceased, James Smith, of Bofbury, in the County of Hereford, Gentleman, and Hannah Wynn, of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, Spinster, Devisee of Elizabeth Humphreys Widow, deceased, Creditors under the said Act; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where ^he same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 24.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act of Parliament afcrcfeUfwas hiid before the Committee, and read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted and made payable? for 21 Years, for repairing the said Roads, which are about 23 Miles in Length.

And it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimqny of several Persons, that, at the Time of passing thaa\$ft, the said Roads, iri many Parts thereof, by reason ftf the Beepness of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages frequently faffing through the fame, were io bad in the Winter Season, that many Parts were impassable for Waggons and^Carriages, and also f6r Horses laden; and other Part* were dangerous for Travellers.

It likewise further appeared to your Committee, that the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, finding the said Roads (which lie in the Vale of Evcfham) to be so very ruinous, and the yearly Income arising from the Tolls not sufficient so amend the fame, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Act.

Then Mr. Bright, Agent for the Mortgagees, laid before the Committee the several Mortgage Deeds of the Toll; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees had borrowed, on the Credit of the Ad, several Sums of Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum off. 1,950.

And Mr. Bright gave Evidence, That in the Year 1738, One of the Mortgagees exhibited his Bill in the Court of Chancery against the Trustees, in order to fore-close the Equity c>f Redemption of the Tolls' so mortgaged to him; and, on the 10th Day of July 174b he, in pursuance of an Order of that Court, took Possession of One of the Turnpikes; and, after discharging all Expences, between that Time and the 3d of November last, the net Money received by such Mortgagee amounted to £.188. 17s. id.; which being deducted from f. 1,950, first borrowed, there remains the Sum of f. 1,761. 2J. 10d. H ill due and owing on the Credit of the said Act.

Then there was produced, and laid before the Committee, an Account of all the Money coileded at the several Toll-gates erected on the Roads; by which it appeared, that about f. 400 per Annum had been collected.

That, after deduding the yearly Expences of the Gates, and paying the necessary Officers employed from the before-mentioned Sum, the Income arising by the Tolls will not, during the remaining Part of the Term, be sufficient to discharge the said Debt of f. 1,761. is. 10d. and the Interest thereof; so the Roads (which were proved to be very bad) will loon become again ruinous and impassable, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for raising Money for amending and keeping them in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Ad, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual: And that the Lord Deerhurst and Sir John Rufhout do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and.effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet: And that Vice Admiral Vernon, Sir John Philipps, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tc-morra* Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mannmjr the Fl»et.

SuppJjr.

49 3

i g Decembris. A. 1743.

Jovis, 15° die Decembris;

Anno 17* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Harlow Ti It R Bramfion reported from the Committee, to whom Road. sche Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gen-

tlemen, and other Persons living in and near the Road leading from Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Great Chefierford, in the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called

Isaac Whittington Esquire; who said, That the Road from Harlow to Great Chefierford is about 25 Miles in Length, much frequented, very bad and ruinous, and in feme Parts very narrow, and dangerous for a Person on Horseback to pass a Carriage:

That the Statute-work has been done on the said Road, and the Six Peny Rate raised in several of the Parishes lying thereon, for repairing the fame; yet it could not be effectually widened and amended, without a further Provision by Parliament for that Purpose.

Mr. Joseph Cranmer, Mr. Richard King, Mr. Henry Judd, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of Isaac Whittington Esquire.

Ordered, That ‘Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Bush Fair Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Stump Cross, in or near the furthermost Part of the Parish of Great Chefierford, in the said County: And that Mr. Bramfion and the Lord Dnp-p/iu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sutherland A Petition of the Honourable George Mackay Esquire, Election. presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ro the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Thunn’s A Petition of John Rudolf Sfhunn, of London, Mer-Nat- chant, was presented to the House, and read *, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Sidney Beauclerk and Mr. Warburton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

LindeOTen’t, Mr. Warburton reported from the Committee, to &c. Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren, of London, Merchant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of Abraham Spalding, of London, Merchant, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Overseers A Bill to oblige Overseers of the Poor to produce obliged to Poor's Rates, was read a Second time,

produce A Mot on was made, and the Question being put,

IW* Rates, committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

J5£t£33fi,.

TClCT!for theN«,fi{;rf2S^}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax. Year 1744, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Stony Stratford, in the Stony Strat-County of Bucks, and Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; 0 " a setting forth, That, on Thursday the Sixth Day of May 1742, there happened a sudden and terrible Fire in the several Parishes of Stony Stratford and Old Stratford, whereby many Houses were intirely burnt down and consumed; which necessarily occasioned a considerable Deficiency in the Land Tax for the said Year 1742, and also for the Year 1743, as will appear by the several Accounts with the said Petition delivered: And therefore, in regard to the distrefTed Circumstances of the Petitioners, praying. That the Process, already issued out of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer against the acting Commissioners of the Land Tax for the several Divisions for such Arrears, may be frayed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Relief of the Petitioners, upon their said Petition.

A Petition of Richard Lloyde Esquire, was presented to Cardigan the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election Election. and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examinethe Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Laws relating amend and' make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Per- on s* fons; and to Houses of Correction: And that Sir Na-thanael Curzon, Mr. Hay, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Proby,

Mr. Noel, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion posed. That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, That, in ar’ consideration of the exhausted and impoverished State of this Kingdom, by the great and unequal Expence it has hitherto been burthened with, he will not engage this Nation any farther, by acting as we have hitherto done, or by concerting turther Measures, or entering into further Engagements, with other Powers, without first entering into an Alliance with the States General of the United Provinces, for the supporting and carrying on thereof upon stipulated Proportions of Force and Ex-p-nce, as was done in the late War j

An

17 Geo. II. 150 — 16° — 170 . 493

Thtron’s

Mat.

Way.

*nd Meai i,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "in Consideration " of the exhausted and impoverished State of this Kingdom, by the great and unequal Expence it has hitherto " been burthened with

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " by acting as We have hitherto done, or by concerting further Measures, or entering into further Engagements with other " Powers," and inlerting instead thereof, these Words, " on the Continent, in favour of the Queen of Hun-4< gary

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " on u the Continent, in favour of the Queen of Hungary" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " supporling and <c carrying 011 thereof," and inserting instead thereof, these Words, " in Support of such Measures

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left: out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Words <fc in " Support of such Measures," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting before the Word " stipulated" the Words " certain proper

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, that he will not engage this Nation any further on the Continent in favour of the Queen of Hungary, without first entering into an Alliance with the States General of the United Provinces, for the Support of such Measures, upon certain proper stipulated Proportions of Force -and Expence, as was done in the late War;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

T'lte for lhccZ'S'Ll/,: } ,3’-

Te'I" *» - Mr!

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii If" Regis, 1743. Prayers.

THE Lord Sidney Beauclerk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John RudolffThunn, of London, Merchant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 24.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Rill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clauseof Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1742, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1744.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- . ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Roderick Privilege Richards, upon the 7th Day of February last, with about One hundred other Persons, and also upon the 18th Day of March last, with about Twenty other Persons, in a forcible Manner, entered the Estate of Thomas Pryfe Esquire,a Member of this House, situateacD^m/, in the Farifli of Llanbadarnvawr, in the County of Cardigan, and delivered Possession thereof to William Paul (who immediately employed Men to dig there for Lead Ore), in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered\ "That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati,170 die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743*

Prayers.

ORDERED, That a Committee be appointed to Expiring inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; Laws, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Archer, Mr.

Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Hay,

Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Jetty ns, Mr.

Nezvnham, General Onslow, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hop ton,

Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Hayward, Mr. Jeffreys, Lord Perceval, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Bligh, Mr. Owen, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Buncombe, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Plumer, Major Cornwallis, Mr. Plumper et Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Pryfe; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1744, Was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had dire<sted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put 6 K thereupon,

494

thereupon, were (except one of them, which was disagreed to), with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneS) 190 die Decembrts;

Anno 17* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

i 70- — 190 — 200

j. 1743.

*0HN Rudolff Thunn took the Oaths appointed, order to his Naturalization.

in

Lindrgren’a ice. Nat.

Chatham

Road.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren, of London, Merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Andrezv Lindegren and Abraham Spalding, of London, Merchants.

Ordered, That Mr. Warburton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Cro/s, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Watson, Mr. Co-nolly, Mr. Strode, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Shuttleworthy Mr. Leathes, Mr. Henry Finch, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. Campbell> Mr. Chester, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Richard Lifter, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. £/?>*/, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. f&ry, Sir Thomas Ready Mr. Yorke, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Bramston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. P//. Herbert, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Harley, Sir 5/. Aubin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and and the Cinque Ports:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for PoorLawi. remedying some Defects in the A&, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled.

An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fox, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Bramston, the Lord Chetzvynd, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Overseeri whole House, upon the Bill to oblige Overseers of the °^¥cdt0 Poor to produce Poors Rates. iWsRato*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Worcester

Writ.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1744> was refd the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 123. L. 12. Before "charged," to insert " were And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, in the Room of the Right Honourable Thomas Winnington Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Pay matter General of his Majesty’s Land Forces.

Mart is, 200 die Decembris \

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

r\RD ERE D, That Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Hay be poorLaW^ added to the Gentlemen who are appointed*© prepare, and bring in, a Bill for remedying some Defedb in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, LaW9 a Bill to amend and make more effectual the Laws re- latingto lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and dif- Rvgu«, &c. orderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Manning the Fleet.

Vice Admiral Vernon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time* Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of Andrew Templeman and John Darlon, of London, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That their Names may be inserted in the Bill for naturalizing John 'Rudolff Thunn, of London, Merchant.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The said Bill was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Knight, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gafttry, Dr. Butler, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Stert, General Howard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coke, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr* Mellish, Sir John Crosse, Major Cornwallis, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Stewart, Mr Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. War dour. Lord Sundon, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pratt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Andrezv Templeman and John Darlon, of London, Merchants, presented to the House this Day, be referred to the said Committee: And that the Committee, if they think do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill.

The

Templemtn’i, &c. Nat.

i7 Geo. II.

20* — 11* D.

495

Overseer* The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported froth iblizedto the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Sr »c^aitK oblige Overseers of the Poor to produce Poor’s Rates, °°r was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee

had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by onp; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 21° die Decembris;

Anno 17® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

P tA TIES.

Thuna’i ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Nat. for naturalizing John Rudolff Tkunn, of London, Merchant, was committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the Petition of Andrew Templeman and John Darlon, of London, Merchants, which Petition was Yesterday presented to the House, and afterwards referred to the Paid Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill For Templeman’s naturalizing Andrew Templeman and John Darlon, of Nat, London, Merchants i And that Mr. Stanhope, the Lord Sidney Beau clerk, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Baker, Deputy Secretary at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1744: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, the Year 1744: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Army

Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces* for the Year 1744*

P (ay of the Troops and

Numbers Regiments, TOTAL.

for 366 Days.

£ d. L-

- - iSt - 16,592

- - 181 - 16,59a

- - >77 - 10,900 14 —

- - 274 - - 20,489 18 —

- - 274 1,087 - 20,489 18 — 85,064 10 —

19,684 14 —

- - 435 -

- - 435 - 19,684 14 —

- - 435 . - 19,684 14 —

- - 435 L74° 19,684 14 — 78,738 ;1« —

- - 1,976 - 72,367 7 —

- - .815 - *5.259 3 —

- - 815 - *5.259 3 —

- - 815 - *5.259 3 —

- 815 - *5-259 3 — ,

- - 815 - *5.259 3 —

- - 815. - '5.259 3 —

- - 815 - *5.259 3 —

- - 8i5 . - *5.259 3 —

- - 815. - *5.359 3 —

- 815. - *5.259 3 -

- 815 - *5.259 3 —

- 815. - 15.259 3 —

*i5 - *5.259 3 —

m 8i5 - 15.259 .3 —;

14,386 28J.995 9 —

5* 5 . 9.933 *7 —

- - 1,30° 1,815 22,646 5 — 31,580 n —

19,028

_ 22,907 9 7-

- - - 36.507 *8 9\

- - - - - 20,000 — *70.41 < S fi

Total - I' 56i»794 5 Si

o

a

(First Troop of Guards -Second Ditto -First Troop of Grenadier Guards Duke of Montagu's Regiment General Wade's -

j f Lieutenant-General Churchill's g / Lord Mark Karr's §? \ Golonei Gardiner's Q L Major General Hamilton's

Four Battalions of FootGuards Lieutenant-General Barrelfs -Lieutenant-General HandafyeTs Lieutenant-General Harrison*« Major-General Guise's Major-General Wentworth's Brigadier General Blakeney's -Colonel Cholmondeley's -' Colonel Fleming's -Colonel Price's - -

Colonel Mordaunfs -Colonel Lee's -Colonel Murray's -Colonel LafcelTs -Lord Harry Beau clerk's -

1

1

Colonel Wardour*s Regiment -Twenty-five Independent Companies

1 General and Staff Officers -

2q I Garrisons with Fire and Candle -£ ^,) -Contingencies upon Account O 35 l

War Office, a ill December 1743*

Will. Yonge«

Voi.a4.

49 6 2i° Decembris. A. 1743.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year x 744.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 366 Days. TOTAL.

Colonel Wolfe's Regiment I>155 £ s. 20,230 13 — £ s."

Colonel Frafer's - . - I»I55 - 20,230 13 —

Colonel Lowther's - LJ55 - 20,230 13 —

Colonel Long's - - - - l>lS5 - 20,230 13 —

Colonel Cochran's - H55 _ 20,230 13 —

Colonel Cottrel's - - M55 . 20,230 13 —

Lieutenant General Cornwall's M55 20,230 13 —

Colonel Buncombe's . - M55 - 20,230 .3 — -

Colonel Pawlet's - - M55 - 20,230 13 —

Colonel Jeffreys's - - - I^55. - 20,230 13 —

Contingencies 11,550 402,306 10 — 4,500

Total - £ 206,806 IO

War-Office, 21st December 1743- Will.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s ' Forces in J Flanders, for the Year 1744.

O

Third Troop of Guards -Fourth D° -

Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards -Sir Philip Honywood's Regiment Sir John Ligoniers - -

(Roya! Regiment -

Sir James Campbell!s

Brigadier Bland's -c:-

SP

Q

&s

Sir Robert Rich's -Earl of Stair's , Sir John Cope's

Three Battalions of Foot Guards -

One Battalion of Major General St. Clair's

Lieutenant General Howard's Regiment -

Major General Onslow's - -

Colonel Sowle's - -

Colonel Duroure's

Major General Pulteney'% -

Major General Howards -

Colonel Bligh's -

Brigadier Campbell's -

Major General Hujke's -

Earl of Rothes's -

Major General Bragg's -

Brigadier Handafyds -

Colonel Skelton's - - - " -

Colonel Johufon's -

Major General Ponjonby's ~ -

Lord Sempill's

Numbers.

181

181

176

535

535

358

537

537

537

537

537

537

2*315

815

8ij

815

8^5

8x5

815

8*5

H15

815

8.5

815

815

815

815

8.5

815

8.5

Contingencies -Forage and Waggon Money -

Total - - -War-Office, 21st December 1743.

1,966

3,222

16,170

2I*3j8

P ay of the Regiments

for 366 Days.

£ s. d.

16,594 —

16,592 — —

10,772 12 —

36,118 2 —

36,118 2 —

24,406 2 —

23,747 6 —

23,747 6 —

23,747 6 —

23,747 6 —

23,747 6 —

23,747 6 —

56,672 1 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 .3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

>5,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15-259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,25-9 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

15,259 3 —

20,000

15,184 5 4

« m

TOTAL.

£ * d.

140,598 18 —

144,483 16 —

316,077 12 —

35,184 5 4

634,344 11 4

Westminster

Bridge.

Evdham

Writ.

Windsor

Writ.

Malton

Writ.

Officers on Half-pay.

Overseeri obliged to produce Poor's Rates.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

17 Geo. II. 21° — 22 ° Decembris. 497

Ordered, That the said Eftittiates do lie upon the Table, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to be perused by the Members of the House. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Decembris;

Anno 170 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edivards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Land Tax. raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four, without apy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lindegrcn*s, for naturalizing AndrewUndegren and Abraham Spalding, *c. Nat. of London, Merchants; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Sir Jofpeh Ayloffe, Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; r

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 17, 1742, to November 9, 1743, both inclusive: And also,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 17, 1742, to November 9, 1743, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29, 1742, to September 29, 1 743.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burge is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Sir John Rufhout Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treaftirer of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks9 in the room of Henry Fox Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make cut a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgeft to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maltony in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Henry Finch Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Works.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House of all the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Sea Officers, now on Half-pay, specifying the Dates of their several Commissions, and the Time when they were respectively put on Half pay.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige Overseers of the Poor to produce Poor's Rates, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

’ An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give public Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol, 24.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Worcester Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ-Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, in the room of the Right Honourable Samuel Sandys Esquire, now Lord Sandys9 called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Truro Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of TrurOy in the County of Cornwall in the room of the Honourable Charles Hamilton Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver General and Coliedor of the Revenues, in the Island of Minorca.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Edinburgh Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh^ in the room of Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet, who, since^his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Mr. Stanhope presented to the House, according to Temple-Order, a Bill for naturalizing Andrew Templeman and man's, &c. John Darlon, of Londotiy Merchants: And the same was Nat* . received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the £ll(jiow Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Henry Arthur Herbert Esquire, now Lord Herbert of Cher bury, caJled up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Su{r<)| Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the writ Eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right Honourable Charles Sackvil/e Esquire, commonly called Earl of Middlesex, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Gujjdforj Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the wrir. Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey^ in the room of DenzillOnflow Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of his Majesty’s Board of Works.

6 L A Message

498 22° Decembris. — 90 J A. 1743.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Treaty with the Empress, tec.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One public and One private Bill; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1744:

An Act for naturalizing Andrew Lindegren and Abraham Spalding, of London, Merchants.

And then the House adjourned till Monday the Ninth Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce> 90 die Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Pray ers.

ANDREW Fempleman and John Darlon took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, presented to the House,

Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms the September 1743: And also,

Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms September 1743.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the Translation thereof is as fol* loweth; viz.

after which, the rest of Italy would no longer be able to resist them, and all the Coasts of the Mediterranean Sea would be under Subjection to one and the same Family.

To obviate as much as in them lies such imminent Evils, and an Enterprize whole Consequences would be so fatal to all the Princes and States of Italy, to their Liberty and Commerce, and to that of the Maritime Powere in the Mediterranean Sza, the most Serene and most Potent Prince, George the Second, King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, &c. the most Serene and most Potent Princess Maria Therejia Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, Archduchess of Austria, &c. and the most Serene and most Potent Prince Charles Emanuel King of Sardinia, Duke of Savoy, &c. having such an essential Interest in the Preservation of a just Balance in Europe, on which depends the Liberty of Europe, and in the Maintenance of the Liberty and Security of Italy in particular; on which depends that of its Commerce, and of the Commerce of the Mediterranean; have resolved to enter into a closer and more inseparable Union, in this fixed Intention, and to perfeyere inviolably in joining their Forces and Councils, in order to obtaining the Effect defued therefrom 5 and more especially for the fake of repelling with one Accord the unjust Invasion made by the Kings of Spain and Naples, and for securing Italy, if possible, for the future, from all Attempts of the same Kind.

In this View, and in order to prevent the said Invasion without Lo£> of Time, his Majesty the King of Sardinia did enter, from the ill Day c f February 1742, into a provisional Convention with her Majesty the Queen of Hungary; the Tenor whereof is as follows:

As it is sufficiently evident, that the Motions of the Spanish Troops, which, having landed in the States of the Prajidii, are advancing in the Dominions of the Pope, in order to join those of Naples, and from thence to pursue their March as far as Imola, are bent, according to certain Intelligence, towards Lombardy, and must necessarily very much affect his Majesty the King of Sardinia, as well as her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia; their Majesties have thought, by the Means of the Marquis d'Ormea, and of the Count de Schulenbourg (they being respectively provided with the necessary full Powers) of concerting and agreeing upon the following Articles, under the Hopes of their being ratified and accepted.

Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms the ^th September 1743.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Treasurer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, To all and singular to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas the Ministers Plenipotentiary, as well on our Part as on the Part of our good Brother the King of Sardinia, &c. and of our good Sifter the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, &c. being assembled at Worms, and sufficiently authorized thereto, did conclude and sign a certain Treaty of mutual Friendship and perpetual Alliance, on the Day of the present Month of September, in the Form and Words following:

In the Name of the most Holy Trinity;

Be it known to all and every one, to whom it appertains, or may appertain, in any Manner whatsoever.

Forasmuch as the Disturbances which, upon the Decease of the Emperor Charles the Sixth, of glorious Memory, without Male issue, arose in Germany, notwithstanding the express Tenor of the mostfolemn and recent Treadies of Peace and Alliance, corroborated by the authentic Guaranty of the Body of the Empire, which do allure to his eldest Daughter, and to her Posterity, the intire and indivisible Succession to his hereditary Dominions, do manifestly tend to the Overthrow of all Balance in Europe, and do expose its Liberty, and that of its Commerce, to the most evident Danger; which Danger is still increased by the Conquest which the Kings of Spain and Naples have openly undertaken to make of the Dominions possessed by the most Serene House of Austria in Italy, contrary to the Faith of their own Engagements;

*3

Article ift.

The Forces of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary alone, which are now in Italy, appearing sufficient to make head against the Aggressors, they shall be brought together, in order to march towards them, and to give an immediate Check to their Progress; and particularly, in order to cover the States of Modena and Mirandola, which are, as it were, a Bulwark to the Dominions of the Queen of Hungary in Italy.

Article 2d.

The said King of Sardinia shall, in the mean while, have a considerable Body of his Troops upon the Frontiers of his Dominions, towards the Borders of the Milaneje, and of the Duchy of Placentia; which shall be disposed in such a manner as that they may be brought together in a short time; and, in case the Forces of the Aggfessors should come to be augmented, and that there should be Cause to fear anew Invasion on any other Side, as is probable, according to the Advices that have been received, that a Second Convoy of Spanish Troops has already set Sail at Barcelona; and that they are to land in the Harbour of La Spezia, his Majesty shall then co-operate with ail his Forces, for preventing the Body of Austrian Troops, which shall have marched forward, from being either taken in Flank, or intercepted, by that new Reinforcement of Spanish Troops; and, to this End, all the Passages in the States above-mentioned, and principally the Places of Parma, Placentia, and Pavia, shall remain free and open to the King’s Troops, for their Convenience and Security.

Article 3d.

As to what relates to further Motions, and such other military Operations as might be afterwards undertaken, as

they

X

i*7 Geo. II. 90 Ja\

they must depend upon the Circutnstances which fall out from Day to Day, it is necessary to refer them to the Concert which shall be entered into, in proportion to the Circumstances which shall happen; and, for this Purpose, his Majesty the King of Sardinia shall fend One of his General Officers to the Army of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, ancf her Majesty the Queen of Hungary shall lend One of hers likewise to reside with his Majesty the King of Sardinia; to which General Officers shall be reciprocally communicated all the Advices that shall be received about the Enemy; and all the Resolutions which shall be taken on either Side shall be concerted with them.

Article 4th.

Nothing being so necessary towards obtaining the End desired on each Side, as the reciprocal Security of the respective Possessions and Rights, and a Confidence in the good Faith of the Parties who are to co-operate towards the same End, his Majesty the King of Sardinia promises, upon the Faith and Word of a Prince, to her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, ift, That, for as long time as the present provisional Agreement shall last, he will not avail himself of his pretended Rights to the State of Milan, which are not entered into in this provisional Convention; forasmuch as the Queen of Hungary cannot admit them, and the King of Sardinia, on the contrary, thinks them founded; and, 2dly, That, if it should be necessary that his said Majesty should enter with his Forces into any one of the States above-mentioned, he will not exercise in the same any Act of Sovereignty, and will not in any-wile hinder the Queen of Hungary from continuing to exercise them in the manner that That Princeis has done it hitherto; neither will his Majesty exact any Contribution, and will content himself, in the said Gale, with being fiir-niffied with such Things as are indispensably requisite to an Army: As for Instance, Forage, Wood, Quarters, Carts, Beds, Caferns, and Straw; the Rations whereof shall be regulated upon the Foot on which they are usually allowed to his Troops; as also, Horses, Mules, and Oxen, for the Use of the Artillery; and Victuals.

Article 5.

On the other hand, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary declares in the like solemn Manner, that it is not her Meaning, that the abovelaid Promises of his Majesty the King of Sardinia, nor the Execution of them, should Prejudice the Rights by him pretended to the State of Milan, nor ever to avail herself of them, so as to infer from thence, that the said Rights were no longer subsisting; the Intention of the Two high contrafting Parties being to preserve to each of them their respective Rights in their full Force, in such manner as they may appertain to them, independently of the present Convention.

Article 6.

And it is likewise in this View, that his Majesty the King of Sardinia reserves to himself expressly the intire Liberty of availing himself of his said Rights at whatever Time, and by whatever Means, either by himself singly, or by such Alliance as he shall judge to be most for his Convenience.

Article 7.

But as his Majesty does not mean to acquire any Advantage by the said Reservation, and defigqs to proceed with all the good Faith which is natural to him, he promises and engages, in the same above-mentioned, not to ad himself, nor to permit any Prince with whom he might be allied, to ad (which his Majesty will take care to fti-pulate as a principal Condition in any Treaty whatsoever which he might conclude), sooner than after the Space of One Month from the Time that he shall have caused Notice to be given by the Means of the General Officer which he shall have at the Queen of Hungary's Army; to the end that the Commanding Officer of the Austrian Troops, being thus put upon his Guard, may take such Measures and Resolutions as he shall judge most for his Advantage.

Article 8.

Moreover, the King of Sardinia promises, in that Cafe, to make his Troops evacuate all the Dominions of the . Vql. 24.

mm. 499

Queen of Hungary, and all the Places and Pods which Treaty he should have taken Possession of during the present provisional Agreement, without carrying any thing off; to iLmpe*' the end that the Troops of the abovesaid Queen* may, during the said Month, retake freely, and without any Hindrance, the Pods which they shall think proper.

Article 9.

The present Convention shall be ratified by the King of Sardinia and by the Queen of Hungary, and the Acts of Ratification shall be exchanged within the Term of Twenty Days.

Article 10.

During the said Term, the King of Sardinia shall not understand himself to be obliged to cause his Troops to enter into the States possessed by the Queen of Hungary; and if, after the Expiration of the said Term, the Queen should not have sent her Ratification, so that, for want of it, the present Convention should remain without Effect; nevertheless, the King shall not, in that Cafe, cause his Troops to enter into the above-mentioned States during the Term of other Ten Days; neither, during that Term, shall he give any Hindrance to the irse Return of the Austrian Troops into the feme States, and inj^uch Pods, as the Queen of Hungary's Ger^r^ffjudge to be most convenient.

In Witness whereof, we the under-written Plenipotentiaries have signed the present Convention, (Ac. at Turin, the id February 1742.

In consequence of this Convention, his Majesty the King of Sardinia did immediately join a considerable Body of his Troops to those of the said Queen; his Majesty the King of Great Britain having sent a strong Squadron, to co-operate for the Maintenance of the Liberties of Italy,

In order not to leave fruitless so great Expences, and to secure still farther, and to accelerate for the present, the intire Execution of so necessary and just a Kef Jution, and in order likewise to perpetuate the Effect of it for the Times to come, their said Majesties have authorized, and do authorize, their Ministers Plenipotentiary to make an immediate Regulation of the Particulars, and of the Conditions; viz. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Privy Councellor John Lord Carteret, Baron of Hawnes,

One of his Principal Secretaries of State, &c. his Majesty the King of Sardinia, the Chevalier OJforio, Chevalier Grande Croix, and Grand Conservator of the Religious and Military Orders of the Saints Maurice and Lazarus,

Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of his said Majesty to his Majesty the King of Great Britain; and her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, the Sieur Ignatius John de IFafner, her Minister Plenipotentiary to his said Britannic Majesty; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, and having maturely conferred together, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article 1.

There shall be from the present Time, and for all Times to come, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and his Majesty the King of Sardinia, a close Friendship, and sincere, perpetual, and inviolable Alliance; by virtue of which, they shall be obliged to support, defend, and succour each other reciprocally, and constantly to be attentive to the Security each of the other, as to their own, to procure all Advantages, and to keep off all Damage and Prejudice from one another, to the utmost of their Power.

Article 2.

To this end, the Allies engage themselves afresh to a most express Guaranty of all the Kingdoms, States, Countries and Dominions, which they are now in P ffeftion of, or ought to possess, by virtue of the Treaty of Alliance, made at Turin in *703, of the Treaties of Peace of Utrecht and Baden, of the Treaty of Peace and Alliance commonly called the Quadruple Alliance, of the Treaty of Pacification and Alliance concluded a: Vienna, the 16 March 173.1, of the Act of Guaranty given in

consequence

500

9° Januarii. A. 1743.

Treaty with the Eaiprefi, Arc

consequence thereof, and passed into a Law of the Empire, the nth of January 1732, of the Act of Accef- fion signed likewise in consequence of the said Treaty at the Hague, the 20th of February 1732, of the Treaty of Peace signed at Vienna, the 18th of November 17 28, and of the Accession thereto, done and signed at Versailles, the 3d of February 1739; all which Treaties are fully recalled and confirmed here; forasmuch as they may concern the Allies, and as far as they have not derogated from them by the present Treaty.

Article 3.

In conformity to the Guaranty contained in the foregoing Article, and to the end that no Subject of Dispute may remain between the Two most Serene Houses of A/</?ria and Savoy, his Majesty the King of Sardinia, forhimself, his Heirs, and Successors, renouncesby Name, and forever, but solely in favour of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of her Heirs and Successors, to his pretended Rights upon the State of Milan; which Rights, though never admitted on the Part of the Queen, he had reserved to himself, by the provisional Convention, the Liberty of availing himself of; and besides, his Majesty the King of Sardinia engages himself formally and specially to the Guaranty of the Order of Succession established in the said most Serene House by the Pragmatic Sanction, in the same manner as it is set forth in the Treaty of Pacification and Alliance, made at Vienna the 16th of March 1731; excepting, however, that his said Majesty shall never be obliged to fend Succours out of Italy.

Article 4.

For this Purpose, his Majesty the King of Sardinia, who has already joined his Troops to those of the Queen of Hungary, and who has already considerably augmented them, shall continue to concert and execute, jointly with her and her Generals, all the Measures and Operations which shall be judged the most effectual for keeping off and repelling the Invasion now made, or to be hereafter made, against the Dominions of the said Queen, and for securing them from all Danger, present and future, as much as possible.

Article 5.

In order to attain this End, and as long as the present War shall last, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary engages not only to keep in Italy the Number of Troops which she has there now, but to augment them to the Number of 30,000 effective Men, as soon as the Situation of Affairs in Germany will permit it; and his Majesty the King of Sardinia engages to keep and employ the Number of 40,000 Foot, and 5,000 Horse; comprehending in it what will be necessary for the Garrisons, and Defence of his own Dominions.

Article 6.

His Majesty the King of Sardinia shall have the supreme Command of the Allied Army, when he shall be there in Person; and he shall regulate the military Motions and Operations of it in concert with her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, according as the common Interest and Occasions shall require.

Article 7.

As long as it shall be necessary towards favouring and fcconding those Operations, and as long as the Danger of the Allies and of Italy shall demand it, his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to keep in the Mediterranean Sea a strong Squadron of Ships of War, and Bomb Vessels, and Fire Ships; the Admiral and Commanders whereof shall have Orders to concert constantly and regularly with his Majesty the King of Sardinia, or with his Generals, and with those of he Majesty the Queen of Hungary, who shall be nearest at hand, the most proper Measures for the Service of the common Cause.

Article 8

Moreover, and in order to aftift n* Gearing the extraordinary Expence which his Majesty the King of Sardinia is and will be obliged to support, for raising, and causing to act, a much greater Number of Troops than his own Revenues can maintain, his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to furnish to him, for as long as the War, and 23

the Occasion for it, shall continue, a Subsidy of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, to be paid every Three Months, and to commence from the iflof February 1742, New Stile, being the Day upon which the provisional Convention was signed between the said King and her Majesty the Queen of Hungary; and the said Subsidy shall be punctually paid, from Three Months to Three Months, in Advance; provided, however, that what shall have been advanced to his Majesty the King of Sardinia, before the Signature of the present Treaty, shall be reckoned into it.

Article 9.

In consideration of the Zeal and Generosity with which his Sardinian Majesty has been willing to expose his Person and his Dominions for the public Cause, and for that of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the most Serene House of Austria in particular, and of the effectual Succours which the said Cause has already received from him; in consideration also of the burthensome Engagements of Assistance, and of the perpetual Tye of Guaranty, which he contracts with her by the present Alliance, her said Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, for herself, her Heirs, and Successors, yields and transfers, from this present time, and for ever, to his said Majesty the King of Sardinia, his Heirs and Succefe fors, to be united to his other Dominions, the Distri&of Vigevano, called the Vigevanafco, the Part of the Duchy of Pavia which is between the Po and the Thejin; fothat the Thefin shall for the future, by the Middle of its Stream, from the Separation and Limit between the respective Dominions from the Lago Maggiore, or greater Lake, to the Place where it falls into the Po; excepting only the Island formed by the Canal over-against the City of Pavia; which Island shall be reserved to her Majesty the Queen, upon these Conditions, that the King shall have, nevertheless, the free Communication of the River 'Thejin, for the Passage of Barks, without their being either stopt, visited, or subjected to the Payment of any Duty; and that the said Canal shall never be filled up, and shall serve in this Place for a Limit. Moreover, that other Part of the Duchy of Pavia, called the Paveje, beyond the Po, Bobbie, and its Territory, being reckoned into it, the City of Plaisance, with that Part of the Duchy of Placentia which is between the Pavefan and as far as the Bed of the River Nura, from its Source quite to the Po, in such manner that the Middle as well of the Nura as of the Po do. make, in this Part, the Limit of the Two States; and, consequently, that which has hitherto belonged to the Duchy of Placentia, on the other Side of the Po, do remain separated from it.

Lastly, That Part of the County of Anghiera, or of the State of Milan, whatsoever particular Name may be given to it, which borders upon the Novarefe, the Valley of Sejia, the Great Alps, and the Country of Vallais, extending to the Swiss Prefectures of Val Maggia and Locarno, and along the Banks of and in the Lago Maggiore to the Middle of the said Lake, in such manner that, for the future the Confines between the Dominions of his Majesty the King of Sardinia and those of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, shall be continually fixed by a Line drawn from the Borders of the Swiss, in the Middle and all along the Lago Maggiore, to the Mouth of the Thejin; which Line shall go from thence along the Middle of the Stream of that River to the Place of its falling into the Po, excepting the Front of the above-mentioned Island before Pavia; and from thence goon along the Middle of the Course of the Po to the Place where the Nura falls into the Po, and go up by the Middle of the Bed of the Nura, quite to its Source, which is opposite to the Country of Genoa.

The abovesaid Division of the Course of the Rivers shall not prevent the Navigation remaining free, as it is to remain to the Subjects of the Two Sovereigns in the whole Breadth of the said Rivers, with Liberty to pass upon the Banks on cither Side, for the Towing of Boats which go up Stream; the said Banks being nevertheless to appertain, as well with regard to the Property, as in

all

17 Geo. II.

9° Januar

501

all other Respects to the Sovereigns* respectively, on either Side of the said Rivers; who shall be allowed* each on their own Side, to make such Reparations as they shall judge necessary towards {lengthening of them; provided that those Reparations be not prominent; that is to friy, that they may not force the Stream of the River against the opposite Side; and that, on the Part of the King of Sardinia, it shall never be lawful, under any Pretence whatsoever, to make such Works as might prevent the free Entry of the Waters into the Canal, or Navilio, which is on the Side of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, and which conducts the said Waters to Milan.

To enjoy the same in full Property and Sovereignty, a9 her Majesty the Queen and her Predecessors have enjoyed them hitherto. Which Countries her Majesty the Queen difmembers forever from her Hereditary Dominions, and from the State of Milan; derogating for that Purpose* as far as there can be Occasion for it, from every thing that might in any manner be contrary thereto; laving always the direct Jurisdiction of the Empire.

Article io.

Besides, as it is of Importance to the public Cause, that his Majesty the King of Sardinia should have an immediate Communication of his Dominions with the Sea, and with the Maritime Powers, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia yields to him all the Rights which Ihe may have in any Manner, and upon any Title whatsoever, to the Town and Marquisate of Final; which Rights (he yields and transfers, without any Restriction, to the said King, in the same manner as (lie does the Countries described in the foregoing Article* in the just Expectation that the Republic of Genoa will facilitate, as far as shall be necessary, a Disposition so indispen&bly re-quisite for the Liberty and Security of Italy, in consideration of the Sum which shall be found to be due to the said Republic, without his Majesty the King of Sardinia, nor her Majesty the Queen of Hungary, being obliged to contribute to the Payment of the said Sum: Provided always, that the Town of Final be, and remain for ever, a free Port, as is Leghorn; and that it shall be allowable for his Majesty the King of Sardinia to re-establish there the Forts which have been demoliftied, or to cause others to be built* according as he (had judge convenient.

Article n.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and his Majesty the King of Sardinia, engage themselves not to make either Peace or Truce, without comprchending therein, in express Words, all the above-mentioned Cfcflions, and without stipulating also full Restitution to the King oi Sardinia, of every Part of his other Dv)minions, which may have been seized or occupied in Hatred of his Union with the Allies; provided, that the King of Sardinia shall hold himself to be, from tins present lime, indemnified for the Revenue which might be so with-held from him, by that of the Countries,) ielded aful transferred to him by the present Treaty.

Article 12.

In Return, his Majesty the King of Sardinia shall remain firmly and inseparably united and attached so the Interests and to the Cause of the Allies, not only for as long as the War may Jail in Italy, but to the Conclusion of the Peace in Germany, and of the Peace between Great Britain and Spain; and this is the principal Condition, and Sine qua non, of the Cessions made to him above by the 9th and 10th Articles of this Treaty; which Cessions shall not receive their full and irrevocable Force, but from its intire Accomplishment; after which, the Countries yielded to the said King shall be deemed guarantied to him by the Aliies for ever, as his other Dominions are.

Article ij.

And as soon as Italy shall be delivered from Enemies, and out of all apparent Danger of being afrelh invaded,-her Majesty the Queen of Hungary shall not only be at

Vol. 24.

Liberty to withdraw Part of het* Troops, but, if (he fc- Treaty v.*!rh quires ir, his Majesty the King of Sardinia shall furnish the E^press, her some of his own Troops, to be employed for the Security of her Majesty’s Dominions in Lombardy; that so (he may be able to make use of a greater Number of her own in Germany, in like manners as, at the Requisition of the King of Sardinia, the Queen of Hungary should cause some of her Troops to pass into the Dominions of the faici King, if it were necessary, for defending the Pat sages thereof, which an Enemy’s Army should undertake to force; and for delivering from Enemies all the Do* minions of his Majesty the King of Sardinia, and freeing them from any Danger of a freth Invasion.

Article 14.

In any Cafe, the Allies shall not make either Peace or Truce, or Accommodation whatsoever, with the common Enemy, but in concert, and with the Participation and Advice, one of the other; nor without the Guaranty of such Powers as should have aShare in the Pacification, for the Possessions and Acquisitions of the Allies, as let forth in this Treaty; and, after the Conclusion of the Peace, the present Alliance'shall equally and unalterably subsist, as well for the Security of its Execution, as, in general, for the mutual and constant Security of the Allies.

Article 15.

His Majesty the King of Sardinia, and her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, in Gratitude for the generous Concern of his Britannic Majesty for the public Security, and for theirs, and for that of Italy in particular, do not only confirm to the British Subjects the Advantages of Commerce and Navigation which they enjoy in their respective Dominions, but promise to fecufe them still further to them, and, as far as it shall be found reasonable and practicable, by a specific Treaty of Commerce and Navigation, whenever his Britannic Majesty shall require it of them.

Article 16.

The Lords the States General of the United Provinces, being already under the same Engagements towards the -moil Serene House of Austria, and having the same Id- -

terest with his Britannic Majesty in all the Objects of the present Treaty, the Allies will jointly invite them to enter into this Alliance, as a principal contracting Party.

Article 17.

The other Princes and States who have at Heart the Peace, the Liberty, and the Security, of Europe, of the Empire, and of Italy, and who will be willing t6 enter into the present Alliance, shall be admitted info it.

Article itt.

This Treaty of Alliance shall be ratified by all the Allies; and the Ratifications of it shall be exchanged with^-in the Space of Six Week?, orfooner, if possible.

J11 Witness wbfcreof, we the Plenipotentiaries above-named, have signed the present Treaty with crur own Hands, and have set our Seals, with our Coats of Arms, thereunto. Done at Worms, this tV Day of September One thousand Seven hundred Forty-three.

(L. S.) Carteret. (L. S.) OJforio. (L. S.) De Wafner.

We, having seen and considered the Treaty above-written, have approved and ratified it in all and singular its Articles and Clauses, as we do, by these Presents, approve and ratify the fame, for ourselves, our Heirs, and Successors; undertaking and promising, upon our Royal Word, that we will religiously and inviolably perform and observe all and singular the Things which are contained in it; and that we will never suffer, as much as in us lies, that they be violated by any body, or that any thing be done in any manner whatsoever to the contrary thereof. For th£ greater Faith and Corroboration of all whtch, we have commanded our Great Seal of Great Britain to be let to these Presents, signed by the Hands of our Guardians and Justices of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and our Lieutenants in the fame. Given at Westminster, the 20th 6 M Day

S°2

Day of September, in the Year of our Lord 1743, and «f our Reign the Seventeenth.

Hardwicke, C. Holies Newcastle,

H ir ring ton, P. Tweeddale,

Dorset, Winchilfea,

Grafton, 7/Wy,

Bolton, H. Pelham.

Montagu,

Ordered, That the said Copy, and Translation, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Temple- A Bill for naturalizing Andrew Templeman and John awnV Ire. Darlon, of London, Merchants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Mellish, Mr. APKay, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Liddell, Sir Cor del Fircbrace, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Finch, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shirley, Sir Francis Daftnvood, Nix. Lifter, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Selzvyn, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Ellis, Lord Gahvay; Sir Robert Long, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Proby, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Croffl, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Oswald, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, Mr. Uoblyn, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fellowes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

f — 1 o° J

A. 1743.

Martis, 1 o° die 'Januarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Livw A BIL L to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to A relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and Rogues, fcc. disorderly Persons 5 and to Houses of Correction; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Noel, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Inc hi quin, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lifter, Sir Jqf Pennington, Mr. Mujfenden, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Earle, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr# Walker, Mr. Walter, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Vane, Mr. Young, Sir James Grant, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Packer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Henry Finch, Lord Perceval, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ord, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Chester, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Williams, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenyns, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Legge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Yorke, Mr French, Mr. Oswald; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

New Malton A Petition of the Borough Bailiff and Inhabitants of Butter Mar- the Borough of New Malton, in the North Riding of the ket, &c. County of York, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Butter is One of the chief Commodities of the ProduCl of several Parts of the County of York, near to the said Borough; and great Quantities thereof are brought into the said Borough of New Malton; through which runs a navigable River, whereby the said Butter, and other Commodities, are from thence sent to the City of London> and otherwise disposed of; and that

there hath. Time out of mind, been within the said Borough a free Market for Butter; but there is not, as in some other adjacent Markets for Butter, any particular Place for keeping such Market; nor are the Farmers of Dairies, and Owners of Butter brought to the said Market, obliged to have their Butter searched, weighed, or sealed there; by reason whereof, several Trader* in the said Commodity have been greatly deceived in the Weight, Goodness, and Soundness, of the said Commodity; and such Butter, so bought at the said Borough, for want of a proper Weigher, is reduced in its Credit, and made to bear a less Price than at other Markets where a proper Place and Person are appointed for felling, searching, weighing, and lealing, the fame; and representing to the House, That if a particular Place was to be appointed within the said Borough for keeping the said Market, and all the Butter brought in Firkins, Half Firkins, Tubs, or other Vessels, to such Market, was to be weighed, (earched, and sealed, it would effectually prevent the Frauds and Abuses in the salt’e Weighing and Packing of Butter brought to such Market; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appointing a particular Place within the said Borough for keeping the said Market, and for viewing, searching, weighing, and sealing, all the Butter brought in Firkins, Half Firkins, Tubs, or other Vessels, to the said Market; and that such other Provision may be made for preventing the Frauds and Abuses by the Faultinest, false Weight, and Packing, of the Butter brought to the said Market, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioa of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Mo/fyn, Mr. Finch, Mr. Edwin, Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Gaftiry, M r. Winnington, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Earle, M r. Crowle, Colonel Townsend, Mr. Legge, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Prowse, General Wentworth, Mr# Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Nix. Bladen, Nlx.Pilsworth, Mr. Plumer, Lord Gage, Sir John Turner, Mr. Levinz, Colonel Boc-land, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mordaunt, Sir John Cujl, Lord Sun Jon, Mr. Watson, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Chapman, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Legh, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shirley, Lord Strange, Mr. Chester, Mr. Williams, Mr. Grenville, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Pryfe, Sir John Philipps, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Dr. Butler, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Gore, Major Cornwallis, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Warburton, Sir John Shelley, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Blagrave, Sir John St. Aubin, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Liddell, Sir John Barrington, Lord Chetwynd\ and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rawlinson Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1744. — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Ordnance

Eftiuute.

ij Geo. II.

i o° Januarii.

5°£

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1744.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges, Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, augmented and formed into Six Companies, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 7th March 1741, with the annual Charge of One thousand Pounds for an Academy for their

Instruction.....-

The Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, 'Placentia, and North Britain - -

The Pay of Engineers sent to Georgia and South Carolina, Bahama I Hands, Annapolis, Canso, St. John's, and the Harbours of Newfoundland -Pay of Officers who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, ' Spain, and on several Expeditions, and are superannuated -

38.83S 7 6

19,508 10 10

IX>574 S 5

1,460 — —

450 10 10

EXTRAORDINARIES. Towards carrying on the"J (Gibraltar,

Fortifications, repairing f \ Mahon,

of Storehouses, and sup- f J Annapolis, plying Stores, - - -3 LPlacentia,

10.000

10.000

2.000

3.000

Twelve Months Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and other Attendants, with the Hire of Horses and Waggons for the Trains of Artillery in the Au/lrian Netherlands, from the ift

January, to the 31st December, 1744* - ....

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness and Gillingham Fort, -Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth -Towards carrying on the Fortifications and Barracks at ¥oxtAuguftus^\n the Highlands of Scotland, Towardsbuilding and repairing the Fortifications in the BahamaXfan&s pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 14th February 1 74 and Lords Justices Order, id November 1743,

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre, ——

E X C E E D IN G S, for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament.

To complete the Charge of building the Hospital, or Infirmary, and Hutts,

with Ground Rent for the fame, for the use of his Majesty’s Land Forces £. s. d.

in Jamaica, pursuant to the Lords Justices Warrant, 9th September 1741, 2,596 17 —

Pay of an additional Company to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from the

ift July, to 31st, December, 1743,by his Majesty’s Warrant 7th March 1742, 2,672 15 6

Ordnance and Stores for the Province of Massachusett's Bay, pursuant to

Order of the Lords Justices in Council, 30th June 1743, - - - 4*877 16 4

Arms and Tents to Four Regiments of Foot and Two Regiments of Dra- goons, pursuant* to his Majesty’s Warrants, 7th February, 7th and 14th

March, 1742, - -.....- - 2,425 5 —

To complete the new Proportion of Ordnance and Stores for the Security and Defence of the Island of Minorca, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,

‘ the 28th July 1742, - .....5,66a — i\

Bedding for 500 Men draughted from the Garrison of Gibraltar, to serve on board the Fleet in the Mediterranean, by his Majesty’s Warrant, 25th Jar nuary 1742, - - -- 745 6 —

Ordnance, Mortars, Shells, Shot, and Stores, sent to the Bahama Islands and South Carolina, to replace those lent for the Siege of St. Augustine, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 16 December 1742, - - 799 17 5

Musquets, Powder, and other Stores, sent to New 'York for a Present to the Nations of Indians in the British Interest, pursuant to Order of the Lords

Justices, 12 July 1743* - -.....- 583 10 —

Ordnance and Stores sent to Brighthelmstone, Seaford and Dover, for their Security and Defence, pursuant to Orders of the Lords Justices in Council,

12th July, and ift September, 1743, - - - - i*5ai 6 3

To complete the Charge of Ordnance, Mortars, Powder,

Shot, Shells, Pontons, and Stores, for the Field and Battering Trains sent to the Austrian Netherlands, to the 31st December 1742, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 29th May, 17th August, 9th September, and £.

29th October, 1742,.....40,339

And towards the Hire of extra Horses and Waggons, Forage, and defraying Contingencies of the said Trains, to 31st December 1743, -

d.

7L828

*4 7

s.

d. 14 —

25,000 ~-----

45,000

3»oooo

5.000

2.000

3,000

10,600

10,000 — —

Towards repairing the Fortifications at St. John's and Ferryland, for the Security and Defence of Newfoundland, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 6th December 1743, -

50*339 *4 —

1,700 —

George Wade, W. R. Earle,

VOL. 24.

Tho. Lascelles, A. Wilkinson.

Geo. Gregory,

73>924 7 7

239>353

l 2f

Ordered,

hunn’i

Nat.

Services

Incurred*

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Chatham

Hoad.

594 i o° — 11 — 120 Januafii. . A. 1743.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. City of Rochester, to St. Dmftan's Cross, near the City of

Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was committed, That Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Morning, Nine of the Clock. arid found the same to be true; and that the Com-

__________n>ittee had gone through the Bill, and made feveraf

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Mercurii, Il° die *fanuarii i report to the House; and he read the Report in hi*

J Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amerid-

Anno if Georgii II. Reels, 174*. nients>inat lhe Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

1 ® were once read throughout; and then a Second time.

Prayers. one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-

THE Lord Sidney Beauclerk reported from the Com- upon, were agreed to by the House.

mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Rn- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-do/ff T'hunn, of London, Merchant* was committed, That grofied.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* '

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Westminster

had directed him to report the Bi-ftto-the House, without count, shewing how the Money granted last Session of any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Colle-Clerk’s Table. - £iate Church. of St. Peter Westminster, hath been di£

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. posed of.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be forthwith laid before this House

It passed in the Negative.

TKe Ordef of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into1 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to h’19 Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfeff into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces,.for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, foRthe Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker refused the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported fom the Committee, That they had come to ffeveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to repoCt, wheti the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mof row Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House* that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Doctor Lee, from the Commissioners for executing she Navy Officers Orfice of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- 0Q Halt-pay. fenfed to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all she Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Sea Officers, now on Half pay; specifying the Dates of their-several Commissions, and the Time when they were respe&rvely put on Half Pay.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the Other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Cranford unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act Bridge, &c. of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reigry Road' of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Mid-d/efex. to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, for repairing the said Road, from and after the First Day of Jun*

1727, for the Term of Orie‘-and-Twenty Years: That the Petitioners finding the said Road in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficientj they have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money for putting the same into, and keeeping the same in Repair; and that the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, principal Money, is now due on the Credit of the said Act; which, with the Income of the said Tolkcolleded, hath been duly paid and applied for the Intefeft of the Money borrowed, and in repairing the said Road; and that in regard the Money now due on the Credit of the fqbfifting Term cannot be repaid, and the said Road be effectually amended and kept in good Repair for the future, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, for so long a Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And then the House adjourned till To-mdrrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743. Prayers.

S I R Edward Bering reported from the Committee, to whom the - Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by at* Ad, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^for repairing and widening the

Consideration of a Committee: And (hat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Roger New-digate, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Packer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham* Mr. West, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Pitt, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir John Phillipps, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Rowney, Dr. Lee, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Thursby, Mr. tVilkinson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Waif on, ‘ Lord Strange, Lord Perceval, Lord Chetwyitde, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Southwell; and all the Members

who

17 Geo. II. 11 — 130 Januarii. 505

Supply.

who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Berks, and Qx&n: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re* ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Six hundred Thirty-four thousand Three hundred and Forty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twenty-one thousand Three hundred and Fifty- eight effective Men (Commission and Non-commission Officers included), to be employed in Flanders, for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Nineteen thousand and Twenty-eight effective Men (Commission and Non-commi flion Officers included), be employed for the Service of the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Sixty-one thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence One Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Nineteen thousand and Twenty-eight effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines (Commission and Non-com mi (lion Officers included), employed for the Year 1743, be continued for the Servico of the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Six thousand Eight hundred and Six Pounds Ten Shillings, be

g-anted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the id Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines (Commission and Non-commission Officers included,) for the Service of the Year 1744.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 130 d Januarii j

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of I.ancafer, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England: And also,

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Gloucestershire, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Office of Coroner is One of the most antient Offices belonging to the Crown, and was formerly executed by Persons of high Rank and considerable Estates; and that no Fee or Reward was ever allowed for the Execution of the said Office, lave in Cafes of Murder, where they are intitled to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence of the Goods of the Murderer; and that, of late Years, only Persons of small Fortunes or Estates have been chose into the said Office; several of whom are often obliged to ride Fifty or Sixty Miles from their own Habitation, at great Expences, and spend several Days in taking Inquisitions, examining Witnesses, fsfr. to the great Neglect of their private Affairs, and Detriment of their Families; and that the said Coroners are oftentimes prosecuted, and run to great Expences, at Sessions and Assizes, for accepting of any Pay or voluntary Gift from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for their Trouble and Expences in their Journies to take Inquisitions; and that the said Coroners, finding themselves unable to attend the Duty of their Office for nothing; and, to avoid such Trouble and Prosecutions, and that the Deaths of his Majesty’s Subjects may be inquired into, and Murder may not be concealed, and that his Majesty, and Lords of Liberties and Franchises, may nut be defrauded of their Deodands, &c, have, found it necessary to apply to the House for Relief: And therefore praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroper may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem

riSht

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Baker, Deputy Secretary at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1743» to the 2 jth Day of December 1744, both inclufiyc: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Hessian Troops paid by Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1743, to the 25th Day of December 1744, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

The said Estimatcs arc as followeth; viz.

O&Ce of

Curontf.

Ditto.

Hanoverian and Hessian Troop*.

Anno 17° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Templeman’s A/TR. Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom Ac. Nat. jLVJL the Bill for naturalizing Andrew Templeman and John Darlon, of London, Merchants, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted*

Vol. 24*

tf N ESTJMATB

506 i 1* Januar*743‘

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 5,513 Horse and 10,755 Foot, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1743, to the 25th Day of December 1744, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Pay in Holland Money for 366 Days. Reduced into Stealing, at 10 G. 10S. to the Pound.

The ordinary Pay of the Horse The ordinary Pay of the Foot Numbers. 5*5*3 - IO»755 Guilders. St. 2,118,033 6 10 1,604,082 11 5! £ * <! *01,717 9 Ii 152,769 15 4

16,268 The ordinary Pay of the General Officers The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery The ordinary Recruit Money for the Horse The ordinary Recruit Money for the Foot - 3,722,1*5.17 J51 152,626 19 7i *°3>*37 3 6 72,781 4 5i 83.958 9 *i 354,487 4 5 *4,535 18 — 9,822 12 8 6,931 10 10 7,996 — it

War Office, 13th January 174$ Total - - - - 4,134,619 14 4 393.773 .6 1

mil. Yonge.

Memorandum: No 'Estimate can be made for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, i$c.

for the Year 1744.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,264 Horse and 4,908 Foot of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1743, to the 25th Day of December 1744, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

/ Pay in Holland Money for 366 Days. Reduced into Sterling, at 10 G. 10 St. to the Pound,

Numbers. Guilders. St. d. £ s. d.

The Pay of the Horse - - - - . - 1,264 491,15418 5 46,776 13 14.

The Pay of the Foot 4,908 742,727 9 3 70,735 18 11*

6,172 1,233,882 7 8 117,512 12 I

The Pay of the General Officers - 46,024 10 — 4,383 5 8i

The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery 41,601 19 13 i 3,962 1 9i

For the annual Subsidy of 1 Jo,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Amsterdam,' payable for these Forces, from the 26th Day of December 1743* to the 25th Day of December 1744, both inclusive, being 366 Days, com- 1 putedat 4J. 9! d. per Crown - - J War Office, 13th January 174!. 1,321,508 17 si ’ Total - - - £. 125,857 19 7* 36,093 15 — 161,951 .14 74

Will. Yonge.

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon ! Money, &c.

for the Year 1744.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Westminster The House being informed, that Mr. Owen Davies, Abbey. from t^e Dean and Chapter of Wefimbifier, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Poor Laws. Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second time.

'Grdertdf, That the said Billbepfinted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve^he Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scudamore his-now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give public' Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor*, and to produce the fame, without any Amendment.

And theni the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry 'Duke of Beaufort, with Frances Scudamore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

JVIr.

Duke of Beaufort’s Divorce.

Orerifcers

obliged to produce Poor Rates.

Duke of Beaufort’s Divorce.

Ways and Means.

0

*7 Geq. II.

13° — 16°

S°7

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dir^sted him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report oe received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he \yas directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Lawi Ordered, That Mr. Southwell’, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Proby,

f-g to Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Wilkinson, be gatends, &c. at^ed to Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; is committed.

Adjournment. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do adjourn till Monday Morning next; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, ^AuDmamb'’:}

Tellers for heNoe,] «3-So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?j 16° die "Januarii;

Britain, from the Twenty-third Day. of June 1744, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1745.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thai a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fane, 'Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr, Gybbon, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Attorney’

General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr.

Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Hessian Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Troops, rections, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Establishment of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJe Cajfel in the Pay of Great Britain, including the General Officers and Train of Artillery; together with their Pay.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Hanoverian Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Troops, regions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage and Waggon Money, and other Expences incurred and not provided for by Parliament, for the Troops otHanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1743.

Resolved, That an humble Address. be presented to his Reffian Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Troops, reftions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage and Waggon Money, and other Expences incurred and not provided for ^Parliament, for the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1743- .;

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as. are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Anno 170 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Chatham A ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by. an Act, pasted in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Ro chefer, to St. jOunJian's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Qdward Dering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for exe- Sjjipsiri cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Commission, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- *c. count of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels now in Gom-mission, their Complement of Men, with an Account of the Numbers borne and mustered in each Ship and Vessel, from the last Two Months Abstract, preceding the 23th of December 1742, for those Ships which were Cocu-mission before that time, and for those which have; been commissioned since, from their First Muster after they were put in Commission, to this time; with the Time when, and Place where, each Two Months Muster was made; and also the Place where each Ship and Vessel now is, and under whose Command.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ways Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from

*nd Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llesolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act: of Parliament of the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1744, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and onall Mum which shall be made or imported, and all C^der and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Vol. 24.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County officeof of Stafford, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Co- Coroner, roners, of different Counties and Liberties in the Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the House, That the Office of Coroner is One of the most antient Offices belonging to the Crown, and was formerly executed by Persons of high Rank and considerable Estates; and that no Fee or Reward was ever allowed for the Execution of the said Office, save in Cafes of Murder, where they are entitled to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence of the Goods of the Murderer; and that, nf late Years, only Persons of small Fortunes or Estates nave been chose into the said Office; several of whom are obliged frequently to ride Fifty or Sixty Mises from their own Habitations, at great Expences, and spend several Days in taking Inquisitions, examining Witnesses,

&c. to the great Neglect: of their own private Affairs,

508

i 6* — 170 Januarii.

A. 1743,

Supply.

Supply Ml; Duties on Malt, Ice.

Thumbs

Nat.

Office of Coroner.

Ditto*

and detriment of their Families; and that the said Coroner?, are oftentimes prosecuted, and run to great Expences, at Sessions and Assizes, for accepting of any Pay or voluntary Gift from any of his Majesty's Subjects for their Trouble and Expences in their Journies to take Inquisitions; and that the said Coroners, finding themselves unable to attend their said Duties for nothing, and to avoid such Troubles and Prosecutions, and that the Deaths of his Majesty’s Subjects may be inquired into, and Murder may not be concealed, and that his Majesty, and the Lords of Liberties and Franchises may not be defrauded of their Deodands, &c. have found it necessary to apply to the House for Relief: And therefore praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis> 170 die januarii \

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Praters.

MR. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1744: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Rudolff Thunn, of London, Merchant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Rudolff Thunn, of Lon~ don, Merchant.

Ordered, That Mr. Warburton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties of this Kingdom of England: And also,

A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the COunty of Chester, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Office of Coroner is One of the most antient Offices belonging to the Crown, and was formerly executed by Persons of high Rank and considerable Estates: That no Fee or Reward was ever allowed for the Execution of the said Office, save in Cafes of Murder, where they are entitled to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence of the Goods of the Murderer: That, of late Years, only Persons of small Fortunes or Estates have been chose into the said Office; severalof whom are often obliged to ride Fifty or Sixty Miles from their own Habitations, at great Expences, and spend several Days in taking Inquisitions, examining Witnesses, &c. to the great Neglect of their private Affairs, and Detriment of their Families: That they the said Coroners are oftentimes prosecuted, and run to great Expences, at Sessions and Assizes, for accepting of

Market, ftc.

any Pay or voluntary Gift from any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for their Trouble and Expences in their Journies to take Inquisitions: That the said Coroners finding themselves unable to attend the Duty of their Office for nothing, and to avoid such Trouble and Prosecutions, and that the Deaths of his Majesty’s*

Subjects may be inquired into, and Murder may not be concealed, and that his Majesty, and Lords of Liberties and Franchises, may not be defrauded of their Deodands, fcfr. have found it necessary to apply to this House for Relief: And therefore praying,

That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees an-, nexed, as to the House shall seem right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Colonel Mofiyn reported from the Committee, to whom New Milton the Petition of the Borough Bailiff and Inhabitants of the But, Cf Borough of New Mallon, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near to the said Borough, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Thomas Belch; who, being examined, said. That Butter is One of the chief Commodities of the Product of several Parts of the County of York, particularly near to the Borough of Neiv Malton; and great Quantities thereof are brought to the said Borough; through which runs a navigable River, whereby Butter and other Commodities are conveyed from thence to the City of London and other Parts: That there hath been, Time out of mind, within that Borough a free'Market for Butter, but no particular Place appointed for keeping such Market; nor are the Farmers of Dairies, and Owners of Butter, obliged to have their Butter searched, weighed, or sealed there; which is a great Diladvantage to those who make it, and a Discouragement to the Dealers therein, who have been frequently deceived in the Weight and Goodness of such Butter; whereby the Credit thereof hath been reduced, and the Value lessened.

Mr. Abraham Dehorn, being examined, confirmed that Part of the Evidence given by Mr. Belch, of the Dealers having been frequently deceived in the Weight and Good- , ness of Butter.

And both the Witnesses further said, that if a particular Place was appointed within the said Borough for keeping such a Market, and the Butter brought in Firkins, Half Firkins, Tubs, or other Vessels, was to be weighed, searched, and sealed, it would effectually prevent the Frauds and Abuses in thefalfe Weighing and Packing of Butter brought to that Market, and be a general Good to the Town and Country.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the committing of Abuses in Weighing and Packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of New Malt on, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the committing of Abuses in the Weighing and Packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of New Mal~ ton, in the County of York: And that Colonel Mostyn,

Mr. Cholmley Turner, Major General IVentworth, and Mr.

Henry Finch, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An

Forces. Ordnance. Navy,

An ACCO UN T, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1743 hath been disposed of; distinguistied tinder the feverat Heads, until the 23d Day of January 1743*and the < Parts thereof remaining un&tisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

For the Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 40,000 Men for 13 Months, beginning the ift Day of January 1742 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers - For the Freight of Transports, between the ift January 1741, and 3*^ December 1742 For the Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the ift January 1741, and 31st December 1742 -

Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

For Ordnance, Sea Service -

For D°, Land Service ——

( For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Sendee, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of 16,359 Men, Commission and Nori-commission Officers included, in Flanders, for the Year 1743 ——

For defraying the Charge of 23,610 effective Men for Guards, and Garrisons, 13c. Anno 1743 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Canjo, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the Year 1743 - -

For defraying the Charge of 5,513 Horse, and 10,755 Footvof the Troops of Hanover, together, with the General Officers and the Train of Artillery, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 31st Day of August, to the 25th Day of December, 1742, both ihclusive - - .

J For defraying the Charge of the said Troops from the 26th December 1742, to_the 25th De-\ cember 1743, both inclusive - - 7 -

For defraying the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the , King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejje\ Caffely \n the Pay-of Great Britain, from the 26th of December 1742, to 25th December 1743, hoth inclusive - - - -

Upon Account of Half-pay to the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land forces and Marines, for the Year 1743 , - _ -

For Pensions, for the Year 1743, to the Widows of the Officers married before Christmas 1716 For defraying extraordinary Expences and Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred Anno 1742, and npt provided for byParli ament - - _ - - i-

Towards the Support of the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe For defraying the Charge of 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Year 1743

S. d.

1,916,000 —

188,558 *3 5

133.871 8 11

35.075 9 1

104,000

146,637 7 2

98,048 13 5

534.763 5

647,862 5 10

266,616 6 5i

265,191 6

392.697 8 3

161,607 17 «i

26,137 - — 10

3.918 — —

41.435 18 8k

Sums granted.

s.

2»333>5°5 5

10,000 — - —

348,686 — 7

Sums paid.

2,340,229

500,000

206*253

8 4i

15 "

x. d.

2,269,230 18 8i 10,000 -

348,686

Remains'to be paid;

2,340,129 8 4i

500,000 — —

148.494 3 4

£ S. d.

64,274

57.759 " 8

(Jr»

'iuvntm£ 'll

D

CQ

N'

0

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

ft

L

o

*u

a

o

u

o

Q

y

For making good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1744 To replace, to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1741 -

To replace, to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, for One Year’s Interest, due on or before 5th November 1742, on the principal Sum of £. 1,200,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties 1741 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Sweets, at Michaelmas 1742 - -

To replace, to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty upon Victuallers, at Michaelmas 174a -

To make good the Deficiency of Malt 1741, at Lady Day 1743 - -

sTo make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1741, at Michaelmas 1743 -

c

58,869

s.

*5

d.

7*

3,819 — 2

42,000 — — 13,786 10 ii§

4*333

134*063

121,078

10

17

16

1

ioi

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coast of Africa ——

Towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, fVeJimiufter -

Towards finifiling the Bridge building cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, tsfe. For the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia -

For Rewards to the Cashiers of the Bank, who were appointed Receivers of the Million contributed for Annuities transferrable at the Bank; as also of the Contributions to the Lottery for Eight hundred thousand Pounds, and for the Charge of passing their Accounts thereof* and for Rewards, and incident Charges, attending the drawing the said Lottery, and delivering out Certificates for Blanks and Prizes* by Estimation -

Sums granted. Sums pak)# Remains to be paid;

£. s. d. £, s. d.

377*95* " 377*95* *» Si

10.000 — — 4.000 25.000 — — 12.000 — — 10,000 4,000 — — 25.000 — — 12.000

13,400 — — 13,400

jr. s.

2, OOOO,coo ——

750.000 -

980.000 -

800.000 -

1,000,000

518,600 - ]

12,496 2 5f

6,061,092 2 si

119.934 4 4i

6,181,026 6 loj

The Grants towards supplying the said Services,

By the Land Tax, Anno 1743.

By the Malt Duty, Anno 1743.

By Annuities transferrable at the Bank, exclusive of£.20,000 paid for prompt Payment, at £. 2 per Cent.

By Contributions to the Lottery, Anno 1743.

By the Sinking Fund.

By Exchequer Bills on the Duty for Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, which, with £.481,400 applied to discharge

the like Sum raised. A" 1726, on the Victuallers Duty, completes the Sum of£. 1,000,000 charged upon the said Duty for Licenses.

6,181,02 6 6 10J 6,058,992 2 j-J

Towards which there remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to the Annuities and Lottery, Amo 1743

And then the Deficiency of the Grants will be

122,034 4 4f 2,100 — —

"9.934 4

In Obedience to his Majestyrs Command; on an Add re Is of the Honourable the House of Commons, this Account is Rated, and humbly presented, by me,

Peter Leheup.

23d January 1743.

cn

M

4*

23° Januarii. 1743.

17 Geo. II. iJanuarii515

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, and that the said Road lies in a low, flat, miry

to be peruied by the Members of the House. Country, and near unto the Wolds, or Rangc of Hills,

Office of A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County Coroucr. of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for -

shire, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Office of Coroner is one of the most antient Offices belonging to the Crown, and was formerly executed by Persons of high Rank, and considerable Estates; and that no Fee or Reward was ever allowed for the Execution of such Office, save in Cafes of Murder, where they are intitled to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence of the Goods of the Murderer; and that, of late Years, only Persons of small Fortunes or Estates have been chose into the said Office; several of whom are often obliged to travel Fifty or Sixty Miles from their own Habitations, at great Expences, and spend several Days in taking Inquisitions, examining Witnesses, &c. to the great Neglect of their private Affairs, and Detriment of their Families; and that they the said Coroners are oftentimes prosecuted, and run to great Expences, at Sessions and Assizes, for accepting of any Pay, or voluntary Gift, from any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for their Trouble, and Expences in their Journies, to take inquisitions; and that the said Coroners, finding themselves unable to attend the Duty of their Office for nothing, and to avoid such Trouble and Prosecutions, and that the Deaths of his Majesty’s Subjects may be inquired into, and Murder may not be concealed, and that his Majesty, and Lords of Liberties and Franchises, tnay not be defrauded of their Deodands, fsV. have found it necessary to apply to this House for Relief: And therefore praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature of the Office of Coroner, may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Counted of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Holdernesse’j naturalizing Mary Countess of Wife of

Robert Earl of Holdernesse: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cingfton A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, under their Common Seal: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, who have thereunto affixed their Common Seal;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the said Town of Kingston upon Hull to the said Town of Beverley, is Part of the great public Highway leading from the City of , and from,

and other Towns in the County of , to the said Town of Beverley, and from thence to the City of York, and Towns of Scarborough and , and

other considerable Towns in the said County of York;

Vol. 24.

running through the said East Riding, from whence great Quantities of Water, in rainy Seasons, descend, and overflow great Part of the said Road; by reason whereof, and the Deepness of the Soil in most Places, the same is become lb ruinous and deep, that the same is, in Winter, and frequently in the Summer Seasons, impassable for Wheel Carriages, and dangerous for Travellers on Horselrack to pal's through the fame; and that the greatest Part of the said Road ought to be repaired by the Inhabitants of several small Villages or Hamlets lying contiguous thereto, who have frequently been assessed, and obliged to pay, Six Pence in the Pound, for all the J.nnds and Tenements lying the rein, towards the Repairs of the same Road, besides performing their common Day-works therein; but that it hath been found impracticable, by any of the Methods prescribed by the Laws in being, to put the said Road into any tolerable Condition of Repair; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, unless tome further Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose t And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. C, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Watson, Sir Edmond Isham, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynn, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Sir John Ram/den, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bennet, Lord Perceval, Mr. Wiff on, Mr. Alderman , Sir Francis

Dashwood, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Walker, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Sir Cordell

Firebrace, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Mr. Master, Mr. Gore, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Mr.

Buller, Mr. Hayward, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Mr. Carter, Mr. Digby, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Roll,

Mr. Muir, Sir John Hamilton, Sir Philipps, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Scot, Mr. Abercrombie; ard all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Lincoln, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, irf the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees. whose Names are thereunto stiipaon subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- To)i-gate ment, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his prc-sent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipslon Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and of several Creditors under the said Act, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted and made payable by the said Act, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for the Repairing of the said Road (in Length Twelve Miles, or thereabouts); which, at the Time of passing the said Act, was, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages passing through the fame, so ruinous that many Parts thereof were impassable for Carriages and Waggons, and for Horses laden, and some other Parts very dangerous for Travellers; and that, by a Clause in the said Act, the Tolls that should arile at the Gate called Shipston Toll-gate, after a certain Time therein mentioned, were diiefted to be applied towards . 4 repairing the Road leading from Shipston Toll-gate to ’*

Shipston upon Stower, and from thence to the Top of Long Compton Hill; and it is declared, That the said Gate shall (land charged with, and be liable to, the Payment of the Sum of Five hundred PoundsP art of the Sum of One thousand

*3° Januarii.

A. 1743.

thouCind Pounds before advanced and lent on the said Toll-gate; and also on a Gate, commonly called

Lane Gate, erected by virtue of another Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upAvon, to Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick, and the Interest then or thereafter to be due and owing for, or in respect of, the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds only; and that the Trustees appointed to put the said first-mentioned Act in Execution, finding the Roads, thereby directed to be amended, to be very ruinous at the Time of the pairing thereof, and the yearly Income, then arising from the Tolls thereby granted, not sufficient to put the said Road into such Repair as that Passengers might pals through the same with Safety, were obliged to borrow several considerableSums of Money (over and above the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, so charged upon the said Gate called

toll-gate)for that Purpose; which laid Sums of Money, so borrowed and charged, still remain due and owing on the Credit of the said Act; and that such Part of the said Roads as have already been amended, will, in a short Time, become ruinous again, and almost impassable, if constant Care be not taken to repair the fame, the Soil thereof being deep, and many heavy Carriages passing > and repalling that Way; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees, find the Repairs of the said Road, cannot, during the subsisting Term, be completed, and the Money, now due to the several Mortgagees, repaid, unless the Term and Powers, by the said first-mentioned Act granted, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging tire Term and Powers aforesaid, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Mr. Yorke, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fox, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Buller, Dr. Butler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmond lsham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Master, Mr. Duncombe, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Carter, Lord Strange, Mr. Cotton, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir John Barrington, Mr. IVigley, Sir Boteler Char-nocke, Mr. IVi/fon, Mr. Gore, Colonel Stuart, Mr. Digby, Mr. Grey, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Mr Mr. Gren-

ville, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Lifter, M Mr. Pylts, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Watson, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Colonel Holmes,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Evans, Colonel Mr. Ptyfe, Mr.

Fomereau, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Barring-

ton, Admiral Vernon-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Warwick, Gloucester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Harlow The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according Road. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Bush Fair Common, in the Parish of low, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Stump Cross, in or near the furthermost Part of the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Affidavits in Mr. Fazakerley presented to the House, according to the Court* of Order, a Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be the County made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Lancaster. of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Linen* Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

imported.

House, an Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from 1740,

to Christmas 1743, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Honourable Edward Digby Esquire, Dukeof on the behalf of himself, and of the Issue Male of his Beaufort* Body, all now Infants, respectively, under the Age of ^lvorct-Twenty-one, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That by a Settlement made by fames Lord Viscount Scudamore, since deceased, several Estates, therein mentioned, were conveyed to the use of Frances the now Wife of the most Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort for 'Life, Remainder to her First and other Sons successively, in Tail General; Remainder to her First and other Daughters successively, in Tail General; with Remainder to the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with Remainders over: That there is a Bill, now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scudamore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Thar, in the Manner the^ Bill is now worded, the Petitioner is advised, that some Doubts may arise, which may affect the Interest of him and his Family: And therefore praying to be heard by his Counsel, touching the said Bill; and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Provisions, for the Security of the Interest of the Petitioner and his Family, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel before the said Committee, upon his laid Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there* Chappdoy unto Cubscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of lhe Heal11 Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the in the County of

Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable, during the Term of One-and-twenty Years, for repairing the said Road (in Length Eight Miles, or thereabouts); which Road was, at the Time of , passing the said Act, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, so ruinous and bad, that, in the WinterSeafon, faveral Parts thereof were almost impassable for Waggons and Carriages; and that, in order to make the said Road nailable, the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money to carry on the Repairs, the yearly Income, arising from the said Tolls granted, being not sufficient for that Purpose; and that there is now due and owing, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, or thereabouts; which Money so borrowed, and also the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act: That such Parts of the said Road as have already been amended, unless constant Care be taken to keep the same in Repair, will, in a short time, become ruinous again, and impassable; many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the said Road: That the Petitioners find the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act, cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be effectually amended, during the subsisting Term: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Matter

to

*1*

Us

»R(

jL

§*§i

17 Geo. II. a 3° — 24° J. 517

Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it shall appear Persons; and toHouses of Correction; was committed, to them, to the House: That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

And it is referred to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gybbon, made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Digby, Mr. Compton, Sir 'Thomas directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Drury, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vere, Mr. Wilkinson, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill;

Mr. P/umptre, Sir James Dafhvjood, Lord Barrington* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Mr Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fqley, Mr. Boone, the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a

Mr. Rowney, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hay, Second time, one by one \ and, upon the Question feve- Mr. Pitt, S\r John Barrington, Admiral Vernon, Mr. rally put thereupon (except One which was disagreed tol, Gren+iUe; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- were; with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by ties of Oxon, Gloucester, Warwick, Worcester, and Salop: the House; and several Amendments were made by the

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, House to the Bill.

in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be Persons, Papers, and Records. ingrossed;

The Order of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday

tad Meant. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to Consider further of Ways and Means For railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 40 die Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

PRAYERS.

Office of A PETITION of his Majesty’s Coroners for the Coroner. County of Cumberland, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England: And also, biuo. A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County of Lincolnshire, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Office of Coroner is One of the most antient Offices belonging to the Crown, and was formerly executed by Persons of high Rank and considerable Estates; and that no Fee or Reward Was ever allowed for the Execution of the said Office, save in Cafes of Murder, where they are entitled to Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence of the Effects of the Murderer; and that, of late Years, only Persons of small Fortunes or Estates have been chose into the said Office; several of whom are often obliged to ride Fifty or Sixty Miles from their own Habitation, at great Expences, and spend several Days in taking Inquisitions, examining Witnesses, fsV. to the great Neglect of their private Affairs, and Detriment of their Families; and that they, the said Coroners, are oftentimes prosecuted, and run to great Expences, at Sessions and Assizes, for accepting of any Pay or voluntary Gift from any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for their Trouble and Expences in their Journies to take Inquisitions; and that the said Coroners, finding themselves unable to attend the Duty of their Office for nothing, and to avoid such Trouble and Prosecutions, and that the Deaths of his Majesty’s Subjects may be inquired into, and Murder may not be concealed, and that his Majesty and Lords of Liberties and Franchises, may not be defrauded of their Deodands, l£c. have found it necessary to apply to this House for Relief: And therefore praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lawsrekting Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the

Va£iifU<dl to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating 17 ' to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderljr

Vol. 24.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Scotch Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Wallace and George Wijhart, Commissioners for and on the behalf of

the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow and Edinburgh, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Members of the House informed your Committee, that there was no legal Fund for Maintenance of the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church, or Matters in the Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland *, who are frequently left in indigent Circumstances, without any Provision for their Subsistence or Education, save only small Allowances made by feme Synods and Presbyteries, which are voluntary and uncertain, and amount in the Whole to a very inconsiderable Sum.

Then the Reverend Mr. Wallace, Moderator of the Commission of the late General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, produced to the Committee an Extra# of an A# of the said General Assembly, extracted from their Records, and signed by William , Clerk to the said Assembly; which Act bears Date the 23d Day of 1743: Upon the Reading of which, it appeared to your Committee, that the said General Assembly, having taken-into their Consideration the deplorable same of the said Widows and Children, and having consulted with all the Ministers of the said Church, did approve of a Scheme or Plan for providing for the said Widows and Children, by an annual Rate payable by the Ministers of the Church out of their Stipends; viz the annual Rate ofjf. 2. tar. 6d.

or of £. 3. i$j. 9</. or of £. 5. 5*. c or of 1 u. lawful Money of Great Britain, in the Option of the said Ministers, to be applied to the Payment of proportionable Life-rent Annuities to their respective Widows* of £. 10, £. 15, £. 20, or £.25; and to the Payment of proportional Provisions to the Children of the said Ministers, of £. 100, £. 150, £. 200, or £. 250, lawful Money of Great Britain.

Mr. Wallace also produced to the Committee,

A Letter from the University of St. Andrews, dated 5/. Andrews, November 5th, 1743: And also,

Extra# of an Act of the University of Glasgow, dated 4th November 1743: And also,

A Represen tat ion and Petition of the Principal and Professors of the University of Edinburgh, dated 12th of May 1743:

Which were severally read.

Which laid Letter, Extra#, and Representation, were severally addressed to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, or their Commission; expressing the Desires

of the respective Universities to be comprehended in the said Scheme.

Than Mr. Wallace produced a Commission from the Commission of the late General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, dated at Edinburgh the 10th of November 1743, impoweiing himself and the Reverend Mr. Geo,

6 Q Wijhart

ct& -24° — :25° Jartuarii. A. 1743.

Wijhart to prosecuteand make Application to his Majesty and the Parliament, for obtaining an Act of Parliament for the Purposes mentioned in the Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty having been acquainted with the Subject-matter of the said Petition, and being convinced of the Piety and Charity of the Design therein mentioned, recommends it to the Consideration of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for railing and establishing a Fund fora Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities of St. Andrews, and Edinburgh:

And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord George Graham, Brigadier General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr.

Scot, Mr. Archibald Stewart, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Grant, and Mr. M'kie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Td-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 25° die Januarii 5

Anno 17° Georgii IF' Regis, 1743.

Pra YEUS.

Offceof \ PETITION of his Majesty’s Coroners for the

Cotmiir. f\ County of Kent, ihbeha fof themselves, and the

rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which they labour under in the Execution of their Office: And praying. That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I.e«ghho- A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exccu-rough Roads, tion an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of in the County of

Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of fington, in the said County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby through the Town of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to in the Parish of

Hartington, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the said Roads with Effect, the Petitioners borrowed Money on the Tolls thereby granted, and have applied the same to the several Purposes by the said Act directed; but the Tolls being fixed at very low Rates, considering the Extent of the Roads, and the same not producing, or being likely to produce. Money nearsufficient todischarge the said Debt, with the Interest attending it, and to complete the Repair of the Roads, there is a manifest Necessity, for that reason, that the same should be increased, and their Term of Payment further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term in the abovesaid Act, ar>d increasing the Tolls thereby granted, and amending and making the same more effectual, in such manner as'to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Aifinite, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bonnet, Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Mr. Williams, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Mr. South-

well, Mr. Page, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Stanley, Lord Chet-asoynd, Admiral Vernon, Mr. , Mr. Brereton,

Lord Gage, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Hoblyn, Colonel Beake,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Holmes,

Mr. Prowse, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cornewa/l, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Neale, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Grant, General Onslow, Sir Lifter Holt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Nottingham; And they are to meet this Atternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fencf for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Soipm lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of . Wa,te Soapers Waste imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, , D,horic<l-for Ten Years, to Michaelmas 1743 distinguishing each Year, together with an Account of the Duty paid thereon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Rippnn, Sc. thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Proprietors ludofure. of the common Field Lands lying in Rippon, and Bondgate, in the County of York, and Owners and Proprietors of antient Messuages, Cottages, and Tenements, claiming, and intitled to Right of Common in the said common Field Lands, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there arc several Lands and Grounds situate in Rippon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York, commonly called or known by the Name of Common Field Lands; the greatest Part whereof is inclosed, or distinguished by Mounds and Fences, and enjoyed as, and for, the fep.irate Freehold and Property of several of the Petitioners, who are Owners and Proprietors of the fame; and that several others of the Petitioners, who are Owners of antient Messuages, Cottages, and Tenements, situate in Rippon,

and Bondgate, aforesaid, in respect of the said Messuages,

Cott a^es, and Tenements, claim Common of Average in the same Premisses, or a Right and Privilege to turn in and departure their commonable Cattle upon the said Lands and Grounds, called Common Field Lands, at certain Rated Times in the Year, by a determinate Stint; and that the Ule and Exercise of the said Right of Common, in manner aforesaid, hath, by long Experience, been found to be a greater Prejudice to the Petitioners, the Freeholders and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so subject and liable to the fame, than a Benefit to the other Petitionersclaiming.and intitled to, such Common Right; and hath been attended with great Inconveniencies, Losses, and Mischiefs, to both Parties; and that, for preventing the said Mischiefs, and Inconveniencies for the future, the Petitioners have mutually consented and agreed, and are willing and desirous that the said Common of Average, and other Right and Privilege of Common above-mentioned, shall cease, determine, and be extinguished; and that a proper and adequate Recompence shall be provided, and be secured unto, and for the Benefit of, the several Owners and Proprietors of the said antient Messuages, Cottages, and Tenements, for the Time being, claiming, and intitled to, such Right of Common, as aforesaidJ, in lieu of, and as an Equivalent for, such their respective Common Right, as afore-mentioned; and that the settling, adjusting, and ascertaining, of the said Recompence and Equivalent shall be referred to the Consideration and Judgment of Sir MilesStapylton Baronet, and Sir John Itigleby Baronet, Andrew Wilkinson, William Danby, John Mi/bank, Gabelis Norton, Gregory Rhodes, John and

William Crompton, Esquires, Commissioners nominated and agreed upon by the Petitioners for that Purpose, or such of them as shall be willing to undertake the fame, together with such other Person or Persons as William Atflabie Esquire shall nominate and appoirt, in the room and dead of such of the said Commissioners as shall refuse or decline to act in the Premises, or to the Consideration and Judgment of any Five of the Commissioners so named, and to be named as aforesaid, for the Time being; and that although the executing and effecting the said Proposal and Agreement will tend to the Advantage of all the Petitioners, and be a Means to prevent a great Num-

iy Geo. II.

ber of TrespafiVs, Suits, and other Inconveniencies and Mischiefs, yet I he same cannot be establilbecLand made effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Lea^e, That a Bill may be brought in for establishing and confirming the same Agreement, and making the same effectual for the Purpo&9 thereby intended, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr* Vane, Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Rootle, lyif*- Comptroller, Mr. Fazakerley% Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Walter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Borrowftoun* A Petition of the Merchants, Ship-ma(rers, and other

nets Harbour, principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Rorrtozrjiounness, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Town of Borrozfflouhiiefs is extremely well situated for carrying on both foreign ’Trade and coasting Trade, to the great Benefit of the Country in general, and of that Town in particular; there being great Coal Works, and many Salt Works, very near to the Town: That these Advantages have, in a great measure, been loft to the Tow n and Country, by the Badness of its Harbour: That, in older to repair the fame, and put it in such a Situation as may render these natural Advantages useful to the Town and County, it shall be necessary to lay out a very considerable Sum of Money, which the Town has no Revenues to answer: And therefore praying. That a Duty of Two Penies Scots may be granted and laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be for Sale brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town and Parish of Borrowjlounness, payable by the Brewers, Venders, Sellers, and Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, during such Terms of Years, and

5*9

under such Regulations, as to the House shall feetry proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and repoit the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hope Weir, Lord Dupplir*,

Mr. Scotr Lord Hartington, Mr. Coke, Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Mellish, Dr. ButleV, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Gra-nardy Mr. Comptroller, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Legge,

Mr. Fenwick, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Watson%

Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Saville, Lord Strange,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Benuet, Mr. Newnham,

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fellozues, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Berk-ley* Mr. Gore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Jofm Philipps,

Mr. Edzvin, Sir James Grant, Mr. Boone, Mr. WinWord*

Sir John Turner, Mr. Williams, Mr. Chetzvynd; and all the Members who serve for North Britain; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Comyn, Ac- Duty comptant General of the Excise, attended at the Door; Cyder, He was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been annually charged for the Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead on Cyder and Perry, from the first laying it on upon the First Buyer of Cyder and Perry.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Acco.unt, and a Note therein, were read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

2 ^Januarii.

Ak ACCOUNT of what Money has been annually charged for the Duty of Hogshead on Cyder and Perry, from the first laying it on upon the Fivft Buyer of Cyder and Perry.

From 20 April 1697, to 24 June 1698 From 24 June 1698,10 24 June 1699 - -

From 24 June 1699, to 20 July following

Duty per Act commenced 9th March 1701, and determined 23d June 1

From 9 March 1701, to 24 June From 24th J 1702, to 24

Duty per Ad determined 23d June

- /

th July 1699; VIZ. X J ?. d.

- - - - 7,690 1 3 3*

- - - - 10,811 5

— - - - 1,750 10 2*

[ 23d June 1703; viz.

702 - - - 120 9 5>

7°3 - - - 10,02 3 9 4*

704 - - - 11,380 11 8

7°5 - - 15,686 19 2*

706 - m - 11,1 12 12 9*

707 - - - 10,614 5

708 - - 13,246 8 —

7°9 - - - 12,627 *7 7i

710 - - - 8,ll6 19 11

7" - - - 7,61° 2 II*

712 - - 11,692 9

7*3 - - - 9,508 19 —

7*4 - - - *5>5l7 13 10*

7i5 - - - 18,786 *3

716 m at - *5>°7I 3

7*7 - mm *4>53° 1 4

718 am - *3»3i5 11 2.

719 em - m 11,886 7 —

720 m m - *o.737 2

721 m - - 12,007 19 n*

722 m m 11,691 16 11

723 - - - *S>772 10 7

724 m m m 18,603 5

7 25 m - m 20,601 10 44

726 m - - 10,253 n 7*

727 - - - 15,909 $ *04

728 - - 13,032 17 2*

729 - - 11,097 *4

VOL. 24,

on

1

5*0

25* — <5* Januarii.

A. 1743,

i.

Duty per A A determined 2 3d June

- 7*895 3 U

*73* - - 16,625 *7 *i

173* - - 18,990 10}

1733 - ▲ 9*783 6 10

,734 fa - - 19,686 5 6|

*735 " - 17,865 7 9*

1736 - m - *,673 *7 10

*737 - 15,182 *4 *i

*738 - - 20,030 *3 *4

*739 - - 11,526 18 9

1740 - mm 11,121 *4 3i

*74* - - mm *3*389 5 *»t

1742 - - 7,686 *4 61

*743 8*39 *3 4»

Note. — No distinct Account can be given of what has been annually paid into the Exchequer upon this Duty; because the Payments into the Exchequer thereon are made promiscuously with what arisesfrom the other Commodities charged by the Malt Act, being applicable to the same Uses; and also, because the Charges of Management of this Branch of the Malt Act are blended with the other Branches thereof.

And we beg Leave further to observe,

That when the 4 s.Duty is charged on the First Buyer, it cannot then be determined whether such Cyder or Perry is for the First Buyer’s own Use only; because the 6 s.id Duty is not chargeable till such Cyder or 1‘erry is sold by Retail; which is frequently Six or Twelve Months after, or more; and therefore it is impracticable to distinguish what is annually paid by the First Buyer for his own Use only.

Excise-Office, London, 24th January 1743.

Ex* per Valens Comyn, Accomptant-General.

Cha. Polh J. Fowle,

Ja. Vernon,

R. Eyre,

H. Tozvnfiiend, IVm. Burton,

J. Orlebar

Aug. Earle.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Poor Law*. A Bill for remedying Ibme Defeats in the Act, made in the Forty- third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir yohn Philipps, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Lord Barrington, Mr. Cr, Lord , Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Oswald, Lord Mr.

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bennet, Lord Mr.

kerley, Mr, Geo. Grenville, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Charlton, Mr. IVinford, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir James Grant, Mr Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Proby, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fox, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lewis, Lord Gage, Sir Hugh Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Mr. Courtenay, Mr.

Cotton, Sir John Hynde Cotton; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Papers A Motion was track-, and the Question being put. That

relating to an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That Treaty with he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that mt"re *’ there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Powers, Instructions, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Definitive Treaty between his Majesty, the Queen of Hungary, and the King of Sardinia, concluded at Worms the Second of September 1743; as also, all Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Lid Treaty, since the Signing thereof; and all Declarations, Conventions, or instruments, signed by his Majesty’s Ministers and the Ministers of the Queen of Hungary, since the concluding of the said Treaty of Worms, and relating thereto;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir Charles Mordaunt.

Tellers for the Yws, \m

Tellers for IheNoes.J^"^ So it passed in the Negative.

1149.

J2°7-

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply Kit ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole !®uV*,oa House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain callpd England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1744.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Januarit;

Anno 17® Georgii II'" Regis, 1743.

P R AY ERS.

A PETITION of the Constable, Churchwardens, Afcr, fa.

Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inha- NavifcMw. bitants, of the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Rivers Aire and Caller were made navigable from a Place called Wceland, upon the River Aire, to the Towns ok Wakefield and Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, by virtue of a Statute, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third; and that the Profits of the fanj Navigation were, and still are, by the several Statutes since made for granting an Aid to Ins Majesty by a Land Tax,

20 aflVlTable

to

3 <3

Cannol’s Gate, &c. Roads.

17 Geo. II. 26° Januarii.

5*

asse Sable, one Moiety at the Town of , and the

other Moiety thereof at the Town of , and not elle-where; and that the principal Wharfs and Warehouses for the said Navigation are kept at the Towns of Wakefield and Leeds; and the greatest Part of the Profits of the said Navigation are by Goods and Merchandizes sent to and from Wakefield, and to and from Leeds', the Profits,

therefore, of the said Navigation have been always rated and paid for towards the Relief of the Poor, and other Parish Rates, at the Towns of Wakefield and and

not elsewhere, till about Four Years lad past, when the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, finding a great Inequality in their Assessments, did regulate the same; and as the Profits of the said Navigation were greatly increased from time to time, they rated and assessed the same in proportion as other Lands and Tenements, for Relief of the Poor, and other Parish Rates; which, upon an Appeal by the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Navigation, and full Hearing, was confirmed at a General Quarter Sessions, holder; at in the West Rid-

ing of the County of York; but that the Proprietors and Fanners of the said Navigation have ever since refused to

?ay any Assessment to the Relief of the Poor, and other 'arish Rates, to the Town of Wakefield; though the said Profits have not been rated, afiefled, or paid for, elsewhere: And therefore praying, That the said Statute, for making navigable the Rivers Aire and , passed in

the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, may be so explained, that the Proprietors and Farmers of the said Navigation be obliged to pay the Rates, as well to the Relief of the Poor, and other Pari 111 Rates, to the said Town of Wakefield, fora Moiety of the Profits of the said Navigation, in like manner as the same is rated and paid towards the Aid granted to his Majesty by Land Tax, or in such other Proportion as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Mr. Sir

Miles Stapy/ton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Hugh , Mr.

Yorke, Sir John Glynne, Mr. , Sir John Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hay, Mr. Houblon, Dr. Butler, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Rarloxv, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Lifier, Sir Robert Long, Mr. , Mr. Gybbon,

Lord Middlesex, Mr. Savill, Sir James Grant, Mr.

well, Sir John Ctojfe, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Ramsden; tand all the Members who serve for the County of: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannots Gate the City

of Litchfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood end and Ogle-hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Litchfield; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in and about the antient Market Town of U'ich, in the County Palatine of Chester; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act, Vol. 2

passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from CannotsGatt to the City of Litchfield, and from the said City to Stone, and

from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester', and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogle-hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Litchfield; was read; by which it appeared, that several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for 21 Yean.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. Robert Barber: Who said. That the Trustees appointed to put the aforesaid Act in Execution were obliged to borrow upwards of 1,000, to put the said Roads in Repair; which Sum was duly laid out in amending thereof; £.200 of which Sum is now owing; and, without a further Continuance of the said Act, the said Sum cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in Repair; many heavy Carriages passing thereon to the several Towns thereabouts:

That the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Nantwich, to the City of Chester, is in a very bad and ruinous Condition, and dangerous to Travellers in the Winter Season; many Hollows being the rein, particularly the Hollow at Woore, where, in a fnotvy Season, Carriages cannot pal's; and, was the said Road repaired, many more Carriages would pass that Way to London from Chester; it being the Post Road, and esteemed the nearest Way, and the other being liable to Floods:

That the Statute-work has been duly laid out on the said Roads; and ’tis apprehended, that if One of the Gates erected by the aforesaid Act was to be removed nearer to the Town of Namptwich, the said Road might be effectually repaired, and the Roads, in the said Act directed to be repaired, kept in Repair.

Mr. Thomas Williams laid. That the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester, is in a very ruinous Condition, and frequently, in inowy Sealbns, Woolt Hollow is so deep, that Carriages have been stopt for several Days, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been duly performed on the said Road and a Contribution of several Parishes laid out thereon:

That the said Road is the Post Road, and the nearest Way from Chester to London; and, was it repaired, would be more frequented, the other being liable, from its Situation, to Floods.

Mr. Michael Barber confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Robert Barber and Mr. Tho'mas Williams.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effe<5lual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Carnots Gate to the City of L, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Hoad towards and also

from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogle-hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said

City of Litchfield-, and for repairing the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Namptwich, to the City of Chester: And that Mr. Leveson Gower, the Lord Chetwynd, Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Venables Vernon, and Sir Lyfier Holt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Free- Middleton holders and Inhabitants, of the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Roiet-waspresented to the House, and read; letting That the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the said Riding, being the High Road from London to Carlifie, Appleby, Penrith, Cockermouth, Wkite-

6 R haven,

Taking the Poll at County Elections.

22 20° — 2 70 Januarii. . 1745.

haven, and a great many other Trading Towns; and also being the nearest Road to the Western Parts of Scotland; is, in divers Places, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become so deep and ruinous, that the several Days Work on the Highways, as by Law provided, are not sufficient to keep the same in such Repair, as to make the same passable, without great Danger to the Persons travelling the said Roads; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said ruinous Roads do lie, are not of Ability to repair the fame, without (bme other Provision; there being, in many Places thereof, no Materials to be had, but at great Distances from the respective Places where the said ruined Roads do lie: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir John

den, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Mr.

Lord Middlesex, Sir Philip , Sir Roger -

gate, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lifter, Mr. , Mr. Hilton, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Hay, Sir James Grant, Major Selwyn, General Howard, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Affleck, Colonel

Townsend, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Barrington, Admiral

Vernon, Mr. Leveson Gower, Alderman Calvert, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Prowse, Doctor Butler, Lord Carpenter, Mr . Houblon, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Savill,

Mr. IPardour. Lord NoelSemerfet, Mr. Coke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. IVinford; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties ot York,

and Lancaster:And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of r;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " the County of " York" and inserting, instead thereof, these Words, " that Part of Great Britain called England, and to redrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct of " Returning Officers at such Elections:"

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 1 63‘

Tellers for the Noes, Winjor'd. ]

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " that " Part of Great Britain called and to restrain

" the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections: And that Nix. Robert Williams, Mr. Corne-wall. Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, and Mr. Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read i

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the DutM whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Bea-ifo* intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scudamore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Williams Wym took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurfted the Chair.

Sir Watkin Williams Wym reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Person appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 270 die 'Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii lid, Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coomcfe«rf for naturalizing Mary Countess of Holdernesse, Wife Holdenx&’i of Robert Earl of Holdernesse, was read a Second time. N«.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comptroller, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Scot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rudge, Mr. West, Mr. Wynn,

Doctor Butler, Sir James Grant, Mr! Carter, Lord Deer-hurst, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Edivin, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Steele, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Piers, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Lambe, Mr. Grant, Mr. Gray, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Jo/liffe, Lord John Johnston, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pytts; and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Scotch H use, according to Order, a Bill for raising and Mioiiter* establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, of the Universi-ties of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to whom GilW the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto ComerR«l. subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in 1 the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act of Parliament before-mentioned was laid before the Committee, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted and made payable, during the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Samuel Hare, Treasurer of the Tolls: Who, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, finding the Road (which is in 16 Length

Of

ft

mi

Hr.

a

t L

:A*;

j r. !

its

.fe

tifi:’

yfll

Mi*

:C<

»s

Ce-

tfS iii

Jis

ii

.«f*

17 Geo. II. 27 0 Januarii.52

Length about Nine Miles) in a ruinous Condition, and session, and received the Rents and Profits, of the said the annual Income not sufficient to put the same into good Estate to the Time of her Death, which happened in or Repair, borrowed Money on the Credit of the Tolls, for about the Month of April 174.3; upon whole Death the that Pbrpole; which Money so borrowed, together with Petitioner, by means of the Limitations aforesaid, became the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out and applied, seised, in Possession, of the said Estate; and, being willing pursuant to the Directions of the said Act. to comply with the said Condition contained in the said

And he further said. That the Tolls annually amount Will, did, in Performance thereof, immediately upon his to £ 440 or thereabouts; and there now remains due to coming to the Pofiession of the said Premifl'es, take upon several Persons, on the Credit of that Act, the Sum of himself, and in all Writings subscribed his Name by,

£. 1,100 and upwards; which Sum, he said, cannot, the said Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall; and is during the subsisting Term, be repaid, with Interest for delirous that the said Christian and Surname may be the fame; and all Parts of the Road be effectually established and confirmed to and upon him, the said amended, and kept in Repair; unless some further Pro- now called Giles Whitehall; and that the Sur-

vision Ire made by Parliament, for that Purpose. name of Whitehall may be established and confirmed to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and upon his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted of their Bodies, respectively, according to the Condition by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his expressed in the said Will, by the Authority of Parlia-present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from ment: And therefore praying; That he may have Leave Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

South Mims, in the County of Midd/e/ex, to Lemsford That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

Mill, in the County of Hertford; and that Mr. Charles cording to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that

Gore, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Houhlon, and Mr. Sir Humphrey Hozvorlk and \Ir. Charlton do prepare, and 1Thomas Gore, do j*.epare, and bring in, the fame. bring in, the fame.

Cafwall’s A Petition of Giles W, late John was

Name. jjfefented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Giles Whitehall, late of the Moore, in the Parish

of P rest sign, in the County of Hereford, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, bearing Date the Seventh Day of May 1736, did (among other things) give and bequeath to Sir Humphrey Howor/hKnight, and Henry Hozvorlk (Trustees named in the said Will), and to the Survivor of them* and their Heirs, several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, lying and being in the Township of Stepleton and Frog-fir eet, in the Parishes of Upper Kings ham,

bolton, and Eye, in the County of Hereford, and in the Parish of Prefieign, in the County of Radnor, to hold . (except as therein is excepted) unto the said Sir Humphrey Howorth and Henry HozVorth, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, uponTruft, to raile the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, for the Purposes, and in Manner, therein mentioned; and, after the same (liould be so raised, he did, by his laid Will, give and devile, as well the Reversion and Remainder of all and singular the several Messuages and Lands, as also all other his Messuages, Lands, and real Estate, whatsoever, or wheresoever (except as therein is excepted), unto Jane his Wife for Life; and, from and after her Decease, unto the Petitioner, by the Name and Addition of his loving Nephew John Cafwall Gentleman, only Son of his (the said Testator's) late Brother in Law, Mr. John Cafwall, deceased, provided, and on . Condition, that the Petitioner should, as soon as he should become Owner of the said Estate, take upon himself, and in all Writings should subscribe his Name by, the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall, to hold (except as therein is excepted) unto the Petitioner (on the Condition aforesaid) for and during the Term of his natural Life, Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, upon Condition, That such First and other Son and Sons, and their Heirs Male, should severally and respectively, as they should severally and respectively become Owners or Proprietors of his said Estate, take upon him and them his Surname, and in ail Writings should severally and respectively subscribe themselves by the Name of Whitehall; and for want of such Ilfue Male, or on the Refusal of the Petitioner to take upon him his Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall, as soon as he should become Owner of his said Estate, then he gives and deviles the said Estate over to other Persons, named in the said Will, as therein is mentioned, and the Rever-fion to the right Heirs of Henry Howorth]\xmor, Esquire; and of his said Will appointed the said Jane his Wife foie Executrix; and that, in or about the Month of 1737, the said Giles Whitehall (the Testator) died, upon whole Death the said Jane (the Executrix, named in the said Will) duly proved the fame, and continued inPof-Vol. 24.

Mr. Crowle reported from the Committee; to whom Kingston the Petition of the Mayor arid Burgesses of the Town "P®*1 Hull of Kingston upon Hull, under their Common Seal *, and also 03 the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, who have thereunto affixed their Common Seal; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Richard Bell was called, who laid. That he was well acquainted with the Road leading from Kingston upon Hull to Beverley, and that the same lies in a Tow, flat; miry Country, and near to the Wolds, or Range of Hills, running through the East Riding of the County of York; and that from thence great Quantities of Water, in rainy Sealbns, defeend, and frequently overflow great Part of the before-mentioned Road, by reason whereof, and the Deepness of the Soil in most Places, the said Road is become so ruinous, that it is, in the Winter, and frequently in the Summer Season, impaflabie for Wheel-carriages, and dangerous for Travellers on Horleback to pals through the fame.

Mr. Geo. Hopfon confirmed the Evidence before given by Mr. Richard Bell; and said further, That the Inhabitants of the Villages and Hamlets, lying contiguous to the said Road, have been assessed Sixpence in the Pound towards the Repairs thereof, besides performing their Statute-work, which has all been found inefficient to put and keep the said Road in tolerable Repair; and the same Witness added to his Evidence, That the Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, without the Aid of an Act: of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Strickland, and Mr. Charles Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Townsend reported from the Committee# to whom Shiplfori the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto Toii-ga e subscribed, for putting inExecution an Act of Parliament, Road*

made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipfion Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old

Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through minster, and Shipfion upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill; in the said County, and of several Creditors under the said Act; whose Names are also thereunto

524 270 Januarii. . 1743.

unto subscribed, was referred: That the Committee had exartiined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, lo the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YYrhere the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, paded in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was laid before the Committee, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared, That the Tolls, which should arise at the Gate called after a certain

Term, were to be applied towards repairing the Road from Shipston Toll-gate to Shipston upon Slower, and from thence to the T^p of Long Compton Hill; and that the

laid Toll-gate is charged with the Payment of the Sum of £. 500, Part of the Sum of £.1,000 before advanced, and lent on the Credit of another Act, parted the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. John Mander: Who said, That there is a Debt now remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, besides the Inrereft thereof, exclusive of the £. 500 which is charged upon Shipftons Toll-gate, as aforesaid; which said Sum, together with the Tolls and Duties arising by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied for the Purposes thereby directed:

And the said John Mander further gave Evidence, That he lately travelled through the faiu Roads, which lie in a deep Soil; and that the same will be very soon impartable, if constant Care be not taken to amend the same; which cannot be done, nor the Money, now due upon the several Securities now made, repaid, during the subsistingTerm granted by the Ad aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon to

the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to make the same more effectual: And that Mr. end. Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. Digby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Office of a Petition of his Majesty’s Coroner for the County Coroner. of Surrey, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which the said Coroners labour under in the Execution of their Office; and praying, That the Limits, Power, and ^Nature of the Office of Coroner, may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Cranford sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to f, Ro»d.' w^om t ie Petiti >n of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the bird, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act of Parliament before-mentioned was laid before the Committee, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared,

That several Tolls were granted, and made payable, during the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Goodwin: Who, being examined, said,

That the Trustees appointed to put that Act in Execution, finding the Road in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income r,ot sufficient to put the same into Repair, borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Act for that Purpose; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out and applied, pursuant to ,the Directions of the said Act.

And he further said, That the Tolls annually amount to £. 780, or thereabouts; and there now remains due, on the Credit of that Act, the Sum of £. 2,500 principal Money; which Sum, he said, cannot, during the subsisting Term, be repaid, with Interest for the lame, and all Parts of the Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the former Terms and Powers granted be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Hwlow from Bush Fair Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the Ro^-County of Essex, to a Place called Stump Croft, in or near the furthermost Part of the Parish of in the said Count)', was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Horatio Walpole,

Mr. Harbord, Captain Hanbury, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr.

Ellis, Colonel Cholmondeley, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Churchill, Sir Humphrey Howorth, Mr. Fox, Mr. Brudt-nell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Geo. Morton Pitt, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Henry Williams, Mr. Gajliry, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bris-tow, Mr. West, Mr. Clive, Lord Hartington, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Sir John Crosse, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr. Archer, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. John Martin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Steele, Mr. Jolliffe,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Scot, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Gildart, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Richard Plumer, Lord Suttdon, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Cotton,

Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Mr. Wilkin-

son, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas,

Mr. Geo. Townsend, Mr. Neale, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Muffenden, Mr . Sehvyn, Mr. Holmes, Mr. junior,

Mr. Bayntun Roll, Colonel Conway, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Arfcott, Colonel Norton, Mr. Missing, Mr. Fane, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Brand, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Mr. John Wynn, Mr. Thomas Wynn, Mr. Cope, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Bacon, Lord Guernsey, Lord Gage, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Pry ft, Mr,. Hooper, Mr. Coke, Mr Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Edwin, Doctor Lee, Mr. Colebrooke, Lord Inchiquin; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Eft ex Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for exe- Na*y cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1744.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as fbl-loweth; viz.

Abstract

Westmiofier

Abbey.

17 Geo. II. if Jdnuarii."

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 174% r.;.;

N* 1

2.

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

10.

si.

12.

*3-

24-

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy* with the Secreta? ries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies, relating thereto -

Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 9,669 15 '2

Pensions and other Allowances - 2,443 1 8

Yards.

Chatham

Deptford

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Sheerness

Plymouth

3>S° 7

SyOSz

M21

4,29s

1,813

2,510

7

it

8

14

4

IO

Muster Matters, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships ard Vessels in Ordinary - - _ - -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein - - ’ - -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build ings, &c. -

Half-pay to Sea Officers

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1744 -

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an act- ditional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; there being now One thousand Seamen maintained in the said Hospital: And also forasufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital, for the Tear 1744; Ten thousand Pounds - -

£r * 36,793 14 I

12,112 l6 IO

17.733

5,068

>6

5

19.399 9.5S4 5 17,809 —

6

6

io>

10

62.333 " —

12,000

192,834 TO 9

10,000 —

202,834 IO 9

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1744, amounts to Two hundred and Two thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine Pence.

Rd. Haddock, . Ja. A cl worth,

J. Clevland, Will. Corbett,

G. Crowley Alexander Geddes,

F. Gafhry, J. Fazvler.

Examined per W. H. James Compton,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fitting forth, That the said Collegiate Church came into the Hands of the First Dean and Chapter unfinished, and by Length of Time, and Badness of Materials, became so decayed and ruinous, that, in the Eighth and Ninth of William the Third (in regard to its being of antient and royal Foundation), an annual Sum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted, by Parliament, towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and the Dean of Westminster, who were appointed Commissioners for that Purpose; and that by an Act, passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, for a certain Term of Years, was granted to the said Commissioners towards repairing and tinithing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels of the lame; and in order to the finishing thereof, as directed by Parliament, Sir Christopher Wren, the then Surveyor, formed a Ddign of ereifting a

VOL. 24.

Spire on the middle Tower, a Model of which he therr prepared, and a Draught of which, with the rest of the intended Building, has been laid before this House; and that by several Acts, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, several Sums of Four thousand Pounds have been issued and applied towards carrying on the said Work, and a considerable Progress has been made therein, and an Account, how the Money has been expended, has been annually laid before this House; and that* to facilitate the said Repairs, Two of the prebend^! Houses, and Three Leasehold Tenements, lately (landing in St. Margaret's Church Yard, have been taken down; and thereby the whole North Side of the Church, from the North to the West Gate, has been laid open; but that the Monies already granted being near expended, the said Works will soon be at a (land; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House, acknowledging the Favours already conferred on the said Collegiate Church, as well by the present, as by former Parliaments: And praying for the Continuance of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted co his Majesty.

Sir Walkin Williams Wynn, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with 6 S Frances

Hute of Beaufort's Divorce.

Sugar

Colonies.

London

Streets.

516 if*- — 31® Januarii. A. 1743.

Frances Scudamore his now Wife, and to enable him to Sir John , Mr. Mr. Cor new all, Mr.

marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, Clive, Sir John , Sir Charles

was committed, the Amendments which the Committee Dr. , Sir IVms. Wynn, Mr. , Mr.

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Fazakerley, Sir Francis , Mr. , Sir

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in , Mr. Bennet, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Mr. Selwyn, Mr. , Sir Cordell Firebrace,

Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amend- Mr. Neale, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Fellowes, Mr ments were read; and areas followeth; viz. Gore, Mr. Martin, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Watson,

P. 3. L.ult. Leave out " henceforth," and insert " and Mr. Bauce; and all the Members who serve for the City " after the First Day of March One thousand Seven hun- of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to " dred and Forty-three* meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

P. 4. L. 5. Leave out "hereafter," and insert "there- Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, afterand Records.

Pr. 5. L. 11. After " born," insert "or which shall,

" before the First Day of September One thousand Seven " hundred and Forty-four, be born :"

L, 13. After "are," insert "and shallbedeem-u ed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes'what-" soever."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Agents, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for, and on the behalf of, their Constituents; and also of the Planters redding here; and of the Merchants interested in, and trading to, the British Sugar Colonies; was presented to the Home, and read; praying the House to take the said Petition into their most l'e-rious ConGderation, and to support the British Sugar Colonies against the powerful RivaKhip of France, by providing such effectual Remedies in such of the several Particulars in the Petition mentioned, as shall be thought most expedient; or in such other manner as the House shall judge most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, he was called *in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled:

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Petition was read; setting forth, That by an. Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, several Provisions are made for the better enlightening the said City, and for collecting the Money necessary for /that Purpose; but that the fame, as the Petitioners conceive, have not fully answered the good Ends and Purposes intended by the said Act: That the Rates by the present Act, being chargeable only on Houses from Ten Pounds to Forty Pounds per Annum, inclusive, hath, by Experience, proved a heavy Burthen on the middling and inferior Inhabitants, which might be remedied, if Power was given to charge Houses of a superior Rent in a proportionable Manner: That the Time of Appealing, ap-.pointed by the said Act, is so short, that in many Instances, it hath, and in future may prove, an absolute Exclusion to Persons appealing, who may think themselves aggrieved by any Rate or AHeffment: That the Time for chusing the Collectors, and Time of their accounting, is incon-fiftent with each other; and that there are many other Inconveniences in the said Act: And therefore praying the House to take the said Act into Consideration; and to explain and amend the same in such manner as to the -House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Al-dermatr Heathcote, Mr, Onslow, Mr. Hay, Mr

Sir Miles Stapylton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Alderman Gyb-Mon, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Alderman

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of to difiolve the Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scudamore his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That Sir Watkin Williams Wynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to die fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wap resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ,n"Man». consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1744;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Eftiniate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1774 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W’.dntfdayMorn-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Committee That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 31° die Januarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

R. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, jjm. An Act for naturalizing Mary Countess of HolJerneffe,

Wife of Robert Earl of Holdemefj'e, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

without

c*

thufc

Kin?

J/OD

Di

fa*1

Hr.

\fr,

'«!

Mr.

tit,

k

k

'it

Cl’s

4 I*.

if5

il;

so

i;

do

lie

uie

To

Dr. Ner-c>mbc flunked.

17 Geo. II. 3i° 527

without any Amendment': And he delivered the Bill in and for granting to the Petitioners other Tonnage or Keel-at the Clerk's Table. age Pates in lieu thereof; and f ir explaining and amend-

T ring the said Acts Parliament, of the Sixth and Four-

Ordered, That this Thanks of the House be given to tcentjj years of his Majesty’s Reign, in such manner as the Reverend Dr. Newcombe, for the Sermon by hnn the House dial I think proper.

preached Yesterday before this House, at \

Westminster: And that he bedefired to print the same: And that Mr. Edward FinchMr. and the Lord Dupplin, do acquaint him therewith.

Kingston upon Hull JRoad.

Mr. Crowle presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of ukm b the first-mention^l Act, are too high, and a Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the E*ft DifC(Juragemein to the Tra(ie of the said City, the Peti-

Kirlinnr r%f fh/a f Vmnfit r\f Ifrtrb Anri th/» f:irTW» U/fl* t*#»- . 0 n ..... T r 1 t 1 n

tioners requested the said Undertakers, that the fame

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on be*

half of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade of the said City, was also presented to the House, and read; represen ting to the House, That, upon Experience that the Rates of Tonnage, granted to the said Under-

a

Dee

Navigation.

Riding of the County of York ceived; and read the Firfltime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dee

Navigation.

B

9-

r-

lit

k,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors oft he Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; lilting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, Nathanael Kinderley, his Heirs, Af-ligns, and Nominees, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation; and impowered, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and keep the said River Dee navi- . gable from the Sea to a certain Point within the Liberties of the said City of Chester, called IVilcox Point, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned; and, as a Recompence for making the said River navigable, they were, by the said Act, impowered, lo soon as the said River was made navigable, to take and receive such Duties and Tonnage as in the said Act are mentioned; and the white bandstand other Lands in the said Act mentioned, were thereupon vested in the said Undertakers, to and for their proper Ufc, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned; and that the said Undertakers, in

might, by Authority of Parliament, be repealed; and that, in lieu thereof, other and Ids Tonnage and Keelage Rates might be granted to the said Undertakers; and the said Undertakers haveaflented thereto; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will be for the common Good, and an Encouragement to the said Undertaking, that the said recited Acts Ih mid be explained and amended in several other Particulars: And therefore praying the House for Leave to bring in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine r he Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. War hurt on. Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Wat kin Wms. , \ir. Brookjbank, Mr.

Archer, Sir John Crcjfe, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr.

Price, Sir John Phil/ipps, Mr. Hooper, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hayward, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Baltimore, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Mr. Bolt, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Young, Mr. Williams, Mr. Revel/, Mr. Locke, Mr. Ord, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Proby, Major Selwyn, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Crew, Mr mondelev. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Robert Long, Sir

pursuance of the Powers and Authorities granted by the John Glynn, and all the Members who

said Act, cut a new Channel for the said RivcrDee through the adjacent Marthes, near Ten Miles in Length, and made a Dam and Sluices cross the old Channel of the said River; and, i n April 1 737, turned the River into the said new Channel; through which it hath ever since continued to run; and finished their laid Undertaking in making the said River navigable, according to the Intent and true Meaning of the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, before the 25 th Day of March 1740; from which time the said Tonnage Rates have been paid to the said Undertakers; in the doing whereof, the said Undertakers expended Forty thousand Pounds, and upwards; House, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the and that, by An Act of Parliament, made in the 14th Duty of Twenty Shillings yearly, for a Licence to fell Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the last Session of Parliament, the River Dee, the said Undertakers were incorporated,

and had several Powers given them for the better manag- Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this ing the said Undertaking; and that the Mayor and House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported Citizens, and Merchants and Traders, of the City of into, and exported out of Great Britain, from Chester, being of Opinion, that the TonnageRates, grant- 1707, to Christmas 1742; diffnguishing the Medium of ed to the said Undertakers by the first-mentioned Act, the Imports and Exports for every Term of Seven Years

serve for the County of Chester, and for North Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the additional Duties on llrong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do Jay before this

Dunn on Spirit*.

Spirit

Licencei.

Sugar importer).

arc too high, and a Discouragement to the Trade of the said City,-the Petitioners, at their Request, have consented that the same may, by Authority of Parliament, be repealed; and that, in lieu thereof, other and leis Tonnage or Keelage Rates may be granted to the Petitioners; and representing to the House, that it will be for the common Good, and an Encouragement to the said Undertaking, that the said recited Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, shou.’d be explained and amended in several other Particulars, the better to enable the Petitioners to transact the Affairs of the said Company, and to maintain and preserve the Works necessary for preserving the said Navigation, and imbanking the white Sands, and Lands vested in the Petitioners, as aforesaid; And therefore praying the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing the Tonnage Rates pa}’able, as aforesaid, to the Petitioners, Vot. 24.

within that Period of Time.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle Rogue*, and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; Vagabond*, was read the Third Time. *c>

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 3. To leave out "on Oath:"

L. 5. To leave out "harboured or concealed;'* and, in the same Line, to leave out‘‘Townshipor L. 6. To leave out "Town or Pr. 26. To leave out from the Beginning of the Prels to " if," in Line 7.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly

Resolved,

528 31* Januarii. A. 1743.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marriage Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Prince of House, That he had a Me (Page from his Majesty to this Denmark. House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House i and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

HIS Majesty, in his Speech at the Opening of this Session, acquainted his Parliament of the Marriage of his youngest Daughter with the Prince Royal of Denmark; which could not but give Satisfaction to all his good Subjects, as it tends to cement and strengthen the Protestant Interest in Europe; and his Majesty having agreed to give his Daughter a Portion of Forty thousand Pounds, promises himself the Concurrence and Assistance of this House, in enabling him to perform the said Agreement.

Ordered, Nemine contradic That his Majesty’s said most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Coinage Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Duty. House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by Imprest Money repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty.

Shoreditch A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Road*. subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways from Shoreditch to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the County of -sex-, and Two other Acts, one of the First Year of his Jate Majesty, and the other of the Second Year of his present Majesty, for continuing and making the First-, mentioned Act more effectual; and for amending the

Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Marketplace in Enfield; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted and continued for the Terms therein mentioned, for repairing the Roads aforesaid (in Length Thirteen Miles, or thereabouts), and for other Purposes therein expressed; and that the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hackney (through which the before-mentioned Road leads) are, by the said Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, Charged with, and made liable to pay, the Sum of One hundred Pounds yearly, in lieu of such Statute-work as they were obliged to do on the Turnpike Road within the said Parish; which said Sum is directed to be assessed, raised, and paid, in such Manner as in the said Act is prescribed; but that some Doubts having arisen lately touching the affef-sing, railing, and paying, the said yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, the Petitioners have not received the same for above Three Years past; and that the Petitioners are under some Difficulties how to enforce the Payment of what is now due, and shall grow due from the said Parish for the future; and that great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road; but that the Petitioners find that all Parts thereof cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Powers given by the before-mentioned Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the before-mentioned Acts, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the 2S

Matter thereof j and repdrt the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Lord Gage,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert

Mr. Drax, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Henry Bathurst, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. General

Sinclair, Mr. Roll, Sir Edmund ‘Thomas, Sir Charles Wyndham, Major Sehvyn, Mr. Sir James Grant,

Sir John Crojfe, Lord Perceval, Sir Roger

Mr. Hay, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gough,

Mr. Bance, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr.

Foley junior, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. LechmerMr. Chester, Mr. Martin, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Broohjbank, Mr. Sir

John Cufi, Mr. Pry fie, Mr. Williams, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Pratt, Sir John Chester, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wefi, Mr.

Watson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County Offittof of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Co- Coreo<r-roners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which they labour under in the Execution of their Office: And praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Brifiow and Mr. Bowles be added Lnndoo to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Slrws' Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for RtcnmiM the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744: And that Mr. wco* Secretary at War, Mr. Winnington, the Lord Gage, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, CM Landholders, and other Persons, living in, near, and tra- Road. veiling through, the Road leading from , through

Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better Amendment of the Road aforesaid; whereby several Tolls were granted, for the Term of Twenty Years, for repairing the said Road; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the said Term, and all the Powers by the said first-mentioned Act granted, were enlarged and continued for the further Term of One-and-twenty Years: That, in pursuance of the Powers by the said former Acts given, several Sums of Money have been borrowed; which Money, and the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly laid out in repairing the Roads directed to be amended, and great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; and there now remains due, on the Credit of the said Acts, a considerable Sum of Money; which Money, so borrowed, cannot be discharged, and the Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, according to the true Intent of the said former Acts, unlet* the Term,

Tolls, and Powers, thereby granted, be further continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers by the said former Acts granted; and for making the same Acts more effectual.

Ordered,

17 Geo. II. 31® Januarii. S29

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Mr. Mr. M Mr. Coni'

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine tea//. Sir John Cheder, Mr. , Mr. Strowd, Mr;

the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall ap» Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who serve for

pear to them, to the House: the Counties of Wilts, , and Berks t

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Sir John CroJJe', And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Sir Robert Long, Mr. Rayntun Roll, General Wentworth, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to Mr Pownev, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Turner, Sir Na- lend fur Persons, Papers, and Records. thar.ael Curzon, Mr. Tuffndl, Mr. Brookjbank. Mr. Crew,

Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Martin, Mr. Downing, Sir Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. Torire, Mr. Hay, Dr. Cotes, to their Addrefi to his Majesty, Copy of the Establish-Lord Carpenter, C' lonel Elliott, Mr. Neale, Mr. Syden- ment of the Hessian Forces, for the Year 1743. ham. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. OJbaldtston, Mr. JValter, And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Mr. Cope, Mr. Wi/kittfon, Mr. Brereton, Lord Dupplin, The said Copy is as followeth viz.

Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Mellish,

GEORGE R.

Our Will and Pleasure is, That this Establishment of the Hessian Forces which We have taken into Our Service, with other Charges thereunto belonging, do commence and take place from the 26th Day of December 1742, to the 25th Day of December 1743, both inclusive, being Three hundred Sixty-five Days; and that no new Charge be added thereunto, without being first communicated to Us. to Our High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of Our Treasury, for the Time being. Given at Our Court at St. James's, this 17th Day of January 174-f, in the Sixteenth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command,

Samuel J. Rushout,

An Establishment of the Six thousand Men of the Hessian in the Service of his Majesty.

General and Staff Officers.

The General and Commander in Chief His A;d de Camp -His Secretanr Major General of the Hor(e - '

His Aid de Camp -First Major General of the Foot His Aid de Camp -Second Major General of the Foot - ' His Aid de Camp -Quarter-master General -M ijor of Brigade to the Horse Major of Brigade to the Foot -Auditor -

Chaplain -

Waggon-master -Provost -

His Two Servants -

Serjeant of Justice -

Executioner -

His Two Servants -

In 30 Days.

Guilders St.

1,250-----

160 — — 50 — — *300 — —

80-----

300 — —

80-----

300 -

80 — —

250-----

160-----

1 3S-----

*5°-----

62 10 — 250 — — 60 — —

30-----

15-----

30-----

30-----

3,772 to —

One Regiment of Horse.

Field and Staff* Officers.

A Regiment of Horse

Confiding of 6 Troops, of 40 private Men in each.

Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel - -

Major -

Quarter-master -

Adjutant -

Auditor -

Chaplain -

Chirurgeon -Five Surgeons Mates -Waggon-master - -

Kettle Drummer - -

Trumpeter Major -

Provost -

' Stock Servant -

Servant to attend the Waggon of Medicines

Vol. 24.

6 T

In 30 Days.

Guilders. St. 300 — — 100 — —

80-----

50-----

4o-----

34 16 —

32 12 —

20-----

93 J-

20 — —

a5-----

*5-----

25-----

98 —

20 — —

875 1 —

One

HdGlff

Forces*

530 31 ° Janua A. 1743.

St.

In all 316 Men, Captain 285 17

with Officers. Lieutenant - - - " ' - " " J 28 n

Cornet - - - - " " " - *03 12

Watch-meeRer..... 50 —

Quarter-maRer..... 50 —

Three Corporals, each 22. 17. 4. - - - - ~ 68 u

Trumpeter - - " ~ ' 25 —

Cieik 20 —

Forty Troopers, each 20. - - - - 800 —

LS31 12

The Pay of Five Troops more of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates, as the

Troop above-mentioned 7,658 —

Total for this Regiment - - 10,064 13

Three Regiments The Pay of Three Regiments of Horse more, of the like Numbers, and at the

of Horse more of fame'Rates, as the Regiment above-mentioned - - - - 30,193 19

the like Numbers.

In all, for the Four Total of the Horse - * 40,258 12

Regiments, 1,264 —

Men, with the Officers.

The Regiment of Foot Guards. In 3° Days.

Field and Staff Officers.

‘ Guilders.

The Regiment of Colonel - - - - 400 —

Foot Guards Lieutenant-Colonel - - - . - - - - _ 120 —

Major - - - -i . 95 —

Quarter-nuRer ----- 50 —

Adjutant - ----- 40

Auditor - - - - 34 16

Chaplain - - - 32 12

Surgeon-Major - -- -- - - -- 20 —

Waggon-maRer - -- 20

Drum-Major - - - - 15

ConfiRing of 10 Eight Hautbois, each 13. 10 - - - . - - - 108 —

Companies, of ProvoR - - - 20 —

Sixty-one private Stock Servant - - - - 10 —

Men in each Servant to attend the Waggon of the Medicines - - - 9 16

One Company. 975 4

In all, 818 Men,. Captain, with his Servant - -

with the Officers. Lieutenant, with his Servant - - - - ’

Ensign, with his Servant - -

Three Serjeants, each 20. -

Fourier ——

__ Captain of Arms -

Surgeon ——

Four Corporals - -

Solicitor - -

Two Drummers ——

Sixty-one Anfpexades, or private Men - - - - -

The Pay of Nine Companies more, of the like Numbers, and at the same Rates, as the Company above-mentioned -

Total for this Regiment

Thtf Regiment of The Pay of the Regiment of Grenadier Guards, of the like Numbers, and at the Gienadier Guards-, same Rates, as the Regiment above-mentioned -

152 3

50 —

4* *7

60

*4 6

14 6

12 17

5i 9t

9 13

19 6

596 7i

T>f the like Numbers In all, for the Two Regiments, 1636 Men, with the

Officers.

Total of -the Two Regiments of Guards 22,414 18

1,023 Al

9.209 r I

11,207 9

11,207 9

22,414 18

One

17 Geo. II.

A Regiment Foot.

Confifting of Ten Companies, of 61 private Men in each.

310 Januarii.

One Regiment of Foot.

Field and Staff Officers.

of Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel - -

Major - -

Quarter-matter -

Adjutant -

Auditor -

Chaplain -

Surgeon-Major -

Waggon-matter -

Drum-Major -

Eight Hautbois -

I’ro vo ft -

Stock Servant -

Servant to attend the Waggon with Medicines -

One Company.

Captain, with his Servant

Lieutenant, with his Servant -Entign, with his Servant -Three Serjeants - -

Fourier -

Captain of Arms - -

Surgeon - -

Four Corporals -

Solicitor -

Two Drummers -

S'ixf j -one Anfpezades, or private Men

The Pay of Nine Companies more, of the like Numbers) and at the same Rates, as the Company above-mentioned -

Total for this Regiment - -

of Foot more, of* same Rates, as. the Regiment above-mentioned the like Numbers.

In a!!, for the Four Total o

Regiments of Foot,

3,272 Men, with,

the Officers.

In all, 81 Men,

with the Officers.

S31

In jo Daj i.

Guilders. St. 300 — 100 — So — 50 — 40 — 34 16

32 1*

18 3

18 — 14 10

97 7

ao —

9 9 8

823 12

112 17

3« -

34 3 ' 5* 4

12 IO

12 IO

12 IO

45 IO}

8 lS

17 10

533 iS

879 s

7*9*3 5

9,616 2

a8,848 6

38,464 8

A Train of Artillery.

In 30 Days.

Captain -

Two Lieutenants, each 6i\

Three Second Lieutenants, each 45 -

Twelve Bombardiers, each 20 -

Fifty Gunners, each 15 -

Fifty Mairotles, each to -

Two Drummers, each 7f -Commissary

Waggon - matter -Matter Servant - - s -

Chirurgeon -

Farrier, and his Man -

Matter Cartwright, and his Man One hundred Horses, each 10 - -

Thirty-two Servants, each 10-

Guilders. St. 4 - - - - 125 —

- - its —

4 - - - - 135

- - - - 240 —

4 ' - ’ - 4 75° —

- . - - 500 —

- - 4 *5 —

- - - 4 4 —

35 —

25 —

25 —

4 4 - 4 35 —

- — 4

- - - - 1,000 —

320 —

Total - 3.410 —

You. 24.

GEO.R

THamet Company o Fishermen.

53

31 ° Januariu A. 1743.

GEORGE R.

General Officers Horse -Foot

Artillery

Abstract of the foregoing Establishment.

y

Total in Thirty Days By his Majesty’s Command,

Samuel

In 30 Dan.

Guilders. It.

10

- 40,258 12

6

- 108,320 8

GEORGE R.

Our Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby require and direct you, to make a Deduction of Sixpence out of every Twenty Shillings, which you shall issue, pursuant to this Our Establishment of the Hessian Forcesj which Monies, so deducted, you are to keep in your Hands, to be applied by you to such Uses, and in such Manner, as We shall think fit hereafter to direct by Warrant under Our Sign Manual; of which you are to keep a distinct Account in Writing, to be laid before Us, Our High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of Our Treasury, for the Time being. Given at Our Court at St. this 17th Day of January 1741, in

the Sixteenth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command,

To Our right trusty and well-beloved Counsellor Henry Samuel

Pelham, Paymaster-General of our Guards, Garrisons, J.

and Land Forces, in Great Britain, and Forces abroad; Phill. , and to the Paymaster-General of our laid Forces for the Time being.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, being Fishermen, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and a great Number of other Fishermen, using the Craft of Fishing in the River of Thames, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Company of Free Fishermen of the River of Thames were, by his late Majesty King James the Second, by his Royal Charter, made in the Third Year of his Reign (upon the Resignation of a former Charter, made to them by King Charles the First) in-corporated by the Name of the Mailer, Wardens, Assist-ahts, and Commonalty, of the Art and Mystery of Fishermen of the River of Thames, with Powers to make Laws and Ordinances, with Penalties, for the reforming and preventing Abuses and Inconveniencies in the Fishery, for the Preservation of the Spawn and Fry of Fish, for the public Good and Government of the said Company, for the better Discovery of Goods imported or exported, the Customs not being paid, and for other the good Purposes therein mentioned: That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, One Matter, Six Wardens, and Thirty Assistants, were to be chosen yearly by the next Court of the Lx>rd Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, to be held after the Tenth Day of June, in every Year (out of Nominations to be made for that Purpose by the Court of Assistants of the said Company)} who are thereby constituted the Court of Assistants of the said Company, for the Time being, for regulating and reforming Abuses in the said Fishery, and for the due Ordering and Government of the said Company; witji Powers for their calling before them all common Fishermen, using to fish within the Limits of the said Fishery; for registering such Persons, and their Apprentices, for the Supply of Seamen for the public Service j and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: That the said Company continued, not without several Intervals and Interiniffions, from the time of making the said Act till the Year 1727; since which Year,

no Nomination of a Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants (by the Court of Assistants), of the said Company, and consequently no Choice by the said Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, has been made, pursuant to the said Act; but the said Company has, ever since, been totally discontinued; lo that it doth not now any longer subsist: That the Body of Fishermen are now under no Government or Regulation, the Times and Seasons of Fishing are constantly broken info, new Methods of unlawful Fishing are daily deviled and practised, the Encouragement for the Sale and Destruction of the young Fry is increased, and the present legal Means for apprehending Offenders are, by their Combinations, become greatly deficient; in consequence of all which, the Fry and Spawn of Fish arc dellroyed, the Price of many Sorts of Fish is become excessive, the Fishermen are greatly impoverished, the public Utility, intended to be provided for by the said Charter and Act of Parliament, is intirely frustrated and loll, and Offenders herein escape unpunished, notwithstanding the most vigorous Methods allowed by the Law have been exerted for bringing them to Justice: That the said Company, being so discontinued, cannot now be re-established or subsist, nor the said Abuses be prevented or redressed, without the Aid of Parliament, by reason of many Defects in the said Act, and for want of other sufficient Powers and Provisions: And therefore praying the House, That they will please to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for the re-establishing and continuing the said Company, and for the better preventing the Destruction of the Fry and Spawn of Fish, and for apprehending and bringingOffenders to Justice; or that the House will please to make such other Provision in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Baltimore, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Lord Dufplin, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Lord Gage, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Branifton, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Roger Twyjden, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Torke,

Lord jEerceval, Mr. Brereton, Mr, Sydenham, Sir James Grant,

Sciii

Gw

to

17 Geo. II. 3 i° Janttarii. $33

Grant, Mr. Fd/owes, Major Sehvpn, Mr . Beont, Mr. by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Crowle, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Carriages passing through the fame, become very ruin-

Powney, Mu War bur ton, Mr. Vane, Sir Robert Long, ous, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so Mr. Mojiyn, S\r John Philipps, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fon- bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot nereau. Lord C/retwynd', Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Brudehell, Mr. pals without Danger; and therefore, in regard the said Elliot, Mr. Townsend} and all the Members who serve Roads cannot by the ordinary Course appointed by the for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, and Kent, Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the High*

and for the City of London: And they are to meet this ways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended without Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- the Aid of an Act of Parliament, the Inhabitants of the ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being Records. not of Ability to amend the same; praying, That Leave

may be given to bring in a Bill far repairing and amend-A Petition of AuguJlusSchulz Esquire was presented to ing the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in focli the House, and read; setting forth. That the late Lieu- Manner, as to the House shall feern meet.

tenant General "James Tyrrell Esquire, deceased, by his Grdered, Th3X the said Petition be referred to the Con-last Will and Testament, proved in due Form of Law, fideratiion of a Committee: And that they do examine hearing Date the 20th Day of December 1741, did devise the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap*. and bequeath to the Petitioner all his Lands atodTene- pear to them, to the House:

hientSj or Leases of Lands and Houses he should die pof- And it is referred to Mr. Walter, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Sir faffed of; together with all his personal Estate; subject to John CrcJJe, Mr. Chaffin, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. the Payment of several Debts, Legacies, and Annuities, Courtenay, Mr. Digby, Mr. Drax, Mr. Mr,

in the said Will mentioned: That by the said Devise, the Harvey, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mr. Proivfe, Sir

Petitioner is become intitled to a certain Estate, held by Edward Seymour, Mr. Port man, Mr. Carew, Mr. Fane,

Lease from the Crown, of Lands lying within the County Mr. Scrope, Mr. Speke, Sir Yonge, Sir John of Oxford, being antiently Part of the Forest of Shotover Chapman, Mr. Buck, Honourable Mr.

and Stowe-wood, ddaffaxz'&.td by his Majesty King Charles Richards, Mr. Periam, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Webster. Mr. the Second; who was graciously pleased by his Letters Vane, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Proby; and all the Members Patents, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devotti the 26th Day of May, in the Thirteenth Year of his and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Reign, on a Surrender in the said Letters Patents men- of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have tioned, to grant the said Lands to Sir Timothy Tyrrell Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Knight, for a Term of Thirty-three Years and a Half,

to commence from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, A Petition of several Gentlemen and other Person s, Studied then last pall, on the Payment of Two several Rents of living in, near, or frequently travelling through, the Road &c.-

Fitly Pounds, and Fifty Pounds, per Annumj which leading from through Chippenham, to a Boa<*

Estate, by a subsequent Lease from his laid Majesty, and Place called Pickwick, in the County of Wilts, whole bydiveFs Renewals from his late and present Majesty, has Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the been held and possessed, under the reserved Rents afore- House, and read; letting forth. That an Act of Parlia-said, upwards of Fourscore Years, by the said Lieutenant ment, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his General and his Ancestors: That the said Lieutenant late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road General hath been at a considerable Expence and Charge leading from Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, in the in improving and inclosing the said Lands, in building an County of Wilts, to the Top of Toghill, in the County House, and making Gardens; and having exprefiid his of Gloand that, since passing of the said Act, good earnest Desire that the same lhoul.1 be kept up, hath, by Progress has been made in amending that Part of the said his Will aforesaid, directed, That the said Estate should Road which leads from Studley Bridge to Chippenham; but be settled on the Petitioner’s eldest Son, who, by the little or nothing has been done towards repainngthe other Mother's Side, is defeendedfrom the Family of the Tyr- Part of the said Road lying between Chippenham and the veils: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Top of Toghill; the Money arising by the l olls, granted to-bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the In- and made payable by the said Act, being not sufficient jheritonce of the said Estate to the Petitioner, upon a full for carrying on the Repairs thereof: That the Road be-atul valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, as the tween Chippenham and Pickwick aforesaid (in Length same shall be valued by the proper Officers of the Crown; Three Miles, or thereabouts), is Part of the Post Road to the End that the said Estate may be settled according leading from the City of London, to the City of Bath, and to the Directions of the Will of the said Lieutenant joins the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act;

General Tyrrell, and be preserved in the Petitioner’s but that many Parts of the said Road are so bad in the Family. Winter Season, that Coaches and W heel-carriages cannot

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s pass and repass through the same with Safety: And there -Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, tore; and in regard tfte said last mentioned Road cannot, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this King-think fit. dom, be effectually amended, unless feme other Provision

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- be made by Parliament for raising Money to be laid out cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir and applied for that Purpose; praying. That Leave may George Oxeitden, Brigadier General Oglethorpe, the Lord be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Baltimore, Mr. Bootle, and Mr. Henry Archer, do prepare. Powers by the before-mentioned Act granted, so far as and bring in, the fame. that Provision may be made therein for the effectual

amending and keeping in Repair the said Rond, from A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, to afore-

and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling said, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet, through, the Road leading from the Bound Stone in the Ordered, That the said'Petition be referred to the Con-great Western Road, in the Parish of Gann, in the County sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine of Dorset, through the Town of Sliafton, otherwise the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- ,

Shaftesbury, to Sow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in pear to them, to the House:

-the same County, was;prefenfed to the House, and read; And it is referred to Mr. Bayntun Rolf, Sir Edmund fatting forth. That the Road aforesaid (wlrich is the com- Thomas, Sir Mr. Knight, Mr. B/igh, Mr.

moo Post ltoadfrom London to the’Western Parts of this Alderman Heath cote, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Chet -►Kingdom, and in-Length Ten Miles, or thereabouts), is, ivynd, Mr. Mr. Vane, Mr. Stcrt, Lord

Vol. 24. 1 6 U more,

St. John* Wdlminster.

Afncaa

Company

534 51* Januaril — 1° Februariu . 1743.

«o>v, Mr. Edwin, General Mr. Mr.

Archer, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. White, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Grove, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Savill, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Grant, Sir James Grant, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Edge Sir JoJ. Pennington, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lifter, Mr. OJbal-deston. Sir John Chapman, Mr. Lord

Mr. Torke, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Carter, Sir John Turner, Mr. Walter, Mr. Brereton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens,.and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. John the Evangelist, in minster, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House, to do therein as they shall think proper:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the Parish Church of St. John the Evan-getift was One of the Fifty new Churches built pursuant to Twofeveral Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the lteign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and was endowed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and, in consequence thereof, was consecrated on the 20th Day of June, in the Year 1728; and that the said Church, from the Time of its Consecration, was constantly made use of for Divine Service, until the 26th of September 1742; on which Day a Fire unhappily broke out in the Chimney of the Vestry-room of the said Church, occasioned (as it appeared to several experienced Workmen who were appointed to inquire into the Cause of the said Fire) by the Mismanagement of the Builders in laying the Ends of the Beams into the Funnel of the Chimney, by which means, the whole Roof, the Galleries, Pulpit, Reading-desk, and Altar, were, in a very ftiort Time, entirely consumed, and very little of the Pewing was saved; inso much, that upon a Computation, made bylkilful Surveyors, the Charge of repairing the said Church will amount to near Four thousand Pounds; and that, notwithstanding the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the EvangelTft are equally liable to the Repair of the said Church, yet the said Parishes are so burthened with a numerous Poor, and are so frequently obliged to make Re-assessments on account of the Land Tax, that they are in no Condition to pay the Rates, which must necessarily be made, for the Repairs of the said Church; and that, until the said Church shall be repaired, the Parish of St. John alone is obliged to pay One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds a Year for the Maintenance of their Minister, which was in a great m&fure paid by the Monies arising from the Pews of the said Church, before this Accident happened, but is now entirely raised by a Pound-rate on the Inhabitants; and that many of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who are only Tenants at Will, having already declared their Intention of quitting their Houses upon the Account of the high Rates and Taxes, and for want of a Church, it is to be feared the said District will soon become in a manner uninhabited, unless the said Church be repaired: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to give them such Assistance to enable them to repair their said Parish Church, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England . being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-

ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the House, to do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That it having appeared to this House, upon full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa, that the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Petitioners there, cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, and the House having thereupon been pleased, for several Sessions of Parliament last past, to grant the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds annually towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, the said several Sums have been applied accordingly; and ferther setting forth. That the Petitioners have found, by Experience, that the said annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds has been so far From answering and defraying the necessary Charges and Exigences of the said Forts and Settlements, that the Petitioners have totally exhausted even the trading Stock which they were possessed of when the said annual Allowance was first granted; so that they are now absolutely disabled from maintaining and supporting the said Forts and Settlements any longer with the said annual Allowance of Ten thousand Pounds only; and submitting to the Consideration of the House to make such an additional Allowance as may enable the Petitioners effectually to maintain and support the said Forts and Settlementsin Africa, in such manner as they ought to be, for the Protection and Benefit of all his Majesty’s Subjects trading to the Coast of Africa, or interested in the Preservation of that most essential Branch of our foreign Trade; or to put the said Forts and Settlements under such other Care and Management; and to make the Petitioners such a reasonable and just Satisfaction for their Property and Interest therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael Curzon, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Hay, Admiral Vernon, "Lord Baltimore, Mr. Mr. Win-

nington. Lord Perceval, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Laroche, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Newnham, Mr. Kent, Mr. Scot, Mr. Yorke, Captain Gough, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Alderman Lambert; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, I® dieFebruarii;

Anno 17* Georgii 11" Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

\N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Counttiiof for naturalizing MaryCountess «f Holdernffe, Wife Holdtrdtft’i

of Robert Earl of Holdernefte, was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the liih do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Sir Edwatd Pickering Baronet, in behalf E»(lla»f.

of himself, and of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Lands, lyip<j in the Parishes of Ea West Lang-ton, Chunk L-.niyfcn, and Thorp Langton, in the County of Leinster, and of the Rector of the said Parish of West Latiptun, was piefenied to the House, and read; setting forth, Thai, m September last, the Petitioner, and the

other

Aire

Navigation.

Borrowftoun-

nest

Harbour.

17 Geo. II. I ° Februarii. 535

other Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, entered into Articles of Agreement to exchange certain Rights of Common lying in the Parishes aforesaid, and to settle a yearly Sum to be paid to the Rector of

and his Successors, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and that although the said Agreement will be of manifest Advantage to all the Parties concerned, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual without the Aid of an Ail of Parliament: And therefore praying (in behalf ofhim-self and the other Persons concerned in the PremifTes), That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the Agreement aforesaid, in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mellish, Sir Sir Thomas

Cave, and Mr. Proby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes of , Kigh-

ley, Kildxvick, Skipton, and C, and other Parts adjacent to the River Aire, in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said River Aire is capable of being made navigable from Cottingley Bridge, in the Parish of Bingley aforesaid, to Inghay Bridge near Skipton, in Craven; being about Eighteen Mdes in Length from the said Cottingley

Bridge to Inghay Bridge-, and that such Navigation, when completed, would be highly advantageous, not only to the Inhabitants of the Towns, Parishes, and Places, aforesaid, but to all the neighbouring Towns and Places, and to the Public in general, from the more easy Conveyance, and cheaper Sale, of Coal, Lime, Wood, and several other Sorts of Goods, Merchandizes, and Commodities; the Prices whereof, by the heavy Charge of Land Carriage, occasioned by the Badness and Unevenness of the Roads, are very much enhanced, to the great Discouragement of Husbandry, and other Employments: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable the said River Aire, from Cottingley Bridge, to Inghay Bridge, aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Miles , Mr. Turner,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Torke, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Mr.

Shutt/eworth, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Charlton, Mr OJba Mr. Robert Wil-

hams, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Crowle, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Grant, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Humphry Haworth, Mr. Hope, Mr. Mojtyn, Sir John Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Proby, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr.

Toung, Mr. Martin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Thomas Wynn, Sir John Ramsden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hope Weir reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Ship Masters, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Bonowjlounness, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Main laid. That this Town is commonioully filuated for the carrying on foreign and coasting Trade; and that th ee

VOL. S4.

are considerable Coal and Salt Works in the adjacent Country:

That the Harbour of the said Town is in a bad Condition: That there is but One Head to the Pier, the other being left unfinished; and that it is necessary to clean the Harbour within the Piers, it being now Onfafe, if not impraiticable, to ship off Goods there; and also to remove the Shoals at the Mouth of the Harbour; by reason of which Ships cannot pass in or out, but at Spring Tides:

That the Town at present is possessed of no public Revenue for carrying on and completing the said public Works; the Expence whereof, the Witness Computed, would exceed £. l,oooo, or amount to near £. 1,500.

John Drummond, Ship Master, being examined to all the above-mentioned Particulars, his Evidence was the same in Substance with Mr. Mains-, and he added, That the cleansing the said Harbour, and finishing the said Pier, would be greatly advantageous, not only to the said Town, but the Country adjacent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Onefixth Part of a Peny Steiling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of and

Liberties thereof, in the County of and that

Mr. Hope WtHr and Sir James Grant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Mojlyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the Committing of Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of New Malton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Harley be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduit, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate in the said County); and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That upon the Petitioners meeting, in order to put the said Act in Execution, they found some Defeits therein; and in particular in the Clause for settling the Qualification of the Petitioners to ait; whereby it is declared, " That no Person shall be capable of acting as " a Trustee for executing the Powers given by the former " and the last Ait, unless such Person is leifed or possessed, " for his Life, or some greater Estate to his own Use, of " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are taxed " for Fifcy Pounds per Annum, or more, in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, towards railing the Land " Tax for any Year in which such Person shall ait as a " Trustee;" and that the Petiti ners apprehend it was not the Intention of the Legislature, that their respective Estates, for their Qualification to ait as Trustees, should be Fifcy Pounds per Annum in the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, but that such Qualification should be Fifty Pounds per Annum in either of the said Counties; and that if the said Act is not explained and rectified, in re-lpedt to the Trustees Qualification, the greatest Part of the Petitioners will be disabled from ailing, in order to put the said Ail in Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reiti tying

a Mistake,

New Malton BuUer Market, &c.

Taking the Poll at County Elections.

Luton, &c, Roads*

Laws relating to Trinity Pilots.

53*5

i* Febfudr

A. 174J.

nishment; and ..that, by reason of tfrfte Defers in the said Act, divers Persons, especially Foreigners, not being licensed as aforesaid, do daily take upon them (elves the Pilotage of Ships contrary to the.trpe intent and Meaning of the said Aftrand in open Defiance thereof, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, who apply themselves jvholly to that Service, on which their Livelihood entirely depends; .^nd that the carrying on Prosecutions to obtain final judgment before the Quarter Selfjon> is attended with considerable fexpence, and no Provision is nude

w__________ vr.. ________ ______ ____ Jfor the Coils of such Prosecutions; the said Aftdireft-

ky, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Richard Williams, tyr. ing, That all the pecuniary Penal fits and Forfeit^resarififig Pratt, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cope, Sir John Philippsj Mr. thereby, shall be applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the Lowndes, Sir Edmund Isham, }&uPitt, Mr. Fere, Lord /^Corporation of Triply House in g^ns^d; and that the Chetwynd, Sir John further, Mr. Prvwfe, Sir Nathanael Petitioners, finding it impracticable.tp discover and con-Curzon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Foley $ and all the Members vid the Persons who take upon themselv'es top\\6X Ships, who fervp for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford and not being licensed as the said Act directs, without havittg Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of a proper Person to go on board Ships navigated down the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power and up the Rivers, Channels, and Places, b ifore-mention-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ed, have, by a Writing under their Hands, appointed a

Person to find out and prosecute such Offenders; and, in

a Miflake, and Supplying Defects, in the Act aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it diali appear to them, to the House:

And it is Preferred to Sir John Chester, Lorvd Perceval, Sir James Grant, Sir Humphry Haworth, Mr. Finch, Lord Dupplin, Dr* Lee, Mr. Stanley, Mr, SJmftleworth, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. OJbaldtfbn, i Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Barrington, Sydenham Mr.. Thurs-

A Petition of the Pilots licerifed by the Corporation of Trbiity House of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and the rest of the said licensed Pilots, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent; and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances rtpOft the River of Thames, b^-low London Bridge; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That if any Person shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, as Pilot, down the River of Thames', or through the North Chanel, to or by Orfordness § or round the Long Sand Head, into the Downs; or down the South Chanel, into the Downs; or from or by Orfordness,

Up the North Chanel, or the River of Thames, or the River Medway; other than such Person as shall be li-tenfed and authorized to act as a Pilot, by the Matter, Wardens, and Assistarits, of t‘he said Corporation of Trinity House, for the Time being, under their Common Seal; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Counties of Middle [ex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, in the manner prescribed in the Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds (Matters or Owners of Ships in the Coal Trade, and other coasting Trade, excepted): And it is also enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved, or'remain pnfatisfied in the Judgment of the (aid Justices, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Offence shall be commuted, who are impowered to Summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and that an Appeal to the (Quarter Sessions being allowed to Persons prosecuted by virtue of the said Act, from the Judgment of the Two Justices before whom they are convicted, and no Security being required to be given by the Party appealing, for the Payment of the Penalty, in case such Judgment should be affirmed by the Quarter Session, the Persons, so prosecuted, do generally appeal, in order to put the P;o-fecutor to as much Expence as they can, as wellas to gain Time, or (being Foreigners) to have an Opportunity of going abroad, and thereby ofren evade the Payment of the Penalties they have incurred; and that many of the Offences are committed at or near the Town of Qravefend, in the County of Kent; but the Justices of Peace of that Corporation have not Power given them to hear and determine the Offences against the Slid Act; and it is impossible so get '1 wo Justices of the County of Kent to meet to convict the Offenders, by rea'on of the DistanCe they live at from the said Town, and From each other; so that Offenders frequently escape without Pu-25

Consideration of his Labour, Pains, and Expence, therein, have paid, and are willing and desirous to pay, such Person One Shilling for each Ship they, or any of them, have piloted, or shall Dilot for the future: And representing to the House, That the Petitioners likewise maintain their own Poor ,; so that they apprehend, that if the pecuniary Penalties imposed by virtue of the Clauses before mentioned were to be applied’, in the Frrft place, to the necessary Costs in carrying on the said Prosecutions, and, in thf next, place, for the Relief of poor and decayed Pilots, and the Widows of Pilots, the good Intention of the said Act would be better answered: And further Setting forth, That there is no Direction in the said Act, what Wages shall be paid to the said licensed Pilots for their Pilotage, whereby frequent Disputes have'arisen between them and the Matters of Ships; , for preventing of which for the future, the Matters of Ships, as well as Pilots, are desirous that their Wages may be ascertained at the usual and accustomed Rates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, so much of the said Act as relates to the said licensed Pilots, and to ascertain the Wages to be taken by them for their Pilotage.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Lambert, Sir Thomas Drifry, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Ord, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Brereton, Mr. West, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Lefty, Mr. Hungerford, Nit. Sfmttlewprth, Mr. 'Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Fane, Mr. *Gybbon, Sir Hum. Howorth, General OnflowSir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Nit. Buchaman, Mr. Williams, Mr. Butler, Sir John Hynde Cottm, Sir James Grant, Mr. Powney, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mellish, Lord Limerick, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Pry ft, Mr. Vere, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Watkin Wms. Wym; and all the Members who Serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County o(Bucks i and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; wastpresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the said Borough of Buckingham, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently patting through the fame, is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, the said Road is dangerous to Travellers, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of thisReaim, be effectually repaired, Unless some further Provision be made for railing Money to-be

-applied

17 Geo. II.

Februarii.

applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. George Grenville, Lord Gra-nard, Mr. Stanley, Lord Strange, Mr. Hope Weir, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Edwin, Mr Hay, Sir Nathanael Curzoti, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walter, Mr. Prowse, Dr. Lee, Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Sir John Chester, Mr. Jtnyns, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir 7o//w Philipps, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fotf, Sir Cordell Fire brace, Mr. Fe llowes, Mr. CW-wright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Oxon, Northampton, and Warwick: And they

are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

T?c!N«r* Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry to the Lords the

4ngrofled Bill for naturalizing Andrew Ternpieman and John Darlon of London, Merchants; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.,

Westminster. A Petition of the Commissioners, for building a Bridge £ndge. at Westminster, was presented to the House, ‘and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are by Several Acts of Parliament, passed in his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Cit^ of Westminster, to the of-pofite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and are, by the said several Acts, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of: That the Petitioners have proceeded to jaurebafe several Houses, and Parcels of Ground, for opening, widening, and rendering convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; but that some Doubts and Difficulties have arose in the Execution of such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Method to -be pursued by the Petitioners, in purchasing, and becoming possessed of, Houses and Estates for the opening the Ways, Streets, and Passages; which, if explained and amended, the Petitioners apprehend would enable them to execute the Trufls reposed in them, in a more eafyand effectual Manner, than they can other wise do: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Prem-ifesinto Con fid erat ion, and give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for explaining and amending the said Acts, in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Walker, Mr. West, Mr. P/umpire, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Rich. War. Bampfylde, Mr. Knight, Sir John G/ynne, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Brookfbank, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybfton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Glanville, Colonel Norton, Sir John Norris, Mr. Bacon, Lord Limerick, M,r. Colion, Mr. jfreher, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grenville, Sir Edmund I/fiam, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bankas, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

*GMphin, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Fox, Mr, Pytts, Sir Miles Stapylton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex and the City <of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon

Vol. 24.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber v Anil have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.'

Sir Humphrey Howarth presented to the House, accord- Cafwall’s ing to Order, a Bill to enable John Cafwall Gentleman, Name, now called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall’, and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and lift the Surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the Will of Giles Whitehall deceased: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Stephen Naville was presented to the Natillc’i House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to Nat-bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Drury and Mr. Brookfbank do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge Westminster at Westminster, being offered to be presented to the Bndgc* House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,' by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; feeding forth, That the Petitioners are by several Acts df Parliament, palfed in his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the of-polite Shore, in the County of Surrey; and are by Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of hfs present Majesty, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they (hah find proper, to make open, and Jay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge,- to the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find beceffiiry for them to be possessed of: That the Petitioners have made a considerableProgress in building the said’ Bridge: and have purchased several Houses, and Parcels of Ground, for opening, widening, and renderingconvenient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; in doing which they have expended almost all the Monies hitherto granted them for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the greatest Care and Frugality; and are stifl under Corftrad for several Parts of the Works, which are now carrying on, and which will amount to a greater Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners: That the Petitioners find themselves under a Necessity of applying to the House for such further Sums of Money as, the House shall judge proper, that a Work, so useful and advantageous to the Public, may not be stopt for want thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and grant them such further Sums of Money, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- ’ sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the greatest Part of the Distillers in the Distilkrs Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Sonthzvark, Trade, and weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Trade of Distillingwas thought beneficial to this Nation; and, as an Encouragement thereto, Liberty was granted by Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to any Person, to make; draw, or distil, for Sale, or to be retailed,

6 X low

53*

Februarii

A. 1743.

low Wines or Spirits, from Drink brewed from malted Com, or Cyder, subject to the Duties and Penalties therein mentioned; notwithstanding an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Qeen Elizabeth, which debarred »ny Person using an Occupation, not having served as an Apprentice thereto for Seven Years; and that, the Trade being opened, many Persons, not bred up in the Business, for Gain, without Regard to Reputation, encouraged excessive Drinking, which occasioned many Vices and Irregularities } to restrain which, the Legislature passed an Act, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, prohibiting all Persons selling spirituous Liquors in less Quantity than Two Gallons, which was the Ruin of many Persons bred up in the Business, while others, the Intruders, sold by Retail, in open Defiance of the Law; and that, the said Act not having the defned Effect, an Act was passed, in the last Session of Parliament, laying double the Duties before laid on spirituous Liquors, and a Liberty of retailing them was granted to those Persons only, who keep Taverns, Victualling-houses, Inns, Coffee-house, or Alehouses, first taking out a Licence, as the said Act directs; and that, the Trade being thus opened again, many Victuallers and Alehouse-keepers have laid Part of their Houses into Brandy Shops, and others, not contented to enjoy Part of the Pet i t ioners Bufi ness, have erected Stills to become Distillers; by which Means 'the Petitioners apprehend the Trade is put into the Hands of the meaner Sort of People, and excessive Drinking noways restrained; and the Petitioners, many of whom had considerable Sums of Money given with them when put to Apprenticeship, who have laid out their Fortunes in the Business, and whose whole Dependence, for the Support and Maintenance of themselves and Families, is thereon, aredeprived of the Benefit of retailing, in a reputable Manner, their own Goods, and are in Danger of having their Trade taken entirely from them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Dif-. tillers to fell their own Goods in any Quantity; and to prevent Persons from becoming Distillers for the future, not having served an Apprenticeship thereto; or to grant them such other Relief, as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

that Act be sufficiently provided for, and remedied; it was enacted, That Seven Persons, therein particularly named, for each of the Counties of , Suffolk,

Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, should be, and were thereby, made and constituted Commissioners for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for supplying the Number of the Commissioners of the said respective Counties, in case of Death, or other Avoidance or Incapacity, it was thereby also enacted, That within Three Months after such Death, or Notice of such Avoidance or Incapacity, the remaining Commissioners of each respective County of which such Commissioners who died, or became incapable, were, or the major Part of them, should, from time to time, nominate and appoint, by Deed, under their Hands and Seals, to be inrolled in Chancery, some other Person or Persons residing within the said County of which the said Commissioners who died, or became incapable, were, to be Commissioners in the place and stead of him or them so dying, or becoming incapable; which said Commissioners thereby constituted, or thereafter to be constituted, in manner aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, were thereby authorized and inn-powered, from time to time, to hear and determine such Complaints, Controversies, Differences, and Grievances, as are in the said Act expressed, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as are therein mentioned: And further setting forth. That the remaining Commissioners, named in the said Act for each respective County, omitted, from time to time, to nominate and appoint other Persons to be Commissioners, as Deaths, Avoidances, or other Incapacities, happened amongst them; so that there are no such Commissioners now in being for any of the said Counties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Revival of so much of the said Act as concerns the Nomination, and perpetual Succession, of Commissioners for each of the respective Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, Lincoln, and for the Isle of Ely, by appointing new Commissioners for the said respective Counties and Isle, to be inverted with such Powers, and for such Intents and Purposes, only, as are specified in the same Act.

The House was moved, that the 23d and 24th, and Part of the 26th Section of an Act, made in the Fif*

teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great

Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, might be read.

igc CommitTiORers

Bedford _ A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Bo-Level Drain- rough of Lcnne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in County of Norfolk: And also,

A Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge', Were severally presented to the House, and read; set-

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And they are referred to Sir John Turner, Lord Dtp-plin, Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Pelham, Mr. EllisMr. Yorke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr. /fating forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in pole. Lord Middlesex, Mr. Colonel Townsend,

the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Mr. Edward Finch, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Arun-Ckarles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the dell, Mr. Secretary at War, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr.

~ ----- FellMr. Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Mitch-

ell, Sir Edmund Isham, Alderman Calvert, Mr. Legge, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gybbon, Lord John Sackville, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Knight, Admiral Vernon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hope, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Sir Hugh Smitkfon, Sir John Shelley, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. IVtlliams, Mr. Mel/ish, Mr. Cotton, Mj. Grenville, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore,

..... o Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr.

things, it is recited, That whereas the Draining, and Houblon, Sir Boteler Charnocke, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edward future Maintenance, of the said Great Level ought Dering, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Buller, Mr. Packer, to be without Prejudice to Navigation; and because Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Montague, Mr. all Complaints which had been made, andallPreju- cumbe, Mr. Courtenay, Lord Mr. and

diets which had been, or should be, done to parti- all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, cplar Persons, Parishei, and Places, could not by Suffolk, Cambridge, Northampton, Lincoln, Huntingdon

Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, a Corporation was for that Purpose insti-tuted, and to have Succession for ever, in such manner as is therein contained, by the Name of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens; which Corporation is thereby made to consist of One Governor, Six Bailiffs, and Twenty Conservators, and Commonalty; in which Act, amongst other

lltfi

Pi;

W;

odl

li.'-:

Hi.'.

Motion for Orders o( the Day.

Ways and Mtans.

Supply Bill; Duties of Malr, &c.

Supply.

17 Geo. II. 1" — 20 Februarii. 539

and Bedford, and the Isle of Ely: And they are to meet this Afternoon at F ve of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUmfo, hcY^rW, J2I4_

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refohe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms Sept. 1743* re" ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of his Majesty’s Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms September 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cora- mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Francis Pane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which' they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SeYen-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

jetty-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisj 2* die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Sugar

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended imported,&c. at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, spurfuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into, and exported out of, England, from Christmas 1707, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing the Medium of the Imports and Exports for every Term of Seven Years within that time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 14.

AN

Coinage

Duty.

540

2° Februaru. A. 1743.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Sugar imported into, and exported out of, England, from

1707, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing the Medium of the Imports and Exports for every Term of Seven Years within that time.

Imported. Raw Sugar exported. ., — ~ - , Rtfined Sugar exported.

Hundreds. lb. Hundreds. Qrs. lb. Hundreds. Qrs. lb.

From Christmas 1707 to Christmas 1708 379>327 1 22 64,180 n J 6 2,365 — 11

1709 397,57° 3 12 74,377 3 23 92.2. — 18

1710 507,662 1 21 *7»°75 2 5 2,146 2 21

1711 367A63 3 6 82,142 2 24 I,8oo 2 .16

1712 423,54* — 1 119,567 1 8 8,579 2 18

*7*3 5°3,528 1 8 184,609 — 12 3,193 1 10

1714 512,221 3 — 158,996 3 6 3,482 3 5

1715 617,414 3 11 *43,337 1 *3 4,48 3 lb

1716 684,759 2 16 161,941 3 3 4,549 l

1717 763,175 3 14 290,179 2 11 1 9 993 — 2

1718 566,885 — 1 *24,375 1 *3 43,188 1 9

1719 544.634 — 25 167,622 — 20 3,644 2 *9

. - ... 1720 .706,385 3 10 121,778 — 9 3,106 3 7

1721 497,611 — 21 66,743 3 11 3,786 2 25

1722 616,941 — 9 83,609 2 5 5.245 2 2

C 1723 660,766 2 9 63,479 1 7 4-9*4 2 12

1724 729333 2 13 110,088 1 x 1 5,177 2 *9

*7aj 851,952 2 25 147,408 2 1 6,293 3

1726 668,346 1 9 146,915 n 3 22. 8,414 2 / 7

1727 O 645,158 — 1 112,699 3 21 1 *,°73 3 1

1728 972,240 - — - 1 210.320 3 23 29, *34 1 4

*729 994,761 3 158,746 2 *3 13,086 1 2

1730 1,024,078 2 3 167,980 1 12 *4.538 — , 23

x731 818,277 1 12 95.832 — 1 21,077 2 2b

*732 822,844 3 lS 121,904 3 18 16,511 3 18

1733 1,001,784 2 — 102,274 — 5 27,003 2 5

1734 695,679 3 9 44,932 — 8 *3,275 — 26

- 173.5 9°3’634 2 22 69,899 2 25 21,070 1 —

*736 877»59‘ — 24 58,569 3 26 i9,7®6 2 24

1737 ' 55°j900 1 IO 40,779 3 *7 II»33I 3 6

1733 864,252 1 1 49,437 1 6 9*97 i 2 3

173 9 951,073 3 4 63.*49 — 3 15,881 2 19

1740 706,947 — 8 67,144 a 16 15,046 1 9

1741 886,124 1 — 68,450 — 3 9,449 3 *5

1742 73*,4*° 3 11 5°>23* 10 *2,599 n J 24

Total - - 24.445.782 — h 3,910,782 2 25 366,178 3 *3

By the annual Medium of the First 7 Years to

( D# Christmas - Second D* to Christmas 1714 1721 44*.573 625,838 2 *7 10 114,421 153,711 1 24 19 3,256 6,107 — 6 22

D° - Third D* to Christmas 1728 734.934 . — 5 *24,931 3 4 / 10,056 I 7

D* - Fourth D® to Christmas *735 894’437 X 16 108,795 2 19 18, i(56 3 1 14

D* of the last 7 Years to Christmas 1742 795.471 1 16 56,8-3 — *5 *4,744 3 7

N- £ — ‘The Inspector General receives no Accounts from; which is the Reason this Account is for

England only.

Custom House, London. John AIT. I. General.

Gs

Cm

Jrtri

K

Sotj

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the to be peruled by the Members of the House. Money remaining in the Exchequer, by Imprest Money

repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Dawson, from And then he withdrew, the Exchequer, attended at the Door; And the Title of the said Account was read.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the The said Account is as followeth; ,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Am ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer arisen £. t. d. by Imprest Money repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty - - ~ ^’O00

Exchequer, the 2d Day of February 1743*

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, A Bill for railing and establishing a Fund for a Provi- Scotch to be perused by the Members of the House. fion for the Widows and Children of the Mmillers of the

ij Geq. It. it F 5-41

Church of Scotland, arid of the Heads, Principals, and a Victualler for the &me Price j both, which were as Matters, of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, good as new; and laid further, that he knows it is a cora-and Edinburgh, was read a Second time. mon Practice with the Victuallers to fell Butts.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Advo- Being required by the Committee to explain what he cate of Scotland, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Plumptre, meant by Brewers Servants ? he said, he had seen Butts,

Colonel Evans, Sir John P'hillipps, Mr. Strickland, Mr. sold by the Cooper, the Drayman, and their Assistantsj

Gore, Mr. Benner, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Sydenham, Lord and that the common Price is from to 6 a Butt. Granard, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hayward, And Mr. Hacks informed the Committee, that it had Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. never been the Custom to give the old Calks to any of Whichcote, Lord Strangle, Sir John Barrington, Mr. West, the Servants attending the Brewhouse.

Mr. Stew art. Sir Cordell Firebrace, Sir John Turner, Mr. . Mr. Jasper IVodehouse, being again examined, said,.

Best, Lord George Graham, Mr. Grove, Dr. Butler, Mr. That he had seized and brought home about 15 of his Pratt, Mr Southwell, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. LevtjoU Matter’s Butts, and 3 Barrels; and the Persons where he Gower, Lord Glenorchy; And all the Members who serve seized the said Calks, told him, theyhad bought them of for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon Victuallers, or Brewers Servants, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Being asked, if he, found any of those Calks at the

Victuallers who brew their own pale Beer

Galley Mr. Charles Gore presented to the House, according to He said, he did, particularly at one House, near, a

Cornet Road. Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the -Term and Dozen; Two of which had his Matter’s Mark upon

Powers granted by ati A(ft, passed in the Third Year of them; but the rest, though it was apparent they belonged the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road to some Brewhouse, by the Marks being defaced, it was leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in impossible to fix upon, the particular Owners, the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, Being examined asto the Business of a Cooper, and

to Lamsford Mill, in the County of Hertford: And the whether he was properly (peaking, a hired Servant ? same was received; and read the First time. He said, that a Cooper to a Brewhouse is a Servant who

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. receives Weekly Wages: That his Business is to clean the

' Butts, to carry them into the Victuallers Cellars, and

Alderman Lambert reported from the Committee, start the Beer; as also to take care of the Beer when in Brewer* to whom the Petition of the Matter and Keepers, or War- the Victuallers Cellars. /

Servants. dens, and Commonalty* of the Mystery.or Art of Brewers, He further said, that the Loss to the Brewers within of the City of London, was referred, That the Committee the Bills of Mortality, occasioned by this Practice, is very had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had considerable; but that it is impossible to ascertain exactly directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, how much; but he thinks it mutt amount to near 500 together with the Resolution of the Committee there- yearly to any Person who has considerable Dealings in the upon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Brewing Trade.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Mr. Thomas Fofey, Servant to Mr. Thrale, informed

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. the Committee, that he detected a Person who had forr . To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, merly been employed in Mr. Thr ale's, Brewhouse, and

Mr. Jasper IVodehouse said. That it had been the con- had defrauded his Matter of Four Butts; and that he stant Practice of the Brewers to furntlh their Customers found the said Butts broken to Pieces, or, as is usually with Calks, which sometimes amount to the Number of called, knocked down, for the fake of the Iron Hoops 100, or 150, at one. House, more or less, as the Trade of only: That the Offender was committed to Prison., and their respective Customers requires: prplecuted at Hicks's HaU; which Prosecution colt up-

That the Brewers receive no Consideration 0* Advan- wards of f. 20; and the Punishmcot awarded against the Tage what (be ver: for the Use of their Calks. - Criminal, in consequence thereof, was a Fine of 1 s. and

And Robert Hucks Esquire, confirmed the abovesaid Three Months Iraprifbnme.st: ' /

Evidence , informing your Committee, that he has feve- That, upon finding another Butt of Mr. s in a

ral Thousand Butts, which he trusts in the Custody of the Persons Custody, near he applied to,.a Magi-

Victuallers, and for which he receives no Consideration ft rate, for a Warrant, which be retufedto grant; bring or Security from his Customers.. of Opinion there was no Law to justify it:

Mr. Joseph Chamberlain said. That , his Business, as a That Mr. Thrale had lately since bought 300 Iron-Cooper, obliging him to go about the Streets for Work, bound Barrels and Half Hogsheads; several of which, the Jie has seen (©me Hundred of Butts brought out of the Witness informed1 the Committee, fie had discovered in Cellars of public Houses, and fold for Water Tubs; and different Parts of the Town; and that the Persons in when he served the Office of Constable, having obtained whose Possession he, found them, refuted to return them, a Search Warrant, he found several Calks with the Brew* and set him at Defiance:

ers Marks upon them; and, upon his demanding of the That Mr. Thrale has not One of those Vesselsnow re-Persons, in who'e Possession. he: found such Butts, how maining, though he has never disposed of or broke up any they came there? their Answer was, that theyhad bought of them; and that he apprehends his Matter’s Lois, by them of Bpewers Servants, or Victuallers; and one Per- such Practices, mutt amount to near £. 500 a Year.

Ion, in particular, shewed the Witness a Receipt for the Mr. Benjamin Truman said, his Lois, occasioned by Payment of One of them, signed by a Victualler. the Frauds complained of in the Petition, is very con-

Being asked his Reason for taking particular Notice of siderable; thinks it may amount to £. 500 a Year; and these Calks, further informed the Committee, that a Butt wililaft 10,

He said, he apprehended they mutt be acquired in a 12, or 15 Years; notwithstanding it hascoft him, tofup-clandestine Manner, from the Lowness of the Price, which ply himtclt with Butts, for these 5 Years last part, more the said Persons informed him was Five, or seldom more than the Value of his present Stock of Butts amount un-than Six, Shillings for a Calk, which was worth about to, from the fraudulent Practices of his Servants, and the Three times that Sum; these Calks being very rarely the Victuallers.

worle for use; but, though they had been damaged, the He further said, that such a Calk is worth One-third as Owners, even in that Cate, might turn them to much much as the Beer contained therein, greater Advantage, by taking them to Pieces, and con.- He like wife informed your Committee (which was vesting them into smaller Vessels. confirmed by several other Gentlemen present), that the

Mr. Simon Musgrave said, That he knows Mr. Hus Brewer* were obliged to ule Ten times the Number of Cooper to have made a common Practice of felling Calk?, Velieis they did f >rmer.y, by reason their Trade hereto-which he told the Witness were his Vrquifites: That he fore confided chiefly in brew ing mild Beer and Ale, which . bought a Butt of the said Cooper for Os. and another of 14 nqw. diluted, the present Demand of their Customers Voj.. 24. 6 Y being

54* 2* Febmwii. ~ A. 1743.

being a# for flirting B*er; the former o$ these Liquors is drawn in Two Months* tha latter is frequently- kegfc as. niany Years.

Mr. WtiMmt M'ajon (kid, that h« and1 feme others haw-

ing procored a Search Warrant from Cotonel Be Petit found in one Street, near Grvfoenor above 20

But-fe belonging to- Brewers*; which the- Person©, who were in Possession of them, laid were bought of Brewers Servants for about 6s. a piece;

One Person, in particular, owned1 he bought- hisCafk of a Servant, who, he believos, belongs to Mr.. Httcks and that the Bargain was publicly made at a House which Mr. bhtcks furnishes with Beer:

That the Coopers and Draymen aft. frequently, as they go along the Streets, if any Person will buy a Calk.

And the Examinant further said, That going- through BuJJel Street, about Five of the Clock in the Morning, he met a Cooper and Boy rolling Two, empty Butts: That he {topped them; and, upon Examination, found the Butts had Mr, Lloyd's, Mark upon them, and were as good as new* upon which*, he aiked them whence they had those Butts ? The Cooper answered, he bought them of a Victualler; and that he, the Witness, had nothing to do with it.

All the aforesaid' Witnesses severally gave Evidence to the great Detriment the Grievance complained- of in the Petition is to the Brewing Trade.

And Mr. Uuchs said furtheF, That all the Remedy they have, is an Action at Law* which being only laid for

2o.t. that Method must prove a greater Grievance than the Loss; nor is it eligible for any one in Trade to commence a Suit with his Customer for so inconsiderabte a Sum.

As to the Servants, their Circomstances renders it impossible for their Masters to procure a pecuniary Satisfaction from them; and they usually abscond as soon as they apprehend they are detected.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutfon:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and others, from telling, pawning, and naaking away with, Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them respectively, without the Con lent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof: And that Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Pratt, and Mr. Alderman Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Registering A Petition of John Smithy of the Clo/e of,

of Wool. Clerk (together with Heads of a Scheme, tec.), was presented to the House; and the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioner hath, for several Years past, applied himselfwith Diligence to find out the true Interest of the Nation, in regard to that valuable Part of its Produce, Wool; particularly to consider of the bell Means for preventing the clandestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland-, both correcting himself, from time to time, by all the Observations he could make, and the belt Notices hecould receive, about it* and further setting forth. That whereas a general Registry of Wool was, in thehrft Session of the last Parliament, resolved to be a necessary Expedient (in consequence whereof, several Schemes have since been published, and lbme laid before the House, but no one yet made Choice of); the Petitioner, therefore, carefully attendingto the Objections made to those already produced, with all due Regard thereto, and to the several different lawful interests, as nearly as possible, of the Grower, the Manufacturer, and the rest of the People, hath prepared a Scheme, as an Alternative, which, he hopes, is practicable, Cafe, in a Manner easy, and also sufficient to answer the End the Heads whereof are (in a Schedule annexed to the Petition, and the Use and Reason of which are more largely explained in a Tract) lately published by the Petitioner, intituled, " The State of our Wool and Woollen Trade ao

"'reviewed, tet." Andt praying the Ht>use-to take the same under Considerafrion, or litch other- Relief in thfr Premises, as to the House (halt seem most meet: And the said' Heads of a Scheme, tec. were likewi-so react

Ordered, That the said- Petition do-lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That alj Committees bo- revived, Commktas

A Petition, of Sit John Baird of Baronet, Sit- Edinburgh

Robert Myrton of Gogar, Baronet, Sir James , Elect*,

of H-ailis, Baronet, Sir James Steuart- of Good trees, Baronet, Mr. Thomas Caldemvood of Poitou, Advocate, Ronald Campbell, of Palermo, Esquire, Alexander. it- of Ratho, Esquire, Thomas Pringle of Symington, Esquire,

Andrew Murjoeihanks of That Ilk, E" quire, John Prejbo*

of Gourton, Esquire, William Dick of Grange, Esquire, Alexander Brand, of Br/mdsfield.\Esquire, Alexander Hum*

of Muirhouse, Esquire, Adam Fair holme, of Greenbill,

Esquire, Archbald Brown of Greenbank, Esquire, and John, Cochrane of Ravdrig, Esquire, Freeholders of and in the County or Shine of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read.; setting forth. That, by the L$w& and Statutes of this Realm, regulating the Elections of Commissioners to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and for preventing fasse and uo> due Returns, it is, inter alia, enacted and declared, That the Prasfes chosen. to any Meeting for Election of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, shalt administer, and the Clerk chosen to the same Meeting fhatl, immediately after his Election, take and subscribe, an Oath, specially appointed by an Act of Parliament, in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, that every Freeholder, who ihal) claim to vote at any Election aforesaid, or who shall have Right to vote in adjusting the Rolls of Freeholders, shall, upon the Requell of any other Freeholder formerly inrolled, take and fubforibe another Oath, specially appointed by an Act of the Parliament held in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, before he proceeds to vote in the Choice of a Member, or adjusting the Rolls; and that, at every Election of a Commissionrr for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, the Roll of Electors, last made up by the Freeholders, whether at the hflichaehnas Meeting, or at the last Electon of a Member tQ serve in Parliament, shall be the Roll to be called over by the Commissioner last elected, in order to the Electon of Prsfes and Clerk, as also by the/Praefes, after he 13 chosen, for the Choice of the Member to serve in Parliament, and Steps preparatory thereunto, excepting so far as the said Roll shall have been altered, after the Choice of Prasfes and Clerk, in Manner provided for by the Statute; and that the Commissioner, last defied, shall sign the Minutes; of the Election of Prsfes and Clerk, and deliver the same to the Clerk chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders, as aforesaid; and that the Clerk chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll, shall return to the Sheriff, or Steward, such Person as shall be defied by the Majority of the Freeholders (landing on the Roll made up at the Meeting for Election, in the manner aforesaid and that every Sheriff or Stewart of any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, upon producing to him a Copy of the aforesaid Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the last Michaelmas Meeting, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, extraded and signed by the Sheriff or Steward’s Clerk; and upon producing and shewing to him the original Minutes of the Election of Pratfes and Clerk, signed by the Commissioner last elected, shall annex to the Writ the Return made by the Clerk chosen by thp Majority of the Freeholders on the aforesaid Roll; and further setting forth.

That a Writ ’having issued in consequence of an Order of the House, directed to the Sheriff of Edinburgh, for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, in the place of Sir Char let Gilmour, Baronet, Commissioner last elected, and who had, since his former Election, accepted of the Office of one of the Commissioner* of Trade and Plantations; and Intimation having been made to the Freeholders of -die find Shire to meet upon

the

1

i,7! II. Feiwqrif.

Hi

Ibe Thirteenth in the.Yeary i.74f, fat

making such Eieifuon, (Jie, Petitioners, andi, with tiiem, Jundrjt other Bexlons, Freeholders ojUhefeidi Shire, (Jid ^ardingty.cop»v^ne.at the Time. and in the Place- appointed by Law; and that Sir Charles Gilmour, asintitled y Law, did preside at, and in, the Steps of Procedure for electing, an^ in the Elc&ion of, the Piafes and Clerk for the Election of the Commissioner; and that RoberJ Dundas of Asniftm, Esquire, took updnf him to Jgrefide. in, and act as Brasfes. of, the Miceting. for Election, and Alexander Belfches ofbmevmay, Sheriff's Clerk ofl Edinburgh, took upon him to act as Clerk of the said Meeting, and as. the Returning Officer duly elected; and Mr. Alexander Lind of Gorg{e0 One of the Deputy of the Sheriff o( Edinburgh di<^ ac^p^ of a Return frprq the said A/expiif^r Belfches, as y\?r\H i\'ore" fa$, ^nd annexed.fame* to the Writ; and thereby hath certified and retuj.neo, (hat th^fa$;Sir GJjarJfis GJlt-mour Baronet, is duly. ComipjSojiy (p, forve. m

this present Parliament for the said ^urVof Edinburgh', apd rejpresentjing to the Hopf^, Tj'hat, thepretended Elections of the fejd kobo t Pandas Eiauire^ to fye Bi^ques, and of the said Alexander Belfches \o be Clerk, to the Meeting (or (fledtion, a,re yoid and rtull, ^br the fpllpiying Reasons: First^For that C^rtain of the' Freeholders, wl^Q Chimed to vote at trip aforesaid l^le&iqn, j viz. %Jjffs Pa' vijdson of Hal tree, Adam Ittgjis yo linger, of Gramond^, apd Patrick Murray of Deuchar, bping: required ta others of thp Freeholders present, and formerly inroad, to take; t^e Oath appointed by the $q; ’ of aboye^mprir

tioned/riiade in the Seventh ifear of his Majesty's^igp, did not take and subscribe the Oath ip ^he Terras of, and Manner prescribed by, the ^qd du{ nptw.ith-

ndincjjreijume to vote \n the find Election; and, Secondly, T;or tjpat the said Sir Cthqrfes Gilnjotir, k(l Copj-miffipher to Parliament for the (aiq Sjhirp of Rdfaupirgh, did riot call over, and refused to call over, tKe Roir of Electors made up by the Freeholders at the last preceding Election of a Member to ferye in Par(jar^f nt for the feme §(T,rV; which' was the Rojl (aft piade up by t^e Frephpldeys, and was again approved of, ratified* and connrtpcdj by j. (ubfequeqt Meeting of {fie Freeholders at Michaelmas 1743, when one Freerider ^v, as ^dded to the said (loft by the a jure said j^Iepting pq the qh of OAokeif 743; and further reprefeptipg to the Fjoufe, That the prefenaed felefftion of the said Sp £ha%lzs (jilflour tp pe Commit; fioner to serve in this prefeqt P^rfiijpiept (or the $hjr<^6( Efakurg^ is in }jkp m^ppr void nytl): Pirft, for that there was no regular or legal EleiSion of rrasles and Clerk, fpf lhe Meeting of E|e<ftion ^forfsaid;

Secondly, For (bat no Mjnij(e of such py^tc;n^fjd Fjgc: tions of Tqefes and Clerk ^4? signgd by §fr Chqrks Gil-ypour, the l^ft Cpp] mi (Tipper tp Parliament, npr delivered to the said Akxandfij fieJfcftes, at she tirue vyh^q the said Robert pupdas Esqqjr^, apd fbf lais} Alexander R elf clips, took upop tl)epitp'^ a^ Piaefes ^pej Cjerjt respejRjy^y, nor at any time l^fpre fjie Ffeajop wa$ijcf)aredi Thi^l^i For that tl}e feid Ephcrt Djujdas Ejqqije, apd Alexander; Belfchesy did np.t i^ke ancj| f^r Q^fb of ^llegjanp* so his Majesty, subjCcrjbe (he ffme, ^pd the A|Tqfanc$, after their pretepdpd Efe^ioq (to these officp$ j ^purt/ily, For that t^e FfeelyQldfrs, particularly abpye-nafqefj, did not, thoqgl) fequfred as atprafeid, tzftp apd subscrjbp the G^t h appoipted ip f^Caid, of tj^c §,eyep(h year of his Maj.ejfty’s Reign, by /?*<i Sta(u(a is prdaiped; Fifijilyf Fpjr tl^t the said Rob'e^t Dyn^s F/qujre, yyjh, ci> ficling 4s prae(e$ to the Meeting afore^d?frtufed pea)} oyer the ^qll of W Pfdejup, ag ap?sese(d, and

appointed t'o be Jby him jc^Jlqd qvejr, in Texnps of thp Sur tute above-re, citqa f apd, 'fa W M Pfece, For thpt the said Robert pandas Elgi^re, wj?ep ^ting & Prsefe? jt:o the Meeti^ afofplajid, did pot adduni^ef, and^ f^d AlfxT wider Betfflip ft ftfayg} $ting as fa fhp frifi

ing, did p.Qt ta)ce and fpbfcribp, % Path epjpiped to be Jdministered by the onp, and to jbe t^cep^d .(pbfepbed jhy the ochei) lately pfter the jEJefti^n of fafft |ftp fers

Alexander BelJcljes, nor at any time before taking the VOL. 24.

Polk ot.calling, t}}eL Votes.for Kleflion ofi^the Commissioner; and further reprellmting t^ the House, That the Return made by the find Alexander Relfohes to the Taid Mr. Alexander Lind of the Name of the said' Sir Ckaffes Giimur Baronet, as the Person duly elected Commissioner, and; the Return, thereupon ni.ade by the saidllr.

Alexander Ldnfo to the Grown Office, with,’ or annexed, to, the Writ, is a void, qjull," false, and undue Return, ?the said Sir.jC/iar/iti Gilmour n6t being duly dedted, or inti-tledito, be.so returned; for that the Taid, Alexander Self diet was; not ciuly..or regularly cholen Clerk to the Meeting for the Election aforesaid, and so was not the Person'irii titled tamake fiuch Returp to the Sheriff; and for that the Miqute&ot the pretended EfodUon of the said Alexander Belfches to be Clerk to the Election, were not signed by the last Commissioner before or at the;time of the said Alpxefyder Belfches. hii teridering, and the said, Mr. Alexander Lind his receding, such Return as aforesaid; and that t^ere \\aa not produced to the said Mr. Alexander Lind a Copj of the Roll last made upbylhe Freeholders of the said Shire, at their last Michaelmas Meeting, or at the last Election of a Member to fcrv^in Parliament, extracted ana signed by the said Alexander Belfches, as1 Sheriff Clerk of the said Siir^e; nor was there produced or shewn to him the said Mr, Alexander Lind, the original Minutes of the Election of Praefes and Clerk, signed by the fetd Sir Charles Gilmour, the Commissioner latt elected: And therefora’praying the House to take into their Xon-sideration the Premisses, concerning the pretended Elections, and false and undue Return, aforesaid; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thurjdpy the (Eighth Day of March next.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report lo the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thfc feme were read; and are as followeth 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Rounds be granted to his Majesty, to make good his MajestyEngagements with the Ring of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, riot exceeding Three hundred thousand Bounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, for the Support of the House of Aujria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-five thousand Four hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Nine hundred ancj Twenty-four Pounds Seven Shillings anc)

Seven Pence Haljfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for. defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of

Qfdnapce for (-and Seryice, not provided for by Pap-

The pirft P^folption of the Committee being read a §ecp, nd fijpe;

A/id a Mpfion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, nop exceeding Two hundred thousand rounds, Jb.e granted t;o his Majesty, to m^kf gqod his Nfajejft^'s Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pqriiuant to "i realty; ’

The Amendments following were fev.eraVy ptopoK'd to be made to the said Resolution; viz,

To

544

2° — 3" Febriiarii.

To leave out the Words to make good,*’ and to insert " towards enabling," instead thereof:

To leave out the Word Majesty’s," and to insert the Words Majesty to perform such," instead thereof: After the Word " with,’’ to insert the Words " other Powers as his Majesty judges necessary for i"

After the Word " the," to insert Support To leave out the Word " King;"

A. 1743,

An ACCOUNT Of the grot Produce of the additional Duties on strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits* granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, from the 26th March 1743* to the 25th December 1743.

£ di

urois Produce - - *. 91,658. 6. 3

cc

And also to leave out the Word? " Sardinia, pursuant N B. The net Produce of these Duties Cannot be given.

Tellers for the Yeas,

\l

} i*7-3 ‘*5-

Spirit Licence, 4c.

to Treatyand, instead thereof, to insert these Words, the House of Austria, and restoring the Balance of Power In Europt

And the Question being put, That the Words " to make good" stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Wilmington,

Dr. Lee:

.r , e ., vT (Mr . Hume

Tellers for the N«s,{Mr G, Gr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Anno 17° Georgii Iidi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. , Accomptant General of the Excite, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefeoted to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings yearly for a Licence to sell spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, received at the Excise Office, inj Money and Bills of Exchange, from the 26th March 1743, to the 31st 1743: And

also,

An Account of the gross Produce of the . additional Duties on strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

because ‘several of the Country Collectors Accounts current are not yet come to the Excise Office; from whence the Charges of Management must be deducted, before the net Produce can appear.

Cha. Pol

Ja. Vernon,

H. Town/kend,

J. Orlebar,

D. Papil/,

Excise Office, 3 February 1743.

Exd per Hen. Needier, Accomptant General.

J. Fow/c,

R. Eyre, Wm. Burton, Earle.

Aug.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the House.

the

11

ft

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

' He was called in; and, atthe Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Soapers Wade imported into England from Ireland, for Ten Years, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Duties paid thereon- ‘

A'nd then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was road.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Rutland, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Coroners of different Courities and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which they labour under in the Execution of their Office: And praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right'.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hunger/ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the P. ace, GeniIe-

Sraptfi

Afc

ik'

dll

C«

111

0&e«t

Coimo.

Clmil

from the^th Marchijtf, to the 25th December 1743. men> Landholders, and other' Pei fobs'living in, ‘near, and

travelling through, the Road leading from Cherrill, through Caine, to Bridge, in the County of ,whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: -Where the same was read; and is as follo-veth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen s.nne, for repairing the Road from , through Caine, to; and also an Act, passed in the

12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George,

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings yearly for a Licence to sell spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, received at the Excise Office, in Money and Bills of Exchange, from the 26th March 1743, to the 31st "January 1743;

Gross Produce received at the Excise /. s. d. Office 22.044. 8. 8}

N. B. The net Produce of this Duty cannot yet be given, for continuing the T erm and Powers granted by the afore-because the CountryCollectors Accounts current said Act; were read; by which it appeared, that fevera) will not be sent to the Excile Office till after Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable by the Lady-day next; from whence the Charges of first-mentioned Act for 20 Years, and, by the last-men-Management must be deducted, before the net tioned Act, they were further continued for 21 Years.

Produce can appear.

Excise Office, 3d February 1743.

Exd per Hen. Needier, Accomptant General.

Cha. Polhill, Ja. Vernon,

H. Townshend, J. Grlebar,

D. Papillon,

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. John J. Fozv/e, Bull: Who said. That the Trusteeswere obliged tobor*

R. Eyre, row a cofisiderable Sum of Money to repair the said Road;

Wm. Burton, £. 716. 2i. 9%d.of which Sum is now owing upon the

Aug, Earle. Credit of the Tolls, and which cannot be paid off during the subsistingTerm, if all the Monies collected at the Gates

were

1

17 Geo. II.

3" FebruariL

545

to

Shipflon Toll Gate Road.

at:

: M

Affidavits in the Coutts of the County of Lancaster.

were to be applied for that Purpose only; and that the said Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the

Road cannot be kept in the Repair it now is, without a County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also, further Continuance of the Act. The Ix>rds have agreed to the Amendments, made by

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the making more effectual the l'everal Acts of Parliament, Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scu-passed for repairing the Road from Cherriil, through Caine, damore his how Wife, and to enable him to marry again , to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also, Htmgerford, Sir Robert Long, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pop/tamand Mr. Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the for naturalizing John Rudolf of London, Merchant, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields called the North Field and South Field, in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mr. John Carre, of Cavers, Advocate, to fell Lands in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; and, with the Surplus Money (if any) to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uies as the Lands to be sold are settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

lame.

Mr. Townsend presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shipflon Foil Gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through AlJerminster and Shipflon upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to make the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of

Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Duke of

Beaufort's

Divorce.

Thunn’s

Nat.

Westonblrt

Inclosure*

Carre’s

Eitarc.

An ingrossed Bill ffom the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields called the Refohed, That the Bill be committed to^ Mr. Faza.- North Field and South Field, in the Parish oilVefionbirt% kerley, Lord Strange, Mr. ShuitleWorihSir John Gordon, in the County of Gloucester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mr. John Carre, of Gavers, Advocate, to fell

Westonblrt

Inclosure.

Sir

Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Oswald\ Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Jacob Bouverii, Sir John Barrington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wilkinson,. Mr. Fel-

Carre’#

Ellate.

lowes, Mr. Neale, Mr. Muffenden, Mr. Walker, General Lands in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts Oglethorpe, Admiral Vtrnon, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Car- charged thereon j and, with the Surplus Money (if any) penter, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Nitgent, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Gray, to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses

tbcCr rest r :ie: - llc.t. taey I-y 55: 0^-i ’

Tidltl-

Mr. Waller, Mr. Charles Gore Mr. Selivyn, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Ofbaldeflon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. win, Mr. Cooke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Robert Williams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and , and the County

as the Lands to be sold are settled j was Iread the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;. for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

of Cambridge-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the p]y grafted to his Majesty;

Ways and Mejias.

Shipton

Inclosure.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields in the Hamlet of Shipton, in the Parish of Witfloiv, in the County of Bticks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

:CC, G: Navy Debt. Ordered, That the State of the Debt of his Majesty’s

Navy, as it Hood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31 ft of her 174a, to the 31 ft of December 17 43, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service'.

S,»i-Ilfii.*-idle

15 ;t SP

He? r-C'efi^* efti* tuior, t etist’A

T)ll^ *'

v Kit?* alb)*5

pa#;_ itkeh*-artiK

filed

obii?:;-

rthetiS"

dZ'f

paid*’:

Manning the Fleet*

A Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

by Mr. Spicer and Mr<

Chatham

Road.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House s^mieson5 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt* Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Parr of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred afld Forty-four;

Ordered, That it be an In.struction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it Be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1)44, of the Income of the Duties on Malfj granted for the Year 174a, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of ths Supplies granted for the Year 1744.-

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been, annually charged for the Duty of Four Shillings head on Cyder and Perry, from the first laying it, on, upon the First Buyer of Cyder and Perry, be referred .-to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself the said Committee. n

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.'.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That! they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that ho

A Message from the Lords,

Edivards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for was directed by the Committee to move, that they may, enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed have Leave to fit again.

in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of to

Vol. 24.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday’M,c\cy-: ing next, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the wjbpja House, to confrder further of the said Bill.

6 Z And

546 $ — 16° Februarii. 1.745.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurue, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 17° Georgii IP* Regis, 1743.

Prate rs.

N Mi A ®I LL to prevent the Committing of Abuses in the e^ntterton IX. weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Market, Arc. Borough of New Malton, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Turner, Mr. Finch, General Wentworth, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Townsend, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Watson, Mr. Mr. Legge, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Sir John Rams-

den, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Owen, Colonel Borland, Colonel Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Pelham, Sir William Corbet, Lord Gage, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coke, Lord Hartington, Lord Galway, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir John Turner, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Fere, Mr. Edwin, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Revell, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Keene, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fox, Lord John Sacville, Lord Geo. ville. Sir John Barnard, Colonel Ingram, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Packer, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Grant, Mr. Walter, Lord Perceval, Mr. Pryje, Mr. Bennet, Sir John rington, Mr. Hooper, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cartwright, Doctor Butler, Mr. Knight; and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingston A Petition of the Inhabitants of Beverley, and the upon Hull Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Villages and Ham-iUad. Jets contiguous to the Road leading from Kingston upon Hull to the said Town of in the East Riding of

the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That whereas the Corporations of the said Towns of Kingston upon H#//and Beverley have severally applied to their respective Representatives in this present Parliament, for the obtaining an Act for repairing and amending the above-mentioned Road; and that whereas the said Road, in the Summer Seasons, is generally very good, and passable for all Chaises, Carts, and Carriages.whatsoever; and never, in Winter Seasons, dangerous orimpaflable for Travellers on Horseback, by reason of a very good Causey running along moll Part of the fame; and that, to render a Communication more advantageous, a navigable River, for Ships of considerable Burthen, runs betwixt the said Towns, at a small Distance from the said Road, which, by proper Sluices and Clows, of late Years made and erected, takes off the Waters defeendingfrom the Wolds, or Range of Hills, running through the said East Riding; and that the said Road is thereby made more dry, firm, and good, than ever before in the Memory of Man: And that also, along the said River, Two Wherry-boats pass, twice every Week, betwixt the said Towns, with Passengers, and all kinds of heavy Goods and Merchandize; and that, notwithstanding the Petitioners have been at a very great Expence in meliorating the Road as aforesaid, they Hill continue yearly to raise the fame, in the lowelt Places in the Carriage-road, with Stones and Gravel; and that the Petitioners, having Occasion several times weekly to frequent the Markets of the said Towns, must be at asur-tnei unnecessary and unreasonable Expence, should a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, pass into a Law, without any other visible Advantage than what the Petitioners already enjoy: And therefore refuelling, That any Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, or converting the same rinto a Tunpike, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, be read a Second time.

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom Cun tot the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Bound Stone, in the Great Western Road, is the Parish of Cantt, in the County of Dorset, through the Town of Shafton, otherwise Skaf-te/bury, to Bow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the same County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. Samuel Foot; who informed your Committee, That he is perfectly well acquainted with the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is the common Pod Road from London to the western Parts of the Kingdom; and is about Ten Miles long: That many Parts thereof are in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Materials, proper for repairing the fame, lying Two Miles distant from several Parts of the said Road, the Expence of the Carriage of such Materials makes it impracticable to amend the said Road by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Henry Glover confirmed the aforesaid Evidence:

And further said. That he had examined the Hates of the several Parishes, who by Law, are appointed to repair the said Roads; and finds, That they have paid the full Rate of Six Pence in the Pound for that Purpose, bc-fides performing their Statute-work.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Place called the Bound Stone, in the Parish of Cann, in the County of Dorftt, through the Town of Shaftesbury, to Bow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the said County: And that Mr.

Walter, Mr. Staidey, Mr. Prow/e, and Mr. George Fitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable John Cafwall, Gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christianand Surname ot Giles Whitehall; and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the Will of Giles Whitehall, deceased; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hum. Haworth, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Owen, Mr. Nicholas Williams, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Hanbury. Lord Carpenter, Mr. War dour, Mr. Grant,

Mr. Levinz, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Inchiquin, Lord Perceval, Lord Mr. Liddell,

Lord John Murray, Lord Doneraile. Sir John Crosse, Mr.

Charles Pelham, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sir

Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Winniugton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bennet, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fox, Mr. Williams, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Grey, Mr. Strickland,

Mr. Bankes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Hill, Mr. De/mt-, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Edwin, Mr.

Savill; and all the Members who serve for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Whichcote, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grant, Mr. John Fenwick, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Owen, Lord Vere Bertie, Mr. Doitgiafs, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cope, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

Ordered,

ie

i7 Geo. II. 6' — f Februarii.

547

Westminster

Bridge.

Chippel on the Heath Road.

Way* *s4 Mean*.

Ordered, That Mr. Kent, Mr. Laroche, Colonel Herbert, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Thrale. Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, for building a Bridge at Westminster, is referred.

Sir John Rnjhout reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was referred. That the Committee ha<J examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read; by which it appeared several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for 21 Years:

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. John George; who said. That he had travelled the said Road Thirty Years; and before the A ft passed for the repairing of it, it was in a very bad and ruinous Condition; and Carriages were obliged to go by Stozv, Two or Three Miles out of the Way: That the Road is now repaired; but, if the Turnpike is not continued, it would be as ruinous as ever, many heavy Carriages frequently passing thereon.

Mr. Thomas Cooke and Mr. Robert Bright severally confirmed the Evidence of Mr. John George.

It also appeared to your Committee, That there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Tolls, about £.800; which Sum cannot be paid off, and the Road kept in Repair/ without a further Continuance of the said Act; and the annual Income being only about £.120, and the annual Expence about £. 80, exclusiveof Materials and Workmen’s Wages, to repair the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester: And that Sir John RuJhout, Mr. Gybbon, the Lord Deerhttrft, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Nor borne Berkley, and Mr. Pytts, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated at Lady-Day 1743, befreferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated at Michaelmas 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1743, hath been dii-posed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 23d Day of January 1743, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into, and exported out of, England, from C/iriJl-mas 1707, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing the Medium of the Imports and Exports, for every Term of Seven Years, within that Time; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 24.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had received a Proposal from the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, relating to the Matter referred to the Committee; and had come to a Resolution thereupon; both which e Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising thf Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Baltimore have Leave to make k Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of ail Letters written to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, by the Captains of his Majesty’s Ships, which have been employed upon the Coast of Africa since the Commencement of the present War with Spain; so far as the same relate to the State and Condition of the several British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, belonging to the Royal African Company.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 70 die Februarii j

Anno 170 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743.

Pray eh^.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the Parish of Westonbirt, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Jetty ns, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Admiral Vernon, Lord Strange, Mr. Femvick, Mr. Pytts, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Turner, Mr Gore, Sir James Grant, Lord Granard, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Chester, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grove, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Major Selwyn, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Bre-reton. Lord Gtiernfey, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Coke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savill, Sir Wat kin Wms. Wynn, Mr. Wodehouse. Sir John St. Atibin, Sir Boteler Chernocke, Mr. Coniewall, Mr. Fox, Sir John Glynne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, 'and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mr. John Carre, of Cavers, Advocate, to fell Lands, in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; and, with the Surplus-money (ifany) to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Gordon, Lord Strange, Sir John Philipps, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Winford, Mr. White, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Alderman

African , Settlements.

Westonbirt}

Inclosure,

Carre'*

fcftate.

548 7* Februarii. A. 1743.

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Sir John R Mr. Brereton, Sir Roger Bampfylde, Mr. Carter, Dr. Bnt/er, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Mr, Mount ague,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wentworth, Lord Mr

and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Office of A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroner for the County of Coroner. Cambridge, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Co-

roners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which the said Coroners labour under in the Execution of their Office; and praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner, may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House Aiall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

GatteyCorner ' A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and R°*d. Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the ltoad leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hpttblon, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mel-lifii, Mr. ‘Thomas Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pelham, Mri

Lowndes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Vyner, Mr: Savill, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Mr, P turner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Young, Mr. Braffey, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Croivle, Mr. Hume, Mr. Strode, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Mr.

Pratt, Mr. Laroche, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. West, Sir Thomas Drttry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Oswald,

1 Mr. Liddell, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Selwyn, Six James

Grant, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Waller, Sir ' H Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fellcwes, Mr. Southwell, Lord Limerick, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Befl’, and all the Members who serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet ,this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shipton A Billfordividing and inclosing certain common Fields, Inclosure. in the Hamlet of Shipton, in the Parish of Winslow, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo.

Grenvill, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Grenville, Lord Mr. Waller, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Gage, Dr. Butler, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Pytts, Lord Perceval, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Mr. Martin,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Wright, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Manfel, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Crew, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. West, Sir James Grant, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Lord Chet-wynd, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lefley, Lord Barrington, Sir John Turner, Mr. Nugent, Lord Granard, Mr.' Alderman Heathcote, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Hertford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Middleton Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Tyas Lane whom the Petition of Justices of the Peace, Gentle- < Road. men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto lub-scribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. Walter Paterson; who laid,

That the Road from Middleipn Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greetabridge, and from thence to is in

a very ruinous and bad Condition, and dangerous to Travellers in Carriages, even in Summer; and that the Statute-work is not sufficient to repair the fame.

Mr. John Faucet confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Walter Paterson.

Mr. James Close, being examined, said. That the several Parishes, lying on the said Road, could not repair the fame, without feme further Provision by Parliament for that Purpose; Materials being to be fetched at a great Distance.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Comptroller, and Mr. John Torke, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Pelham and Mr. Vyner he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Bush Fair Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to a Place Called Stump Cross, in or near the furthermost Part

of the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County, is committed.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of Eng- African land do lay before this House, an Account of the Charges Settlenm paid by the said Company, for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, from the 31st of December 1729, to the 31st of December 1743, so far as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said Company; distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Dutinai Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Di- Su«mj. reftions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the gross und net Produce of the Duties of Four and a Half per Cent, payable upon Sugars in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, from Christmas 173L to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad- Aalto drels of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; toAddnS. and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Wap

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred *ni1 to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Proposal of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to t lie Eft Indies, with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Proposal and Reiblution of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled.

The united Company of Merchants of trad-

ing to the East Indies, humbly propose to lend the Government the Sum of One million of Pounds Sterling, for the Grant of an Annuity of Thirty Thousand Pounds well secured to this Company (the Principal being repayable on the same Terms with the Company’s preibnt Capital), with an Addition of Fourteen Years to their pre-

17 lent (

Denbigh

Election.

Imprefi

Serfice.

Sick Seamen*

Denbigh

UeOioo.

i7 Geo. II.

fentTerm; which will, with such Addition, extend to Lady *Day 1780 (besides the Three Years allowed them, after the Expiration of their present Term, for the bringing home and disposing of their Effects, &c.); and a Power being granted for this Company tb ifl'ueout Bonds, from time to time, for any Part, or the whole Amount, of the said One million Sterling.

Signed, by Order of the Court of Directors of the said Company, this 6th February 1743.

Chrifi. Mole, Secretary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Proposal of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for advancing the Sum of One million, upon such Terms and Conditions as are therein specified, be accepted.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Francis Fpne, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gybbon, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr Solicitor General, Mr. Scropey Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Goug/iy Mr. Hume, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Nathanael Newnham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. William Nock and Mr. Robert Dyer, Clerks of the Secretary of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, do immediately attend this House with the Book or Books belonging to the Stamp Office, wherein ihe ltu-pressions of the several Stamp Duties are entered, in order to the producing of the said Book or Books at the Hearing of the Matter of the Petitions of Arthur Trevor Esquire 5 and the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed $ severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh; the Matter of which Petitions ii appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House, this Day.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of pressing Seamen for his Majesty’s Navy, since the Commencement of the present War; distinguishing the Expence of each Year separately, under the several Heads to which the same is applicable.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen who have been put sick on shore, from his Majesty’s Ships, into the Hospitals of this Kingdom, from the First of January 1741, to the 31st of December 1743; distinguishing how many died, were returned on board the Ships again, run away, or were otherwise disposed of, after they had been so put on Shore.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire j and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Eie&ion and Return for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections* from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Failiament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Coiintel for the Petitioners werfe heard:

And they having dated the Right of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, to be in the Burgesses at large of the sevend Boroughs of Den-

Vol. 24.

549

high, Ruthyn, and Holt, which the Counsel for the Sitting Member dared to be in the Burgesses of the said several Boroughs resident in the said Boroughs respectivelyj Copies of several Returns of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, were produced* and read:

And a Copy of a Return, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, having been produced;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted that Return to be in the like Form.

Then Copies of several other Returns, in like Form, made in the Thirteenth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in the First Year of the Reign of King Janies the Second, and in the Year 1688, were also produced, and read:

And a Copy of a Return, in like Porm, rtlade in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, having been produced, and read 5

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove that several Electors, named in the said Return, were not resident in any of the said Boroughs.

Then a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, having also been produced, and read j

They examined a Witness, in order to prove that several Electors, named in that Return, were not resident in any of the said Boroughs.

Then Copies of several other Returns, in like Form, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the First, Filth, Seventh, and N inth Years of Queen Anne, were produced, and read:

And a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, having been produced, and read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove that several Electors, named in that Return, were not resident in any of the said Boroughs:

And a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, was also produced, and read:

And a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the Eighth Year of the same Reign, having also been produced, and read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined the last mentioned Witness, in order to prove that several Electors, named in that Return, were not resident in any of the said Boroughs:

And a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and also a Copy of a Return, in like Form, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty j having been produced, and read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove that several Electors, named id the last mentioned Return, did not reside in any of the said Boroughs.

Then they examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that, by Usage, Burgesses not resident have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Then, in order to prove that the Burgesses at large of the said Borough of Denbigh have a Right to elect the capital Burgesses of the said Borough;

A Copy of Letters Parent, granted to the said Town of Denbigh by Queen Elizabeth, in the Thirty-ninth Year of her Reign, was produced j And Part thereof was read;

And a Copy of the Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, given in Michaelmas Term, in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the First, in an Action brought upon a Return to a Mandamus, for the Adiuiflion of Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton Baronet, to the Office of a capital Burgess in the said Borough ot Denbigh, was also produced > 7A And

7 Februarii.

550 7° — 8° Februarii. \ 1743.

And Part of the Writ of Mandamus, and Part of the special Verdict therein contained, were read.

: And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence;

The Counfei for the Sitting Member were heard in An fiver.

‘‘And the Ttoehty-nirlth Se&idn of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Concerning the Laws to be used in Wales, was . readly

1 'And1 the Third and Fourth'Sections of an Act, made in thf Thirty-fifth Year of the same Reign, intituled, THe Bill for Knights and Burgesses in Wales, concerning the Payment, of their Fees and Wages, were also read.

*1 And the Counfei for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

' The Coflnlel oh both Sides weredirected to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

posed, That the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve

in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, is in the Burgesses at large of the Boroughs

ot Denbigh, Ruthyn, and Holt, respectively;

’ An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out the Words " at large," and

inferring the Word "Inhabitants" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " at

<‘',lar^e, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided. "

’ The Yeas went forth. ' 1

rp , r ' v CMr. Geo. Grenville, 7 Tellers for the Yeas,} Mr Qme j 174-

Tellers for the Noes,j Fex> 17 7-

’ So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Inhabitants" be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

],75.

>74-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question thus amended being put;

Resolved, That the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, is in the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Denbigh, Ruthyn, and Holt, respectively.

The Counfei on both Sides wrere again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counfei were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Healing of the Matter of tile said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Nock and Mr. Robert Dyer, Clerks of the Secretary of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next, with the Book or Books belonging to the Stamp Office, wherein the Impressions of the several Stamp Duties are entered.

: And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriif 8° die Februarii;

Anno r7° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1743.

Payers. "

HE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of;tlie4 Customs, attended at the Door; ? ,

He was called in; and, at the B^r, presented to the House* pursuant to their Order,; an. Account of the Quantity.of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. The said Account is as Followeth; viz.

v

»; >: . M

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Linens imported into 'England from foreign Parts, from Chrifihas 1740,

to Christmas 1742, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Denbigh

E left ion.

LII"ns

imported*

Borelaps 1 - ' . Cafnbricks -

C I

a.

'Drilling

Barras, or Heflens -Normandy -

r Poldavies / -

Spruce, or Packing s Vi try -

j (Napkening,* Silesia- "

| )----- Holland -

\ Tabling, Silesia

& {----- Holland -

j" Napkening,

<u

c-

a

Silesia Holland Tabling, Silesia

----- Holland -

; Russia, above Eli j----- under \ EiY

Dowlas

To Christmas 1742*

From Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1741.

n, S&9 Ells 65,777 \ Pieces Cwt. Eils. 4,342 3 24

9f35. 3 22

106

.. Q O 26

15,006 .2 10 1,35 Elk

87,439 i Yards 293 T 33,852 1

463

98,384 i

i»053.

36,11a

483

155,924 Ells 140,114 Yards

1 F3, E11s

8,470 Ells 75,014 Pieces Cwt. Ells. 4,737 2 28

9,073 3 8

Cwt. Ells.' 16,815 1 6

34,383 Yards

115 v ' ;/

24,161 £:

66 i.

96>°S1 f

433 i"

.28,148

>59 i 210,360 Ells 124,815 Yards

Duck

ft

"tb

1

r-

- c

ll

£ i

veni

17 Geo. II. 8° Fehuarii. 551

' 1 Duck Holland - . . / - Cwt. Ells. 55* 3 9 Cwt. Ells.. 645 2 l-M

Russia. - - . - >- 1,492 — 6 . 1,638 — 20.

East Country, broad - - - - ' . - - - - 3 18 —

narrow - - - ~ - - 1,086 3 21 , 976 2 14'

Germany, broad - - - - 7,661 3 15 ,: 4.439

— narrow ’ - - 150,059 2 125,370 2

Hinderlands, brown - . - - 241 — 22 > 284 I 7

Holland and Flanders " - - - - 880,842 Ells 7°9>737 Ells- v:

Muscovia, broad ▼ Cwt. Ells i 2 21 s- , nu *)

— narrow -Lawns, Silesia - - - m m - 5,124 I 12 14,222 4 Pieces Cwt. . , Ells 1 6,909/ 1 18,945 P/ecfti 1

Ozenbrigs 70,394 Ells . 245,418 Ells /

OT^rrish -S ' Portugal L3 f Turkey - 6,607,903 Yards 5*33+>913 Yards

- - - - , 4O EU&;

. 24 Ells 10 1 c (/) . 4,880 N0 -,

Sheets, old 4,580 N°

N. B. — The Accounts for the Year ending 1743, being not all returned, and entered in the Inspector General’s Books, is the Reason this Account ends at Ch 174a.

Oxen/ord, AH. I. General.

Custom House, London, February the 7th 1741.

Dei*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Slupfton A Bill for enlarging the 'Term and Powers granted by Road*tC an Fa^'^ in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Toll Gate, at

Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old 61>atjord, in the County of Warwick, through and

upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the fai.l County; and to make the same more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be committed to Mr. Tozvnfend, Lord literhurd, Mr. Mr. Hoc per, Mr Fane, Mr. Gybben. Sir James Grant, Sir John Crofje, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Or. Lee, Mr. Mr. Carew, Mr.

Pratt, Mr. Wa dour, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Lowndes’, Mr. Grenville,* Mr. Hay, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Finch, Mr. Aijlabie, Dr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Phtllipfon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Shirley, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Thomas Gore-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, Gloucester, and Oxon And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chappel on Sir John Rufhout presented to the House, according to

thRHe?th ®r<^er>a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted 01<‘ by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloiicifler: And the same was received; and read the First time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bedford Ordered, That Mr. Wm. Gower and Mr.

Drain. gaptiftLevtfon Gower be added to the Committee, to

miffiocers. whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Lenne Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, land Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, in the County ‘ of Cambridge; are referred.

Evefliam The Lord Deerhurst presented to the House, according Road*. Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers Vol. 24.

granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Maji fty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the B -rough of Evesham, in the county of ; and for making

the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time. . 1 1: '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to' -acquaint this Houk, that lie will give Directions_accordingly.

1 ’.: I i

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this H >ule, an Account of the Numbers of Men which have been discharged dead from on board any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, or that have been put sick on Shore fro n any of them, from the 31 ft of December 1741, to the 31st of December 1743; distinguishing how many have been discharged DD. or SS. from each Ship.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House on the 16 th Day id December last; that Roderick Richards, upon the 7th Day of February last, with about One hundred other Persons, and allb, upon the 18th Day of March last, with about Twenty other Persons, in a forcible Manner, entered the Estate of Esquire, a Member of this House, situate at Daren, in the Parish of Llanbadarnvawr, in the County of Cardi-

gan, and delivered Possession thereof to William Paul-, who immediately employed Men to-dig there for Lead Ore; in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hotlle to resolve its.-lf into a Committee.of the whole House, to confiuer further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Elfimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, ftiewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing-and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, minster, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1743, hath been disposed

An Twer to Address

Drnd and

Sick Seamen,

Privilege.

Supply.

55*

8° — 9° Febrmrii.

A. 1743

posed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 23d Day of January 1743, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Rated at Lady-day 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 17th, 1744, to November 9th* 1743, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 17th, 1742, to November9th, 17 43, both inclufivt, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September

29th, 1742, to September 29th, 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the* Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

u

y Bill; uties on Malt, ice.

African House, February 9, 1743.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges paid by the Royal African Company Of England, for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of from the 31st December 1719, to the 31st December 1743, so

far as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said Company; distinguishing each Year.

Sterling

Money.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The H >use resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England -, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, for the Service of the Year 1744.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 Februarii;

Anno 17® Georgii IP* Regis, 1743. Prayers.

African r I 'HE House being informed, that Mr. Sparke, Ac-Settlementa. A countant General to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Charges paid by the African Company of England, for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, from the 31st December 1729, to the 31st December 1743, f° tar as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said Company; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

Paid in the Year 1730 in the Year 1731 in the Year 1732 in the Year 1733 in the Year 1734 in the Year 1735 in the Year 1736 in the Year 1737 in the Year 1738 in the Year 1739 in the Year 1740 in the Year 1741 To be added £. 2,000 per Annum for the 12 Years above-mentioned, for Governors, Chief Agents, and Fic-tors, supplying the Places of military Officers, for whom there is charged, in the foregoing Part of this Account, no more than at the Rate of /.18 Sterling per being the Pay of a common Soldier only -

To be farther added for Freight and Insurance of Goods exported to Africa, for defraying the above-mentioned Charges: The whole of these paid by the said Company in England in the said 12 Years, is /.48,639 Sterling; and, if no more than one Moiety thereof be charged herein, the same will be - -

£- s. d.

- r 12,615 2 XI

- 12*894 15 —

- - 14,170 5 2

- - 13.628 >5 IO

- - 13.487 >3 —

- - 12,777 7 7

12,186 >3 5

- - 13,004 8 7

- - 13.5*97 >3 11

- 11,818 3 9

- - >3.387 12 7

- - »>.54S 4 1

24,000 — —

24,319 10

Total Amount of the said Charges paid for 12 Years from 31st December 1729, to 31 December 1741, being in Sterling Money -The Books and Accounts from Africa are come to the Company’s Hands no farther than to the 31st December 1741; and therefore the Charges paid by the said Company for maintaining their said Forts and Settlements, for the Years 1742 and 1743, cannot be exactly ascertained; but if the same be taken in an Average with the foregoing 12 Years, amounting to/. 203,433. 5*. 10 the Proportion for the said Two Years will be; viz.

For the Year 1742 - For the Year x 743 -

203,433 5 *0

16.952 15

16.952 15

9

237.33^ 16 8

For the Royal African Company of England, Edward Sparke, Accountant.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Admiral Vernon and Lord Baltimore be Lm added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto fubfonbed, on behalf of themselves, and the rell of the said licensed Pilots, is referred.

24 Ordered,

£and Tax Arrean.

House Duty Ancars.

Office of Coroner,

Westonbirt

ludufure.

Privilege.

17 Ge<T il. if Febrtlarii. 553

1

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Grant, enter upon, and take Pofiession of, the said undi- Joule, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were vided Land, and delivered such Pofiession to the said (landing out at Christmas last, with the Nances of the dam Paul, formerly Agent to one Mr. Moore, Lessee of respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears the Mines at , and now Agent to Slingsby Bet hell

remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceed- Esquire, for the working such Mines as should be won ings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. within the said Common or Wade at Daren aforesaid.

To prove the forcible Entry made upon the 7th of Fe-

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this bruary last, ‘Thomas was examined: Who laid. That House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon he formerly worked in Daren Mines for Mr. Moortl Houses were (landing out at Christmas last, with the That, some time in February or March last, Roderick Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the Richards, with about Forty others, went to a Place called said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and where dug the Turf, to giVe

what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment Poll’cffion of that Place on the behalf of his Father Charles thereof. Richards Esquire, and Mr. William Corbett, to Mr. Paul,

for the use of Mr. Moore-, and that in the Place so dug,

A Petition of Thomas Williams, One of his Majesty’s it is supposed there is a Vein of Ore.

Coioners for the County of Monmouth, in behalf of him- Being cross-examined, he said. That the Land To en-lelf, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and tered upon, is said to belong to Mr. Pryje: That it is not Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to a Common, nor knows he of any Common at left Dif-the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which tance than a Mile and a Half; and that it is about Forty the said Coroners labour under in the Execution of their or Fifty Yards below the Top of the Hill: That Sheep Office; and praying. That the Limits, Power, and Na- and Cattle are turned upon it; but that it never has been ture of the Office of Coroner, may be ascertained, with ploughed during the time the Witness has known it; such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet. which is Three or Four Years; and that no Persons vfn-, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ture to make ulc of it, but Air. and Mr. Griffith:

That there are no Inclosures in this Place, or in that Part Ordered, That Mr. Ord, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Clive, Mr. of the Country; but that Lands are divided by Meats. Kynaston, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Mr. West, David gave Evidence as to Richards'% Entry',

Mr. John Fenwick, Mr. John 0> d. Lord Harry Powlett, and Delivery’ of Pofiession of the Land before described, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Geo. Hamilton, be added to the Commit- to the same Effect with Pryfe; but as to the Time, he tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitu- said it was near Twelve Months ago; and added, that he led. An Act for dividing and indosing the common Fields, has known Daren Mountain Twenty Years, was employ-called the North Field and South Field, u\the Parish of en in the Mines there, and knows Peny-daren-vach,

Westonbirt, in the County of Glouester, is committed. through which the Vein of Daren Mine is supposed to

extend j and that there is no Waite or Common within Doctor Lee, according to Order, reported from the less Distance than a Mile and Half from this Place.

Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Being cross-examined, he laid, that he never heard that appeared to them, touching the Complaint ol a Breach this undivided Land was reputeid Part of the Common, of the Privilege of this House, committed agaithl Tho- or that it ever has been ploughed; but that at the Side mas Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House; and the of the Hill, not far froni thence, the Land lies in Ridges, Resolution of the Committee thereupon: And lie read as if it had been formerly ploughed'.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at William Paul, the Person mentioned in the Complaint, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as said, Thar, some time in February last, Charles Richards, followeth; viz. Father of Roderick Richards, lent for the Witness, to

The Committee of Privileges and Elections have exa- give him Pofiession of Peny-daren vach, in order to (catch mined the Matter of the Complaint made to the House for Mines, and directed his Son, the said Roderick (being upon the 16th Day of December last. That Roderick Ri- himself indiipoled) to go with the Witness for that Purchasds, upon the 7th Day ot February last, with about pose: That Roderick Richards (there being then about One hundred other Persons, and also, upon the tilth Day One hundred Persons present) dug up the Turf, and, giv-of March last, with about Twenty other Persons, in a ing the * Witness the Shovel, said, "On the bchalfofmy forcible Manner, entered the Estate of Thomas Pryfe " Father and I impower you to dig hod

Esquire, a Member of this House, situate at Daren, in " fearcls for Mines;’’ But the Witness laid, he did not the Parish of Lianbadarnvazvr, in the County of Cardi-then employ any Persons to dig; and being afterwards

gan, and delivered Pofiession thereof to William Paul-, apprehensive it might be attended with Tome ill Con(e-who immediately employed Men to dig there for Lead quence (Mr. Pryfe claiming the Ground as his Property), Ore; in Breach of the Privilege of this 1 louse. the Second time Charles Richards lent for the Witness, he

The Counsel for the Complainant, Mr. Pi ^acquainted, refusedtogo: That the Witness had an Indemnity in the Committee, that the said William Paul having ac- Writing from the said Mr. Charles Richards and Mr. Cor-knowledged his Offence, and made a proper Submission to belt, which Richards executed in the Presence of the Wit- Mr. Pryfe, he waved his Complaint as to the said Paul. ness; having drawn it up instead of a former Instrument, He alleged, that the forcible Entry complained of, was which Mr. Corbett had signed, but which Richards refused made upon a certain Plot of undivided Land, being Part to execute: He produced the Instrument, which bears of a Tenement called Penydaren-vach, the Estate of Mr. Date the 19th March 1742, and is signed with the Nirhes Pryfe. situate at Daren, in the Parish aforesaid; and that of Charles Richards and William Corbett-, but the Wit-the said Plot of Land is enjoyed in common by the Te- ness did not fee Mr. Corbett lign it: It recites, That, by nants of Mr. Pryfe and ot one Mr. Thomas Griffiths; and virtue of a Grant from his present Majesty, they the Left that Fart ot an old Roman Work is the Mear, or Boun- fees were impowered to dig and Icarch for Lead Mines in dary, to divide this Land from the said Mr. Griffith's any Part of the Walle or Common in his Majesty’s Lord-sole Property; and that Mr. Griffiths is possessed of a very ship or Manor of Cwmmzvd-y the County of

rich Mine at Daren-, and the Vein of that Mine is sup- Cardigan-, and that they having given the like Power to poled to extend through this undivided Land: That Mr. Paul, Agent for Slingsby Esquire, of London,

Charles Richards and William Corbett, Esquires, having Merchant, did thereby authorize'and impower the said lately obtained a Grant from the Crown, impowering William Paul to proceed, without Loss of time, in open-them to dig Mines in the Common or Wade of Daren, ing the Ground, whereof he had, on the t 8 th of the same in the I^ordffiip or Manor of Cumwoody Perveth, in the Month, been put into Pofiession, and to search for Lead said Parish, Roderick Richards, Son of the said Charles, Ore ip th said Common or Waste; and they did thereby did, by Direction of his Father, under Pretence of this protnife to indemnify him upon that Account.

Vol. 24. *"'** "7 B " Being

Privilege,

£54 90 Februarii. 1743.

Being crois-examined, he said. That the Turf was cut on the East Side of the HiM: That 'Thomas Griffiths and Griffith Evans have Freehold Lands lying to the West and to the North: That he has heard Mr. Pryfe has likewise an Estate there, valued at about Three Pounds per Annum; but on Which Side the Hill it lies, he cannot lay: That the Top of the Hill is called the Common,' and which it is impossible to plow or fow.

Being asked, If Roderick Richards gave him Power to take Possession of any other Land but Waste or Common > he said, He called it a Common; and that when his Father directed him to give Possession, no mention was made of entering upon Mr. Pryfe's Land: but the Direction was, to go into what was called the Common; and the Witness laid, he believed the said Richards went with no other View but to give Possession of the Common.

Being asked the Question, he said, Roderick Richards is, as he believes, about Eighteen or Nineteen Years of Age, not Twenty; and that the Witness does not imagine Richards would have given him Possession as he did, had he been aware that the Ground belonged to Mr. Pryfe.

Being further examined, he said, that the said Roderick Richards, when he went with the Witness, parted from him for a little time; saying, his Father directed him to call upon one of his Tenants to shew the Ground; and then returned, accompanied with others; and that many Persons accompanied them of their own accord.

And being asked the Question, he said, they reputed the Ground to be Common; but that the Witness did not understand it so, because Mr. Pryfe laid Claim to it; and, as he had been informed, Mr. Pryfe and Mr. Griffith claim a Right to turn Sheep upon it; and the Witness has also heard Griffith Evans say, that he had a Right to Part of Daran Hill.

To prove that the Ground, upon which the Entry was fnade, was Part of Mr. Pryfe'% Estate, his Counsel offered to examine the said Griffith Evans; which was objected to by the Counsel who appeared for the Defendant; alleging* that the Dispute being, whether Daran Hill was the Waste of the Lord of the Manor, or whether particular Persons had a Property therein, in Right of their Freeholds, for which they paid Quit Rents to the Lord ? and as the said Evans claimed a Property in Part of the Hill, in Right of his Freehold, he ought not to be allowed to give Evidence, tending to eft%blish another Person’s Claim of the same Nature.

On the contrary, it was inlisted by the Counsel for Mr. Pryfe, that the general Property of the Hill was not in Question, but only the Property of a particular Tenement, which was Part of it; in which Evans was noway9 interested.

And it being determined by the Committee, that Griffith Evans should be examined to this Point, he said, That the Tenement called Penydatren-vach is Part of Mr. Pryfe's Estate; to which appertains some small Matter of an undivided Land belonging to him and Mr, Griffith, exclusive of any other: That the Witness was shewn, by David Hadley, the Two Pits said to be dug by Mr. Roderick Richards and William Paul; one of which is upon the undivided Land, the other near upon the Mear which separates the Bounds of Mr. Griffith's n$J>d Mr. Pryfe's Estates.

:' Being cross-examined, he said, that Penydafren-varh lies near to the Top of the Hill, and is uninclosed: That Mr. pryfe's and Mr. Griffith's Tenants turn their Cattle upon this undivided Land; which Land, he said, he never knew to be ploughed: That, Four Years ago, lie was upon a Jury for dividing certain Lands th^re; who made a Presentment, in which there is a Saving of Right of Common upon the Mountain; But that the Witness never knew this Ground reputed to be Common; nor is there any Common within a Mile of the Place: And he said, that though he has a Right to a Freehold on the North Side of the Hill, he never turned his Cattle upon this Piece of Ground.

Thomas John Griffith gave Evidence by an Interpreter, and feid* That U& tfc 0^upi»4 she Tenement QtPeny-

dnrren-vach for Two and-twetUy Years, and pays R^nt for the same to Mr. Pryfe: That the said undivided Lark? belongs to Mr. Pryfe and Mr. Griffith: That One of the Fits, spoken of before, was made upon this Land, whereon no Persons have Right to turn Cattle, but the Tenants of Mr. Pryfe and Mr.-Griffith.

Tire Coulife 1 for the Defendant Roderick Richards alleged, that his-Client not having had Time to prepare lor his Defence, he had no Witnesses to examine, and had but a little while before received his lnftrudions.

He alleged; that the Evidence only affiled Roderick Richardtr, whose Youth (being but Seventeen Years of Age), he said; he might prefurtic to hope would be considered in Extenuation of his Offence:

That not the Ad itself, lie said, but the Intention of the Ad, constitutes the Crime; and that Richards'hxA no Intention to enter upon Mr. Pryfe's Estate, appeared from Paul's Evidence; nor did it appear, when* Possession? was taken, that %ny Person at that time contested or oj>-posed it.

He further alleged, that, except certain Freeholds* which pay Quit-rents to the King, as Lord of the Manor, the other Part of Daren Hill is Common or Waste, belonging to the Manor; and tint any Liberty which Mr. Pryfe may have to turn Cattle upon any Part thereof, cannot dispossess the Crown of its Right ro the Soil; but that even supposing the Land, where the Entry'was made, to be Mr. Pry ft's Estate, yet as it appeared that what Roderick Richards did, was done inadvertently, it was no Breach of Privilege.

The Committee came to the following Resolutibtf:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Roderick Richards Gentleman, did, in the Month of February last, in a forcible Manner, enter upon Part of a Tenement called Pendarrauvuck. in the Parish of Lanbadaru-vavor, in the County of Cardigan, iheninrho-v Possession of Thomas Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House, and deliver Possession thereof td William Paul; and is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, . upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Roderick Richards be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House being informed by the said Mr. Pryfe, that William Paul tiad made Submission, and given Satisfaction to him, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of the 16th Day of December last;

Ordered, That the Committee oftPrivileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Mattcf of the said Complaint which relates to the said William Paul.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Sugar House, an Account of what Sugars have been exported expan d from Great Britain for Seven Years, to Christmas last; distinguishing each Year, and each Place to which such Sugars were exported.

The other Order of the Day being.read, for the House DfnbiJiK; to proceed to the further Hearing of the Matter of the fckeTiou Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire; and also of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh-, 7

The Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having charged John Hosiery Town Cleric of the said Borough, with a, Disobedience of an Order of this House, he not havings produced, until last Night, to the Agents of the‘Petitioners, several Rolls of the Admission of BurgelLs of the said Borough, although the said Roils had been 5n his Custody Nine Days before that time, and he had been served, some time before the said Nine Days, with an Order of this House, requiring him to produce all Charter*, Re-

' -cercis.

Geo. 11.

.6

Februa/ii.

$5;

qords, public Books, and public Writings, belonging to the said Borough.

Several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove the said Charge; and also to prove that the said Rolls had been wilfully concealed.

And the raid Rolls being now produced to the FToufe by the Agent for the Petitioners, to whom the said 1 own Cleric did last Night deliver them y

And a Book of Record belonging to the Corporation _ _ w

of the said Borough being also produced by the said John nion Fields called Flechsoe, in the County of Warwick,

t'ance of Part of the Fore ft of Shoiover and Siowood, in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trust for August us Schutz, Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received*; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Corrf-

Fleckn^e

Inclulute.

Ik/ti

\er\

A Witness was examined, and an Entry in the said Book of the Admission of a Burgess on the 29th o(September 1729, and several Entries in one of the said Rolls, were reatf, in order to prove that the Entry of that Ad-tniflion was unduly made.

And the Countcl for the Sitting Member having been heard as to the said Charge;

The Couufel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of

Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, Thjit the said John Hosier be called in.

He was called in accordingly.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, that the Journal of the House of the 12th D. y of March 1725, in relation to the Proceedings of the House against the Mayor of Che ping Wi-combey in the County of Bucksy for Disobedience to an ..Order of this House; and also, that the Journal of the House of the Seventeenth Day of the same Month, in , relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Hearing of the Matter touching the ’Election for the said Borough, might also be read:

And the same were read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Hosier be now again called in, in order to his being now heard as to the said Charge against him y The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

into just Allotments and Proportions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a’ Second time.

Tellers for the Noes,^'

181.

fSir Henry Liddell, )

Mr. Lewis. J I93*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Counsel be now again called in, and directed to proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

And they were called in, and directed accordingly.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded as to the Merits of the said Election.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the iiid Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i o° die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1743.

PRAVr.lt s.

Dr. Lee presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-dreis to his Majesty,

Extract of a Letter from Captain Strange, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Chatham, to Mr. Corbett, dated the 20th of September 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Windham, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Woolwich, to Mr. Corbett, dated the 13th of August 1742:

Extract of a Letter from Captain Cregory, who commanded his Majesty’s Ship the Norwich, on the Coast of Africa, in the Year 1742, to Mr. Corbett, dated the lith of June 1743; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Thomas Buchannan, Governor of Tantumquerry Fort, to Captain Gregory: And, Copy of a Letter from Mr. isaac Gregory, Governor of Whydah, to Captain Gregory, dated the 30th of September 1743:

Extract of a Letter from Captain Frogmere, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Ruby, to Mr. Corbett, dated the 22d of August 1743; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. George Birchall to Captain Frogmere, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship Ruby, dated 28th of November 1742:

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. ’

And the said Schedule was read. v

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England is referred.

African

Company.

Airr, &c. Navigation liability to Parochial Rates.

Ditto.

S*but*N Grant of

/^RDER E D, That the Committee, to whom the Pe- tit ion of the Constable, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Wakefield, in the West; Riding of the County of York, was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin , Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brooks-bank, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Ord, Mr. Which cotey Mr. Robert Fenwick, Mr. Vyner, be added to the said Committee.

ir George Oxenden presented to the House, according £0 Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheri-

h<*ov«rc

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges paid by the Royal African Company of England, for maintaining their Fort^ and Settlements upon the Coast.of Africa, from the 31st of December 1729, to the 31st of December,

1743, so far as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said Company; distinguishing each Year (which Account was Yesterday presented to the House) , be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Lord Archibald Hamilton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Laware-Phillipson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Reve/l, Mr. lating to Thcmpfon, Mr. Hay, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said licensed Pilots, is referred.

Mr. Alderman Lambert presented to the House, accord- Preventing ing to Ord<tr, a Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Frauds by Servants, and others, from felling, pawning, and making {*rcwers away with. Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Veil'd*, in- erva,u trusted with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof: And the same was receivedy and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties orf continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and tuc.

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain to called

Supply.

i 6° Fetriia

A. 1745'.-

called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1744; was Committed;, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they hail directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place y and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second fime, onc^ by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Fane also, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations, which they had directed him to tepoit 10 the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeih; viz.

Resolved, 1. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the Marriage Portion of the Princess of Denmark, One of his Majesty *$ Daughters.

'Resolved, 2. That it i^. the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-two thousand Fight hundred Thirty- four Pounds Ten Shilling, and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four.

Resolved^ 3. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thai a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the lloyal Hospital at Greenwich, lor the ’better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country. 1

.. . Resolved, 4. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Eight hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Resolved.) 5. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred Ninety-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two.

Resolved) 6. That it ft the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same for One Year’s Interest ..ilpe on or before the Fifth Day of "November O'nfe thousand Seven jiundred and Forty-three, on the principal Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, Iqnt on Credit of the Salt Duty towards the Supply of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one.

Resolved) 7. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two hundred Ninety-live Pounds Nine Shillings and One Peny, be granted to 1.is Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the De-iicLncy of the Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three; at which time the said Duty was determined, and the Sum of Four hundred Eighty-one thousand Four hundred Pounds charged thereon was transferred to the Duties on Licences to sell spirituous Liquors, or strong Waters, by Retail.

Resolved, 8. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Eight Hundred Seventy Pounds Seven Shillings, be granted to . his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund theltkeSum

4 y , I,

paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of the' Duty-of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wine^ made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas One thousand Seven hundred and' Forty-three.

Resolved,. 9. That it is, the Opinion of this Committee,* That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nineteen thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Four Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Gjants for the Service of the Year Ope thotifarid Seven hundred and Forty-three.

Resolved, 10. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster.

Resolved, 1i. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, nof exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for bail ling a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the Court-ty of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Resolved\ 12. That it is the Opinion of this Commiltee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Repair of the Parish Church of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster.

The First and Second Refutation of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question fevera.iy put thereupon, agreed to, by the HOuie.

The Third Refutation of me Committee being reads. Second time;

Rejj.ved) Nemine contradicente, That the 1 To life d) agree v/m. > tai-r- im.v in the said i a

Sum nor cXL.wding Ten thousand Pou:.d>, be giamvdAo I jesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Koy.ii Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Repair of the Parish Church of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

«rs for.heY^®^"f. }

Tellers.for the Noes|JJ'; j .35.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 13

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; J

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Denbigh,4:* Matter of the Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire \ and also Hleaion. of the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were further heard as to the Merits of the said Election:

And they having proposed to disqualify several Rurgefifo who voted for the Sitting Member at the laftElection of.

a Burgess-

JLutoti

R,oads.

7 Geo. IT. 10° — 13'

a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as Burgesses unduly made.

And the original Poll taken at the said Election having -been produced;

A Clause of the Charter granted to the said Borough of Denbigh in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (a Copy whereof was Yesterday produced to the House), was read; and a Witness was examined, in order to prove that the said Burgesses were admitted by an ^competent Authority:

And John Hojier, Town Clerk of the said Borough, having produced a Roll, purporting to be a List of capital Burgesses of the said Borough, together with several Rolls of the Admission of Burgesses of the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioners, in order to falsify the said Rolls, examined him as to the Time and Manner of the Admission of the said Burgesses, and as to the Time and Manner of entering their Admission, and as to the Custody of the said Rolls,

He was also examined as to the Place, Time, and Manner, of his finding, and delivering to an Agent of the Petitioners, the several Rolls Yesterday produced to the House:

And, in order also to falsify the said Rolls this Day produced to the House, several Entries in the Book of* Record of the Corporation of the said Borough, Yesterday produced to the House, and several Entries in the said Rolls, this Day produced to the House, were read, and compared:

And another Witpefs was examined, in order to falsify the said Rolls.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 130 die Februarit;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1743, Prayers.

SI R John Chester reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westibood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; was referred, That ^he Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty, was laid before the Committee, and Part thereof read; whereby it is Enacted, " That no Person shall be capable of " acting as a Trustee for executing the Powers contained " in the former and the last mentioned Act, unless such " Person be possessed of a beneficial Lease or Term, ori-c< ginally created for 99 Years, taxed at £.50 per An-€t num, or more, above the reserved Rent upon such " Lease; or is seised or possessed, for his Life, or some greater Estate, to his own Use, of Lands, Tenements,

" or Hereditaments, which were taxed at £. 50 per Annum, or more, in the Counties of Bedford and Hert-Vol. 24.

Februani. 557

"ford, towards railing the Land Tax for the Year 1742, " ot which shall be so taxed as aforesaid, for any Year or " Years in which such Person shall, as aforesaid, aft as a <c Trustee for putting the said former and the last mentioned Act in Execution, except the Mayor and Three " senior Aldermen of the Town of Bedford, for the Time " being, and the Mayor and Three senior Aldermen of " the Town of St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford, for the time being."

Then Mr. Thomas Cazvne was called: Who said, that the greatest Part? of the Trustees apprehend themselves incapable to act as the Law now Hands, unless they are possessed of such beneficial Lease, or seised or possessed of an Estate taxed at £.50 a Year in both the said Counties of Bedford and Hertford; for which reason, they have refused to act, in order to execute the Powers by the last Act given.

That the Road directed to be repaired by the Act of the 13th Year of his late Majesty, lies only in the County of Bedford, and through Part of the Town of Bedford; but is enlarged by the Act of the 16th Year of his present Majesty, and leads through Part of the County of Hertford; as also through Part of the Liberty and Town of St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford:

But there is no Power given by either of the said Acts, for the Justices of the Peaceof the said County of Hertford, Town of Bedford, or Liberty and Town of St. Albans, to act within the respective County, Towns, or Liberty:

That, the said Mr. Cazvne said, the said Acts are likewise defective in several other Respects j that is to say, there being no Power given to the Justices of the Peace for Hertfordshire, and the Town of St. Albans, to oblige the Parishioners in the several Parishes, through which the Roads in Hertfordshire and the Town of St. Albans do lead, to do their Statute-work in Hertfordshire and the Town of St. Albans; nor are the Surveyors of the Parishes through which the Roads lie in Hertfordshire, and the Town of St. Albans and Bedford, compelled to give in Lists of the Personsobliged to do Statute-work; nor 'are the Surveyors impowered to dig Gravel, remove Annoyances, or make causeways or Bridges; nor are the Owners or Occupiers of Watercourses or Ditches compellable to cleanse the fame, in the said County of Hertford, and the said Towns of Bedford and St. Albans; nor are Persons going to, or returning from, Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Hertford, exempted from paying Toll:

That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Hertford are not impowered to appoint Persons to view the Roads which lie in Hertfordshire and the Town of St. Albans; and the Trustees appointed to put the Acts in Execution have no Power to cleft new ones in Hertford-shire, in the room of those who shall die, remove, or refuse to act; the said former Act confining the ! ruftees to elect new ones living in the County of Bedford only; nor are the said Trustees restrained from accepting Offices and Places of Profit relating to the said Toll, in the said County of Hertford, or Towns of St. Albans and Bedford:

That there is no Provision in the said last mentioned Act to restrain Persons from permitting Persons passing through private Grounds, in order to avoid the Payment of the Tolls in the County of Hertford.

The same Witness also informed The Committee, that the Tolls granted by the late Act are insufficient to answer the Expence of amending the Road, and other Purposes for which the same were granted; there being only one Toll paid between St. Albans and Bedford, which is Thirty Miles in Length.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defects, in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to 7 C Westwood

55^ 13 Februarit. 1743.

Sugar imported and exported:

IVefiwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and for making the said Actks more effectual: And that Sir John Chester, Mr. Compton, Sir Bolder Cher-nocke, Mr. Ongley, and Sir Roger Burgoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tiie House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what refined Sugar hath been exported from England for Seven Years, to Christmas 174a j distip-

guishing each Year* and each Place to which such Sugar was exported: And also,

An Account of what Raw Sugar hath been exported from England for Seven Years, to Christmas 1742; distin-guifliingeach Year, and each Place to which such Sugar was exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts aie as follo\yeth; viz.

AN

j

An ACCOUNT of what Refined Sugar hath been exported from England for Seven Year?, to Christmas 174*; distingu’.shing each Year, and each

to which such Sugar wjb exported.

Place

4j'r*cu -

Denmark and Noni'Of -

Etjl Country

Fuji India

Flanders -

Frame -

Germany -

Holland

Ireland -

Italy -

Muder as -

Newfoundland

Portugal -

Itufiiu -Spain -

Straits -Sweden -Turkey -Venice -Isles, Guernsey

----- "

Antigua -Barbadoes -Bermudas -

Carolina

Georgia -Hudson's Bay - -

Jamaica -Mount feral -Nr vis -Xou England New Providence -JVWv Vor/fc ... Pensylvania -Sf. Christopher’s Virginia and Maryland Jfrr/? //irfit-j in general -Spanish West Indies

Totals

From Christmas 1735, to Christmas *736. To Cl/r jlmas 1737- To (htiflmas *73». To Christmas *739- To Christmas 1740'. To Ckr'fimus 1741. To Chr ftmus 1742.

Cw. 91*5. /fr. Cw. qrs. lb. (qrs. lb Cu*. qrs. lb. Cw, qrs. lb. Cw. q>S lb. lie. qrs. lb.

73 ? 20 60 1 -2 86 3 20 72 3 2 45 3 1 1 53 — 27 35 3 14

64 2 20 l — — 20 2 21 33 3 *7 65 3 21.: IL4 1 20 49 — 19

130 — 24 39 3 9 49 3 18 973 3 18 13 3 0 19 2 12 93 — 17

2 3 15 4 2

2,505 7 97 — 9 385 — 11 962 3 24 118 2 3 810 2 21 M09 3 *2

17 3 — —

4-J2 a 10 77 2 1 196 — 17 1.17 3 18 103 1 12 19 — — 157 1 r-2*

5»>7<* — 5 616 1 27 42 — — :7,o8S 3 20 2,516 2 2.5 4,94 3 2 6 1,793 1 1.3

20 5,813 2 15 2,590 1 8 3^43 2 H 4.72<i 2 6 3.641 3 14 2,100 — 9

13 3 — - - 10 2 15 4 1 24 »93 — 11 - - 212 18*

a 2 — 24 — 2 12 — — 23 I 7 - - 6 3 5 I 7 2 —

>°7 3 27 23 — — 18 3 12 50 3 4 50 3 — 18 2 24 45 2 1.5

33 l 3 5 — 26 50 — 27 18 — — 15 — — 61 1 5 28 5

58 1 >3 - - 9 — 6 — 8 21 2 22 32 3 3 42 — 20*

614 1 21 471 2 21 216 3 7 174 — 2 118 2 23 103 — 6 139 r 11

H 35i 2 19 98 3 24 1S1 1 16 1 JO 1 4 431 " 16 318 — 25

27 3 20 1(3 — — 16 3 18 - - - 7 2 7 26 - iy

10 — — - - 8 — 13 - ~ —

586 — *5 394 — *7 648 3 20 836 — — 559 3 11 773 — — 473 3 26

O15 — 7 197 2 18 75i 2 20 690 3 6 392 — — i,43o — — 462 1 8

260 2 3 166 3 27 435 3 19 425 — 7 275 — 9 497 "" *4 233 3 27

»93 2 19 176 1 2(3 75 1 H 199 1 25 3, Q 3 19 286 2 5 197 3 17

6 3 13 - - . ——

1,280 — 2 556: S 1,120 1 10 1,741 1 21 2,450 3 — 2,606 — 1 1*936 ~ 6

10 1 13 93 3 2 38 2 18 4i — 9 71 3 — 9 3 21 27 3 26

4 — — 6 — — 9 3 8

840 1 15 495 1 3 506 2 1 870 3 25 405 3 10 1,200 1 27 1 ,otvo 2 L

125 2 1 94 3 8 52 2 21 20 — 7 87 1 5 46 1 — 83 — 2

13 — — - - 49 — 3 11 1 *4 53 1 21 5 — — —

21 2 3 6 2 — 27 1 6 77 2 24 3o 1 — 2 — — 4 3 2 2

- - . - - S - 15 ——

5 — — 4 — — 13 2 12 41 3 9 12 1 4 86 2 13 10 — —

64 2 25 73 2 12 15 2 3 90 3 6 155 n 84 t 17 47 3 23

281 2 5 142 — 9 >87 1 8 106 2 22 233 — 2 106 3 18 153 — 27

894 — 13 M59 2 2 1,104 — 17 1.044 3 23 1,4*3 2 8 M39 1 16 1,344 — 20

334 22 155 1 23 251 2 3 3ii — 20 367 3 2 8s i 3 — 491 1 7

7 > " . 4 1 H ——

19,70(3 2 24 11.331 3 6 0,197 1 23 15,881 2 10 15,046 1 9 >£M4 9 3 15 12,599 3 24

o

o

3

I.

X B.-- The In speftor General receives no Accounts from Scotland, which is the llcafon this Account is for England oi|ly; and the Accounts for the Year ending at Christmas 1743, being not alT returned, and' entered in the-Jnspector General’s Books, is the Keaton this Account ends at Christmas 1742.

Oxenford, A. I, General. CTI*

Custora House, London,

11th February 1743-

D

eg'.

r-j-

n'

CD

Q_

-cr

o

o

o

FT

An ACCOUNT of what Raw Sugar hath been exported from England for Seven Years, to Christmas 1742* distinguishing each Year, and each Place

such Sugar was exported.

to which

o

cd

3'

d.

V.

cq

Africa -East Country -

East India -

Flanders -

France -

Germany -

Holland -

Ireland -

Maderas -

Newfoundland Portugal -

Straits'- -

Szveden -

I ties Guernsey

Antigua -

Barbadoes -

Carolina -

Georgia -

3 y Hudsons Bay Jamaica -

Penfyhattia -

Virginia and Maryland ^West Indies in general Spanish West Indies -

Totals

From Christmas 1735, to Christmas 173*5.

Gy. $rj.

To Christmas 1737-

66 2 27

4,179 1 25

26 — 11

J»S45 3 1

121 ~ J

770 2 16

JO,649 x 7

in 3 25

207 I I4

C2 ----- 8.

524 2 —

169 3 6

91 — 18

11 — 7

9 3 12

29 1 26

2214

Ciy. 9. /£.

72 — 13

5°9 3 9

22 3 20

398 1 —

704 1 13

39 1

37,970 — 15

13 —

71

21

875 2 9

60 3 —

12 I -

30 I

58,569 3 26 |4o,779 3 17

To Christmas 1738.

<&y. 91*5.

IO

48 -

4.387 1 is

73 — 26

447 1 8

323 3 14

42,977 2 2

33 — — 62 3 22

929 2

6 —

113

14

- 21

1 20

1 — 6

22 2 14

722 3 2 —

49>437 1

To Christmas 1739-

128 2 3.336 —

42 2

549 3

2.568 3

120 3 S4.4i6 3

25

43 — 1.439 3

147 2

II

63,149 — 3

To Christmas 1740.

To Christmas l74l-

To Christmas 1742.

lb. Civ. (jrs. lb. Gy. 9 rs. lb. Gy. 9 rs. lb.

26 48 2 16 40 1 24 109 — 11

n J 5.473 2 18 3>353 3 ^4 1,087 1 3

26 2 — 7° — *7 56 .3 —

14 146 — ^4 1,680 — — 362. 3 25

1,647 — 11 ——

l9 404 2 10 1,889 — —

3 1,117 I 10 2,756 3 *5 CO 13

22 55>l68 3 4 56,869 3 20 47>3°4 3 5

5 _ — - . - 2 — —

— - - *7 2 4 —

— 323 — — 5° — — 13 3 21

l3 2,561 2 18 i.592 3 18 34 — —

8 20 — 12 114 n 0 6 —

9 20

I — — —

.. - -

7 6 — 6 2 — 16 1 3 M

— — 18 ——

- - - - 2 3 7

— 42 2 24 8 3 27 2 j

- — <3 2 — *4 —

- - - - " 1

3 67,144 2 l6 168,450 — 3 50,231 — 10

N. B, — The Inspector General receives no Accounts from Scotland* which is the Reason this Account is for England only; and the Accounts for the \ear ending at Christmas 1743,

0 being not all returned, and entered in the Inspector General’s Books, is the Reason this Account ends at Christmas 1742.

§* _ Ex. John Oxeuford} AIT. I. General.

_ . Custom House, London» .

i xth February 1743.

Cn

os

O

o

k

-1

Februarit.

Cherrill

Road.

Chappel on the heath Road;

Eveibara

Roads.

17 Geo. II. 130 Februani. 561

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Sup* ply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual the several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Road from Cher-rill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts { And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rufhout, Sir James Grant, Mr. West, Mr. Crowle, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Briftozu, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Chester, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Captain Steuart, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Curzon, Lord Deethurfi\ Mr. Tuffnall, Mr. Wynne, Dr. Lee, Mr. Of-wald, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Dr. Butler, Sir John Gordon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Brereion, Mr. War her ton, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Granard\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afterneon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Deer-hnrft, Sir John Rufhout, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Martin, Mr. Herbert, Mr. West, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Humphry Howorth, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Middlesex, Mr. War burton, Mr. Hewn ham.

Lord Gage, Sir James Grant, Mr. Crowle, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Bris-tow, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Sir Jof. Pennington,

Mr. Curzon, Lord Granard, Sir Thomas Read, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Tuff nail, Sir Edward Dering,

Dr. Lee, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Dr. Butler, Lord Perceval, Sir John Chester, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Williams, Mr. Wynne,

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Oswald; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester,

Worcester, Hereford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Money issued count of what Money has been ordered by the Commis- *?r ^avy sioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Ma- erviccs‘ jesty’s Exchequer, and received by the Treasurers of the Navy, from the 31st 0{December 1742, to the 31st of 1 December 1743; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Mr. Gafhry, from the Commimoners of the Navy, Seamen presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- employed, count of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1742, to the 31st of December 1743, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 9th February 1743*

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1742, to the 31st of December 1743, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 3d of February 1743.

Soldiers and Marines,

oeamen. Part of Complement.

r " N ( "

Borne. Muttered. Borne. Mu tiered.

January - 1742 45>*32 39,963 5,060 4,939

February - -- -- - 44.474 38,883 5’2I3 4,776

March - 1743 43.38z 3®>°95 5> 431 5,027

April ----- — 44,068 37,98 5 5,538 5-‘5

May ----- 43.498 38,312 5> 45° 4-99°

June 43>978 38,857 1 5,493 5,50

July 44.293 39,329 5-645 5-9*

August - 44,603 39,267 5>8,5 5-3 76

September ----- 44»4i3 38,779 5* 745 5,272

October - -- -- - 44,876 38,968 5>596 5,*5°

November -- - - 44,622 39,1*4 5,669 5,216

December 44,773 39>342 5,621 5>* 76

532.U2 466,896 66,276 6l,278

Upon a Medium - 44,342 38,908 5>523 5,106

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acwortlu J. Clevland, Will. Corbett, J. Fowler,

Alexander Geddes, F. Gafhry, J. Compton.

ExaminedJ. R.

Vol. 24,

Ordered,

Privilege.

Cinne

R<nd.

Cranford Bridge, & «. Road.

Evcfliam

Roads.

562 13° Februarit. A. 1743*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to the Tiight Honourable the Earl of Barrimore, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the icth Day of December I aft;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and flections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Place called the Bound Stone, in the Parish of Canne, in the County of Dorfei, through the Town of Shaft cfbury, to Bow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Hugh Stnithfon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Par/Jiore, in the County of Worcester, and of Wick near Parjhore, and several other Villages lying near the said Town, and other Persons travelling on the Road between the Town of Parjhore and Borough of Evesham, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament was made in the Year 1728, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; by which, a Road leading from the said Borough to the First Chain of Wick causey, next the Foot of Goodley Hilly next the Bridge at Parjhore, in the said County, being about Four hundred Yards short of the said Town, is directed to be repaired; and that, in pursuance of such Act, a Turnpike was erected at or near the Foot of the said Goodley HUT, and that the Road leading from the said Turnpike to a Place called the Mill 'Tail, at or near the lower End of the said Town of Parjhore, which lieth next the said Turnpike, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing and repassing to and from the said Town, is become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, very dangerous, and almost impassable; and cannot be repaired by the Statute-work now appointed by Law; and that the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Andrew, in the said Town of Parjhore, in which the said Road doth in Part lie (who are but Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town), have not only done their full Statute-work on the said Road, but have also this Year expended near Thirty Pounds, towards repairing the fame; but, by reason of the heavy Taxes, and the great Burthen they lie under in maintaining a very numerous Poor, are not able wholly to repair the said Road, without the Aid of Parliament -, and that the said Road, when effectually repaired, will be so raised as to lave the Expence, and prevent the great Danger, of ferrying over in Flood-times; and representing to the House, That as the Turnpike is now erected near the Foot of the said Goodley Hill, a considerable Distance from the said Town, and their being Two Common Meadows belonging to the Township of Wick, which adjoin to, and lie on, each Side the Road between the said Turnpike and the said Town of Parjhore (which Meadows are common at lead One Half-part of the Year); through which, in open Tide-time, many Perron'S travelling to and from the many Towns and Vib

lages between Evesham and Parjhore, qin and do pals, and thereby evade the said Turnpike, without Payment of any Toll thereat, to the great Lessening of the said Toll; which cannot be remedied by the present Act; the removing the said Turnpike to or near the Place called the Mill Tail, at the lower End of the said Town of Par-Shore, would prevent the above and many other Inconveniencies the present Act now lieth under: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that in the Bill now brought into the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, such proper Clauses may be inserted for repairing and amending the said Road, from the said Turnpike at the Foot of the said Goodley Hill, to the said Mill Tail at the lower End of the said Town of Parjrfore (exclusive of the Bridge over the River Avon there), and for removing the said Turnpike to or near the Place aforesaid, as the House shall think most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Deerhurji, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Watson, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. West, Lord Barrimore, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Pitt, Lord Guernsey, Sir Roger New digate. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Douglass, Lord Barrington, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Hob/yn, Mr. Neal, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Popham, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Gray, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Mount agu, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Sel-wyn\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, Salop, and Ox on: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to pur in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways from Shoreditch to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and Two other Acts, one of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Second Year of his present Majesty, for continuing and making the first-mentioned Act more effectual, and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Marketplace in Enfield; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the 12th Year of Queen Anne was produced, and read; by which it appeared, several Tolls were granted for repairing the Road from Shoreditch to Enfield, which were to commence from the 24th of June 1713, and to continue for Thirteen Years; and all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road, were by the said Act still chargeable, and were directed to do their respect ive Statute-work in the fame, as they used to do, or ought to have done, except the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hackney, who were discharged therefrom, and, in lieu thereof, were to pay yearly One hundred Pounds; which Sum was vested in the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, and was to be assessed, by Agreement of the Parishioners of Hackney, within themselves, or, in default thereof, by the Churchwardens and petty Constables of the same Parish, or the major Parc of them; or, in default of their Agreement, by the Order of such Justice or Justices of the Peace as should dwell in the said Parish, or, if none be there dwelling, in the Parts next adjoining; and the said Sum, so to be assessed and paid, was to be collected by the Churchwardens and petty Constables, z or

Shoreditth

Roads.

i y Geo. II*

13* Februarii.

or some of them, and to be paid by them to the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls, for the Purposes aforesaid, from time to time, as the same should be collected; and the Churchwardens and petty Constables were impowered to levy any Portion of Money, so assessed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person refuting or neglecting to pay the same; rendering to the Party the Overplus raised upon such Sale; and any Churchwarden or petty Constable, or his Executors or Administrators, failing to make Payment thereof in manner directed by the Act, was to forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of Two or more Justices of the Peace residing in the said Parish, or any Two or more Justices residing in the Parts next adjoining.

By another Act , made in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and produced to the Committee, the before-mentioned Act was continued for the further Term of Eleven Years: and several additional Powers and Provisions were made and granted.

Both which Acts were further continued by an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the further Term of One-and-twenty Years; and several other Powers were granted; and there was like-wife Provision made therein for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton, to the Market-place in Enfield.

Then Mr. Samuel Sadler, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Hackney, and Clerk to the Justices of Peace within that Division, said, That he is present at the making of all Assessments in the said Parish: That, in the Year 1740, the Inhabitants of the said Parish agreed to raise £. 100 in lieu of their Statute-work for that Year; and that £.50, in Part thereof, was accordingly collected, and paid to the Treasurer of the Turnpike: That the Method fixed upon for making this Rate, was to charge every Inhabitant of that Parish to the Amount of One Fourth-part of what he paid to the Poor’s Rate; but as several Perl’ons, by such Proportion, were liable to pay a greater Sum than what their Proportion of the Statute-work would have amounted to, several refuted to pay this Rate; and, upon a Debate had thereupon at the Parish Meeting, it was the Opinion of those then present, that the Act gave no Power to distrain:

That, in the Year 1741, there was another Parish Meeting, in order to raise the £. 100 due for that Year; but it being doubtful whether any Person was liable to pay more than what his Proportion of Statute-work amounted to, or whether the Proportions of the Poor’s Rate was to be the Rule for the Collection, they came to no Resolution; and the Churchwardens did nothing thereupon:

That the Justices, upon the Application of the T ruftees, made an Order for the Payment of the £. 100 for the said Year 1741; but, as to the Arrear of /.50, it was not in their Power to do any thing in that Matter; and, upon Application to the Court of King’s Bench, the Court issued a Mandamus, requiring the said Justices to make a Rate for raising the said £. 100, and also the said £. 50 in Arrear; but the Justices made a Return, that they had no Power to raise the said £. 50;.and the Court allowed the Return to be sufficient:

That, for the Year 1742, a Rate was made upon the Inhabitants in proportion to One-third of what each Person was to pay in lieu of their Statute-work; and £. 100 was raised upon that Rate:

That, at a late Meeting of the said Parish, it was the Opinion of those present, that the bsft Method to raise the Arrears was by a Pound Rate:

That a Rate has been made for the Year 1743, which would have been collected, had there not been a Difficulty which of the Two Methods was to be followed, that of the Poor’s Rate, or in proportion to One-third of the Statute-work.

Alexander Spur liner and Joseph Bar severally said, They had been employed by the Trustees to collect the said Rates (the First Witness for the Year 1741 and 1742); and the Answer given on behalf of the Parish was, that

Vol, 24.

they did not refuse to pay, but could not ascertain the Method of collecting the m.

With regard to the Condition of the said Road, the said Spurling laid, that the said Road, notwithstanding the Expence bestowed thereupon, is in a ruinous Condition; which is, in a great measure, owing to the Scarcity of good Materials to be had fit for such Repairs.

William Evans spoke to the same Effect, with regard to the Condition of the Road; and said, that within Jess Compass then Four Miles, there had been laid upon it 3,630 Load of Gravel.

John Smart produced the Books of the Receipt and Disbursements of the Tolls collected on the said Roads; whereby it appeared, that, in 1742, there was a Debt of £. 2,080. 19 s. 3d. due; and that the Expence annually amounted to more than the Income of the Tolls.

And the said Spurling being again examined, laid. That, without an Increase of some of the Tolls, and a further Continuance of the Term, and some additional Powers, the said Road cannot be amended, or the Debt paid off.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stone’s End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chejkunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield: And that Sir Hugh Smithson,

Mr. Brooks bank. Sir Roger Nezv digate, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Admiral Majesty, That he will be grkeiously pleased to give Direc- Matthews’ tions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of Jc°r"fpon all Letters, so far as they relate to a Supply of Ships,

Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, written to, or received from, Admiral Matthews, by either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hills, One of the Commissioners for Sick and Wounded Seamen, and Exchange of Prisoners at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing the Number of Men, who have been put sick on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships, into the Hospitals of this Kingdom, from the 1 ft January 1741, to the 31st December 1743; distingui firing how many died, were returned on board the Ships again, run away, or were otherwise disposed of, after they had been so put on Shore.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the fair! Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House,’to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the-Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Sick and Dead Seamen

Recruiting the Land Forces

Ways and Mean

by GOO

Flecknoe

Inclosure.

London

Streets.

564

13° — 140

A. 1743,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

A BILL for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields called Flecknoe, in the County of Warwick, into just Allotments and Proportions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Edward Bering, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Prowse, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Popham, Mr. Harley, Lord Barrington, Mr. Williams, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rowney, Sir Thomas Diury, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Torke, Admiral Fernon, Mr. Strickland, Sir Wat kin Wms. Wynn, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Hume, Dr. Butler, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Powney, Lord Carpenter, Lord Granard, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Raymond, Mr. Leehmere. Lord Dupplin, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Aijlabie j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick Leicester, Bucks, Oxon, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Calvert reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, waslaid before the Committee, and Part thereof was read; whereby it appeared, that several Provisions were made for raising and collecting Money necessary for that Purpose.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. John Nottingham, Clerk to the Chamberlain of the City of London: Who laid before the Committee a State of the Lamp Fund at Christmas 1743 j whereby it appeared,

That the Average of the annual Payments for the Years 1737, 1738, £. s. d.

1739» '740, and 1741, is - - 9,796 a

The Average of the Receipts for the said Year, is

Mr. Robert Henjhaw being examined, said, That the Rates that are now made are not sufficient to answer the good Ends and Purposes intended; for only Houses from Ten to Forty Pounds per Annum, are chargeable towards the Payment thereof; which, by Experience, hath proved a heavy Burthen on the middling and inferior Inhabitants; whereby the Collectors frequently crave an Allowance for Deficiencies on their Collections.

Mr. Alderman Ladbroke being examined, said, That the Collectors in the Ward where he presides, have frequently come to him for Certificates to be signed for Deficiencies on the Rates in such Ward; the People not being able to pay: That he has signed such Certificates; which are allowed by the Chamberlain to the Collectors in their Accounts, as Cash paid.

Mr. Child being examined, said. That he lives in the Ward of Farringdon Without, and greater Deficiencies happen in that Ward, which is the largest Ward in the City: That there are great Numbers of Persons who pay low Rents; therefore greater Deficiencies happen: That the Collectors are charged with the whole Rate; but are obliged to pray for an Allowance for the Deficiencies occasioned by the Poverty of many Persons assessed: That there are so many poor Inhabitants in that Ward not able to pay the Rate, that, if they were not supported by others, the Ward must, in a great measure, remain unlighted.

Mr. Henjhaw further said, That the Time of Appealing, appointed by the said Act, is so short (only Twenty Days being allowed after the Rate is made), that, in many Instances, it hath, and in future may prove, an absolute Exclusion to Persons appealing, who may think themselves aggrieved by any such Rate or Assessment.

And he further said, That the Time of chusing the Collectors is on the 21st of December, who continue till that time Twelve Months, and the Rates are made from Christmas to Christmas; so that the Collectors are, by that Act, to account for the last Quarter, which is not due till Four Days after they are out of their Office; and that there are many other Inconveniencies in the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London: And that Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Iieathcote, and Mr. Alderman Lambert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Part of the Forest of Shotover and Stoivood, in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trust for Augustus Sclnitz Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Archer, Lord Dupplin, Lord Cornbury, Lord Perceval, Colonel Powlett, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. West, Mr. Rrudtnd, Brigadier Campbell, Co* lonel Herbert, Colonel Elliott, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cope, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Walter, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Towns-end, Sir Thomas Ready Mr. White, Lord Sun don, Mr. Revell, Mr. Finch, Sir John Crojfe, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. John Martin, Mr. Fane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Come-wall. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Charles Hamilton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Alderman Calvert, Mr. Raymond, Sir John Philips, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Proby, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Crowle, Mr. JDouglaJs; and all the Members who serve for the County of Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Schutz't Grant of Shotover,&c.

Annual Deficiency -

The Deficiency of the F und at Christmas 1743* being Seven Years, is

%>5%3 7 9i Sir Humphry Howorth reported from the Committee,

1 to whom the Bill to enable John Cajwall Gentleman, now

1,212 14 10\ called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christian and

----- Surname of Giles Whitehall; and also to enable his First

and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the 8,489 311} Surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the Will of Giles

Whitehall\

CafwaM’i

Name.

Affidavits in the Courts of the County of Lancaster.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Puniftiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Hopley’s

Name.

Temple-man's, *c. Nat.

Kingston upon Hull. Road.

17 Geo. II.

140 Februa

565

Whitehall* deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking and {wearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Lancaster* was ‘committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendrqfnts, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amqmdmebts were once read throughout; and then a Second time* one by one; and, upon the Question fevcrfdly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four; was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. -Secretary at War, Mr. Winniugton, Mr. Monson* and Mr. Boone* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Crojfe* Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. ftV/V'Mr. Whichcote* Mr.

Wilson* Mr. Philip Musgrave, Mr! Rib oh, Sir John Philipps* Mr. Hay* Mr. Shuttleworth* Sir Charles Mordaunt*

Sir Thomas Drury, Sir John Chdpman, Mr. Harr if on* Mr.

’Neale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mostyn*

Mr. Alderman Gybbon* Mr. Godolphin, Sir Nathanael Curzoii* Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Alderman Lambert,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Alderman Calvert,

Mr. Walpole* Mr. Walker, Mr. Gdfhry, Colonel Towns-end, Mr. Finch* Mr. Heath cote. Lord Carpenter* Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Douglass, Mr. PI umpire* Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Stewart, Mr. Townfendm, and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Fork, Nottingham* Lincoln* Northumberland* and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1 . 1 1

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Laws re-Counties of Surrey* Essex, Kent* and the Coast Counties, !ilin£ ro be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the p,j^y Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said licensed Pilots, is referred.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and Preventing others, from felling, pawning, and making-away-with, Frauds by Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with Brewers Ser-them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners vants* and Proprietors thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Lambert* Mr. Walpole, Mr. Brereton* Mr. Alderman Caivert, Mr. Hungerford* Sir John Crosse* Mr. Sydenham, Mr. P/umer* Mr. fylay. Sir Robert Long* Colonel Mostyn, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Gray* Lord Chetwynd'*

Mr. Mellish, Sir Nathanael Curzon* Mr. Clayton* Mr.

Gybbon* Sir John Philipps* Sir Thomas Drury* Nix. Neale*

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Southwell* Mr. Raymond* Mr. Strode* Mr.

Martin, Sir James Grant* Mr. Cooke* Mr. Banks, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Pratt* Sir John St. Aubin* Mr. Fellowes*

Lord Granard* Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord Strange* Mr.

Stewart* Mr. Kent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Essex* and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hope's to enable Randle Hoplty of Overton, in the County of Name. Chester* Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Dod* pursuant to the Will of William Dod Esquire, deceased, was read the First tjme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hear- Denbigh, Mr. Edwards: , ing of the Matter of the Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire; *c-

Mr. Speaker, and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose c ,on‘

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Names are thereunto subscribed* severally complaining enable Randle Hopley of Overton, in the County of of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of

Chester, Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and life the Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh*

Surname of Dod* pursuant ro the Will of William Dod The Counsel were calied in:

Esquire, deceased 2 To which the Lords desire the And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed

Concurrence of this House: And also, to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Member, as having been unduly admitted Burgesses of for naturalizing Andrew Templeman and John Darlon* of the Borough of Denbigh* upon the Seventh Day of April London* Merchants, with some Amendments: To which 1740;

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted. That House. the said Persons, so objected to, polled for the Sitting

And then the Messengers withdrew. Member; and that they are named in the Rolls as ad-

mitted upon the said 7th Day of April.

A Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the Witnesses, in order to prove, That some of the said Per-East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second fons, who polled for the said Sitting Member, and were time. so admitted Burgesses upon the Seventh Day of April

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crowle, 1740, were not inhabitants of the said Borctagh of Den-

Nix. Charles Pelham, Mr. Carter, Mr. Strickland* Sir high, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parlia-James Grant, Sir John Rarrfden* Mr Grant* Sir John men t for the said Borough:

Vol. 24. 7 E Apd

1

66

140 — r 50 Februarii.

A. 1743.

And they also examined a Witness, in order to prove, , That this House will, upon Seven-

That several other Persons, who polled for the Sitting night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Member as Burgesses of the Borough of Denbigh, were upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual manning

Manning

the Fleet.

not then Inhabitants of the said Borough:

And they also examined a Witness, in order to prove, That several other Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member, had never been admitted Burgesses of the said Borough.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Burgesses of the said Borough of Denbigh, who voted for the Sitting Member, as having received Alms:

And they having proposed to disqualify all the Burgesses of Ruthyn, who voted for the Sitting Member, as having been admitted Burgesses of the said Borough, contrary to the Form of the Charter of Incorporation,

of his Majesty’s Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 150 Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIa‘ Regis, 1743. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Monday lad had been presented to his

Answer to Address.

granted to the said Borough in the Twenty-third Year Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh; acquaint this House, that he will give Directions ac-

' And a Copy of the said Charter having been pro- cordingly. duced;

A Clause therein contained, relating to the Admission of Burgesses, was read:

And several Corporation Books, belonging to the said

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, being Filber- Company of men, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Fishenwn. Borough of Ruthyn, having been produced by an Alder- of themselves, and a great Number of other Fishermen,

man of the said Borough; together with all the Rolls and using the Craft of Fishing in the River of Thames, and public Writings, belonging to the said Borough, in his Places adjacent, was referred. That the Committee had Custody; examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-

And he having been examined concerning the same; rected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to-

Several Entries in the said Books were read, in order gether with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to prove in what manner the Burgesses of the said Bo- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and rough have been admitted: afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

And several Entries therein were also read, in order to the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. prove, That Part of the said Burgesses of Ruthyn, who To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the polled for the Sitting Member, were admitted Burgesses Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee an on the Tenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-eighth, Days of attested Copy of a Charter, made in the Third Year of April 1741: the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second,

And several Witnesses were examined , in order to dif- which was read; whereby it appeared, That the Company qualify other Part of the Burgesses of Ruthyn, who voted of Free Fishermen of the River of Thames were (upon for the Sitting Member; some as not having been resident the Resignation of a former Charter, made to them by within the Cud Borough at the said Election; one as not King Charles the First) incorporated by the Name of having been admitted a Burgess thereof; one as being the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of ah Alien; and others as having received Alms: the Art or Mystery of Fishermen of the River of Thames;

And Evidence was also produced, in order to disqualify with Powers to make Laws and Ordinances (with Penal* another Burgess of the said Borough, who voted for the ties), for the reforming and preventing Abuses and Incon-Sitting Member, as having been a Minor at the said veniencies in the Fishery; for the Preservation of the Election. Spawn and Fry of Fish; for the public Good and Govern-

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners, having proposed ment of the said Company; for the better Discovery of to add to the Poll of the said Petitioner, Arthur Trevor Goods imported or exported, the Customs not being paid; Esquire, several Persons, who tendered their Votes for and for other the good Purposes therein mentioned, him, and were rejected by the Returning Officers; Then the Agent for the said Petitioners laid before the

And a Copy of a Judgment, in an Action brought Committee an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth upon a Return to a Writ of Mandamus, issued in the Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for Fourteenth Year t>f the Reign of his present Majesty, the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery directed to the Aldermen and Bailiffs of the Borough of within the River of , and for regulating and go-

Denbigh, for admitting John Parry to be a Burgess of the verning the Company of Fishermen of the said River, said Borough', having been produced; which was in Part read; whereby it appeared, That One

Part of the said Writ, and the several Pleas in that Master, Six Wardens, and Thirty Assistants, were to Cause pleaded, and the I flue thereupon joined, and the be chosen yearly by the next Court of the Lord Mayor Verdict thereupon given, were read: and Aldermen of the City of London, to be held after the

And an Entry in one of the Rolls (which were, upon loth Day of June in every Year, out of Nominations to Thursday last, produced to the House by an Agent for the be made, for that Purpose, by the Court of Assistants of Petitioners, and had been delivered to him by John Ho- the said Company, for the Time being, for regulating and fier. Town Clerk of the said Borough), was read, in order reforming Abuses in the said Fishery; and for the due to prove, That one of the Persons who so tendered his ordering and Government of the said Company; with Vote for the said Petitioner, and was rejected by the Powers for their calling before them all common Fisher-Retuming Officers, was admitted a Burgess of the said men using to fish within the Limits of the said Fishery; Borough, according to the Right of Admission de- for registering such Persons, and their Apprentices, for

termined by the said Verdict:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And they were again called in; and again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

24

the Supply of Seamen for the public Service; and fot other Purposes therein mentioned.

Then the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Thomas Harrison; who, being examined, said, Tfiat he had searched the Books in the Office of the Town Clerk of the City of London, in which all Orders of the Court of Aldermen are entered; and found, that, from the Year 1711, to 1713 inclusive, regular Nomination and Elections had been made in pursuance of the said Act; but from that rime, to the Year 1725, there bad

not

1 17 Geo. II.

not been any such Election; andfthat in 1725, 1726,

' and 1727, Elections were likewise made; but from the

3 said last mentioned Year, to the present Time, no No-

mination of a Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, had been made by the Court of Assistants of the said Company, nor any Choice by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, as the said Act directed.

Mr. John Platt, being examined, laid. That the Body of Fishermen have not, since the Year 1727, been under any Government or Regulation; by reason whereof the Times and Seasons of Fishing are constantly broken into, and new Methods of unlawful Fishing are daily practised, whereby the Fry and Spawn of Fish are destroyed.

Roger Griffiths Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Platt.

And Mr. Platt further said, That he has seen several Bushels of young Fry landed, and the Scales taken off, and the Fry buried in the Ground; and that it is the common Practice to fell the Scales to Bead-makers By reason of such Abuses, the Price of many Sorts of Fish is greatly increased, and the Fishermen impoverished.

Ananias Hungerford, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the said Mr. Platt.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the using of unlawful Nets, and fishing at unfeafon-, able Times of the Year, are destructive to the Fry and

; Spawn of Fish.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Body of Fishermen, being under no Government i or Regulation, is the Occasion of New Methods of un-

j awful Fishing being devised and practised.

:i Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, v. that the House be moved for Leave to bring in a B II for

L- the re-establishing and continuing the Company of Fish-

v- ermen -, and for the better preventing the Destruction

r- of the Fry and Spawn of Fish; and for the mere speedy

and effectual apprehending and bringing Offenders to u Justice.

, The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee,

f.._. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Ques-

j.. tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

J._. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the re-establ ifhi ngand cont inuing the Company of Fishermen; P and for the better preventing the Destruction of the Fry

and Spawn of Fish; and for the more speedy and effectual 'f apprehending and bringing Offenders therein to Justice:

' And that the Lord , Sir Thomas Drury, Mr.

y*. IVtji, and Mr. Alderman , do prepare, and bring

' , in, the fame.

& to

’"J1"; Affidavits in An ingrossed Bill for taking and swearing Affidavits st lhe^ourt3 to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County <w \,eCTty0f Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

11 Inca er* Resolved,’Wat the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be y made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine

of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutt/eworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

0s*' lon^tihoroogh Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his W' present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing

& ' the Roads from the Town of , in the County

jji' of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of

Derby; and from the said Town of Derby, to the Town 5. of Braffington, in the said County of Derby; and from

if the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashbome,

in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloc-house, in the Parish of Harrington, in the said County; was referred, if That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Itffi Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it

fcf appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

gf Vol. 24. '

567

in his Place? and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foVlowethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Act of Parliament before mentioned was laid before the Committee; and Part thereof read; Whereby it appeared.

That several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing and amending the said Roads.

TWfen the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Heath and Mr. Francis Hiccombottom; who, being severally examined, ft.id. That, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Commissioners appointed to put the same in Execution, finding many Parts of those Roads (which are about Forty-one computed Miles) in a ruinous Condition, borrowed, of several Persons, the Sum of

£.$,ioo on the Credit of the Tolls, in order to put the said Roads into Repair.

Then they produced to the Committee an Account of the annual Income received at the several Toll-gates erected on the said Roads, and of the annual Out-goings; which was read: Whereby it appeared. That the annual Income of the Tolls amounts to .£.521. 14/. and the annual Expence of the several Gates and Interest amount to £. 450. 1o s.;so that there only remains the Sum of 71. 4J. to be applied towards the Repair of the said Roads.

And they severally said. That the Tolls collected, together with the Money so borrowed, had been duly laid out in repairing the said Roads, and paying Interest on the said Debt: That about Twenty Milts of the Roads have been repaired; but the several Tolls granted by that Act being fixed at low Rates, considering the Extent of the Roads, and the annual Produce but small: That the same will not be near sufficient to pay off the said Debt, with Interest, and the remaining Part of the Roads be repaired, and the whole kept in Repair, for the future, unless the Tolls be increased, and the fir id Act further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Braffington, in the said County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe-house, in the Parish of Hartington, in the

laid County: And that Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Robert Williams, and the Lord Marquis of Hartington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Brigadier Campbell, Mr. Cartwright, Aire, See. Sir John H. Cotton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mr. Navigation,

Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. £iabj, ity to Fenwick, Mr. Wm. Finch, Mr. John Finch, Mr. Henry ia Finch, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Muir,

Sir H. Dalrymple, Sir James Hamilton, Lord Geo. Graham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Constable, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Wakefield, in the Wed Riding of the County of York, is referred.

Sir John Gordon reported from the Committee, to whom Cam’o

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mr. John Carre of Cavers, Advocate, to fell Lands in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; and with the Surplus Money (if any) to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are settled j was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Patties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

150 Februarii,

568

15° Februarii.

A. 1743.

Harlow

Road.

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted ihejjeflae him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend* House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this re^aing ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead-

ing from Bujk Fair Common, in the Parish of Harlow,

in the County of EJex, to a Place called Stump Cro/s, in

or near the furthermost Part of the Parish of Great jChef-

terford, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thenaSecondtime, one by one;and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Middleton Sir Hugh Smithfott presented to the House, according Tyas Lane to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the

Road. End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to

Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ShipftonToll Gate Roads.

House, ligned by his Majesty; and lie presented the Italian" same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all t^e Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received undoubted Intelligence,

That the eldest Son of the Pretender to his Crown is arrived in France; and that Preparations are making the re to invade this Kingdom, in concert with disaffected Persons here; and that such Invasion is to be supported by the Squadron of French Men of War, which has been entiling several Days in the British Channel; his Majesty has judged it proper to acquaint the House of Commons with an Intelligence of such high Importance to his Crown, and to the Peace and Security of these Kingdoms; and his Majesty doubts not, from the experienced Zeal,

Duty, and Affection, of his faithful Commons, that they will strengthen his Hands, and concur in all such Measures as shall be necessary, for disappointing and defeating lb dangerous an Attempt; and for the Security of his Person and Government; and the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of these Kingdoms.

R.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Addrdkoa That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Meflaje. to return him the Thanks of this House for having been graciously pleased to communicate to this House, That he has received undoubted Intelligence of the Pretender’s eldest Son being arrived in France, and of the Preparations which are making the re to invade this Kingdom, in concert with dilaffefted Persons here; and to assure his Majesty, that this House looks with the utmost Indignation upon so insolentand desperatean Attempt; and will, with the warmest Zeal and Unanimity, take the most effectual Measures to enable his Majesty to disappoint and defeat the Deligns of his Enemies, both at home and abroad; and that this House will (land by his Majesty, with their Lives and Fortunes, in support of his Majesty’s Royal Person, Family, and Government; upon which intirely depend

Mr. Townsend reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads

leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge

Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of

Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon S/ower,

to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, and

to make the same more effectual, was committed. That c , v-

the Committee had examined the Allegation, of the Bill, the Reltgton, Uw,. and Ltbetues of thele Kingdom, t and found the same to be true, and that the Committee A" Amendment wasfroposed to be made to the Ques-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tion, by adding at the End thereof these Words; " and " to allure his Majesty, that this House will enter into a " serious Consideration of the Disposition and State of " the Naval Force of this Kingdom; as also the Times " of the Fitting out and Sailing of the French Fleet." And a Debate arose in the House thereupon.

Westonbirt

Incfosure.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields called the North Field and South Field, in the Parish of W

the County of Gloucester, was committed. That the

in

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will fitting for some time.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to continue fitting for some time, as the Lords do desire.

And then the Messengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had considered their Message; and did agree to continue fitting for some

continue The 1*4

desire the House Mean-tiaoe fitting.

cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis- ^e^re<!*

_ . - o _ _ _7 Ann th^n aarair

Taking the Poll at County. Elections.

faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Robert Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officer- at such Elections: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

The House proceeded in the Debate upon the Amendment proposed to be made to the Question, for an Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Addrefc 00 Kiop Mdbgt.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Reynolds The loti and Mr. Justice Detmifon: defiitthe

.. , J Concurrtw

Mr. Speaker, of Hwftl»

The Lords have agreed upon an Address to be pre- *nAdditfc fented to his Majesty: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Address sent from the Lords was read.

Then

569

ij Geo. II. 150 — 1

'Then the House proceeded further in the Debate upon the Amendment proposed to be made to the Question for the Address of this House to his Majesty:

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be added at the Hnd of the said Question, be there added;

The Mouse divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J } 123‘

Tellers for the Noes, [ 287.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Address, lent from the Lords, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

JMbfi:Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our humble Thanks for having been graciously pleased to acquaint us, that you have received undoubted Intelligence of the Pretender's el deft Son being arrived in , and of

the Preparations which are making the re to invade this Kingdom, in concert with difafle<51ed Persons here.

As this Mark of your Majesty’s just Confidence in us demands our most grateful Acknowledgments, lb we cannot but look upon such a Design with the utmost Indignation and Abhorrence.

Loyalty, Duty, and Afledtion, to your Majesty, Concern for ourselves and our Posterity, every Intceft, and every Motive, that can warm or engage the Hearts of Britons and Protestants, call upon us, on this important Occasion, to exert our utmost Endeavour?, that, by the Ble/Iing of God, your Enemies may be put to Confusion; and we do, with the greatest Sincerity and Firmnels, give your Majesty the strongest Assurances, that we will, with the warmest Zeal and Unanimitytake the most effectual

Measures to enable your Majesty to friistrate and defeat so desperate and infoJent an Attempt, and to secure and

preserve your Royal Person and Government, and the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of these Kingdoms.

And we beg Leave to declare to your Majesty, and to the whole World, that it is the fixed Resolution and Purpose of our Hearts, at the Hazard of our Lives and Fortunes, to support and defend your Majesty, and your undoubted Right and Title to the Crown of these Realms, and the Protestant Succession in your Royal House, in Opposition to, and Defiance of, the Pretender and his Adherents, and all other your Majesty’s Enemies.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente , That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty,

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons.’*

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Harrington do carry the said Address to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House. to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 24.

6° Februar

Jovis, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii IIJ‘ Regis, 1743.

Pravehs.

RDE R E D, That Mr. Danvers, Mr. Thomas Gore, African Sir John Chapman, Mr Southwell, Mr. Mr. Company.

Gildart, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir John

CroJJe, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Speke, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Mr. Bayntnn, Sir liugh Smithson, Mr. Bodvin, Mr Archer, Mr. BraJJey, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr.

Sir RegerBradshaigh, Lord Carpenter, Mr. , Mr.

Compton, Sir ’Thomas Drury, Mr. Cope, Mr.

Mr. Carter, Mr. Cop/eston, Mr. ShuttleworthMr. Mr. Hay, Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. White, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Elliott, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Yre/aivnay, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. Razvlinfon Earle, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England is referred.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Scotch Committee, to whom the Bill for railing and establish-ing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children 1 °W8’ c’ of the Ministers of the Church of and of the

Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the Universities of St. sfndrezvs, G/afgozv, and Edinburgh, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom New Maltoi* the Bill to prevent the, committing of Abuses in the Weigh- Butter ing and Packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of Market, &. c. New Mai ton ,in the County of York, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Carre's

enable Mr. John Carre of Cavers, Advocate, to fell Lands EHate*

in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; and, with the Surplus Money (if any) to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Gordon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the Galley Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers Corner Road* granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega-

7 F tions

57°

16° Februa

A.

1743'

tions of the Hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto } which they had directed him to report to the House,; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

East Mr, Fellowes presented to the House, according to

Common Order, a Bill for confirming an Agreement made to ex-Rigtts. change certain Rights of Common in the Parishes of East Langton, West Langton, Church and Thorpe

Langton, in the County of Leicester; and for setting an yearly Sum to be paid to the Rector of West Langton, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Office of A Petition of George Huifti, Coroner of the Borough Coroner. of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; complaining of Difficulties which the Petitioner labours under in the Execution of his Office; and expressing his Hope, that the House will be pleased to take the Premises into their fe-rious Consideration, and order him, in common with the other Coroners of this Kingdom, such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Godfrey Wentworth have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Meffiige from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ' enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stewart, pursuant to the Will of James Stewart deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ritter’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Nat- naturalize Lorentz Bast Ritter: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of Absence.

Clarke’s

Name.

Shipton Mr. Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom lndofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields,

in the Hamlet of Shipton, in the Parish of Winftow, in the enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stezvtort, pursuant to the Will of James Stewart deceased, was read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth in the County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of a Decay in the Exportation from hence of Woollen Cloths to Constantinople, Smyrna, Aleppo, and other Parts of Turkey, and of the Rivalling of us in that Trade, and Increase thereof, by the French and other Foreigners; which the Petitioners apprehend is owing to the Privilege granted to a Company of Merchants trading to Turkey, exclusive of all other his Majesty’s Subjects, and to the Methods by them used in carrying on such Trade: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for laying the Turkey Trade open for all his Majesty’s Subjects, in such a manner as the House shall think proper; and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners in the Premisses as to the House shall Teem meet.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants, and Traders in Serges and other Woollen Manufactures, fcsV. in and about the City of Exeter: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth, in the County of Oxford, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed,.in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of a great Decay in the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures to Turkey-, and repre-fenting to the House the Inconveniencies arising from a Company of Merchants trading to Turkey, exclusive of all others his Majesty’s Subjects, and the Advantages which will arise to this Kingdom, by laying the said Turkey Trade open; the Want whereof has given Occasion to the French, and other Foreigners, of interfering greatly with us in the said Trade: And praying the House to take the Premisses into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Clarlte’i

Nunc.

County of Bucks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Address oa The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported to the

MttLge House, That he had, according to Order, carried the

Levant

Trade.

And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Sir Robert Long, Sir James Dafhzvood, Sir Richard Warwith Bampfylde, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. Neale,

Colonel Bladen, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pytts, Mr Nugent, Mr. John Martin, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Winford, and Sir John Ramsden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Arthur Trevor Esquire; and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed j severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove, that several other Persons who

Address to the Lords, to which their Lordships desired voted for the Sitting Member, as Burgesses of Ruthyn, the Concurrence of this House; and had acquainted their had not been admitted Burgesses of the said Borough: Lordships, that this House had agreed to the same j and And they having proposed to prove, that the greater that he had left the Address with their Lordships, Part of the Number of Persons who tendered their Votes

23 for

Denbigk

Rledie®-

17 Geo. If. i6° — i

for the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire, and were rejected by the Returning Officers, were admitted Burgesses of the Borough of Denbigh, according to the Right of Admission determined by the Verdict given in the Action brought upon a Return to the Writ of Mandamus, issued in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, directed to the Aldermen and Bailiffs of the Borough of Denbigh, for admitting John Parry to be a Burgess of the said Borough; and that their Admissions are entered on the Rolls which were, upon last, pro-

duced to the House by an Agent of the Petitioners, and had been delivered to him by John , Town Clerk of the said Borough.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having admitted that their Names are so entered upon the said Rolls;

Several Entries in the said Rolls were read, in order to prove, that other Part of the said Number of Persons, who so tendered their Votes, and were rejected, were, in like manner, admitted Burgesses of the said Borough of Denbigh.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having made several Observations upon the said Rolls;

Several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove, that other Part of the said Number of Persons, who f<J offered their Votes for the said Petitioner, and were rejected, were, in faCfc, Burgesses of the said Borough:

And a Witness was [examined, in order to prove, by whom, and in what manner, the Aldermen and Bailiffs of the said Borough are elected:

And the said Witness was all'o examined, in Support of One of the Observations made upon the said Rolls by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed (if any Burgesses of the Borough of Ruthyn have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Den) to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Arthur Trevor, Esquire, several Persons who tendered their Votes for him, as Burgesses of the Borough of Ruthyn, and were rejected by the Returning Officers j

f Februarii. 571

Several Entries in a Corporation Book of the Borough Denbigh of Ruthyn, before produced, were read, in order to prove that Part of the said Persons were admitted Burgesses of the Borough of Ruthyn.

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that other Part of the said Persons were, in fact, Burgesses of the said Borough of Ruthyn:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove the Partiality of the Returning Officers.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through, and summed up, their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday' Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 1die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for NaTy.

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Debt. Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December 1743.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

Vol. 24.

Nafy

57*

170 Febfuarii.

the C

it flood on the 31st December 1743.

A. 1743.

Navy Office-, ? An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as 23d "January 1743.3

Heads of the Nava) Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, iic. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on naval Stores; the wholeSum registered in the Year 1743, amounted to jC. 22,110. 6s. 3 d.}whereof there remains unpaid For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, Tor which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1743; as also to several Bills of Exchange -To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, fsV. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off-To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1743 -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, i3c. - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for Short-Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1743 - For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

Particulars,

£ d.

3x7,127 9 4

11,017 13 11

102,978 16 10

400,964 — —

11,236 2 9

460,758 5

1,629,613 —

21,363 9 4

16,198 9

172,625 18 5

9,>93 >7 7

4,036 16 4

34,173 >3 5

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two millions Nine hundred and Nine thousand Nine hundred and Nine Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands -

And also the Money that remained to come as on the other Side.

in of the Supplies of the Year The Debt will then be Two million Five hundred Seventy-three thousand Five hundred and Nine Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence Three Farthings -

N. B. In'thisDebt is included, for Freight of Transports between 1 ft. January 1742, and 31st December 1743 And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ill; January 1742, and 31st December 1743, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.31,445. — 5. — no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year;

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Two million Five hundred and Forty-two thousand and Sixty-four Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence....

TOTAL.

£. s. i.

843,324 2 10

i, Sn,734 *4 4

236,228 14 9

18,621 14 3

2,909,909

6 2

230,774 8, 5|i,

) 33^*4°° 4

105,625 16 5I

2,573*509 1 2i

20,474 17 7

3*445

----- i

10,970 act

Rd. Haddock, Alexander,

J. Acwor F. Gajhry.

J. Clevla

H'ill. Corbett,

2,542,064 1 2

J. Fawler,

Mem'

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

O

o

V- \

S

P*

9

Memorandum: There wa* remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1743, in Money, as under-mentioned -T and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what TREASURER’* Hands.

O

Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire

Executors of Thomas Cluiterbuck Esquire

Executors of Sir Charles Wager -

William Corbett Esquire - -

Sir John Rushout Jkronet

In MONEY.

C In Money

W,

towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen

In Money

rin J

iD*>

towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

5 In Money -

towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

C In Money -

I D% towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

In Money

On the Heads of

r Wear and Tcjar, Ordinary and Transports. Seamen's Wages. Victuals. TOTAL*

£ * 7,251 8 d. 3s 9,092 578 s. d. 7 n 6 io| ’ £ s- 170 1 d. '-‘I, £- -17,092 4 </. 3i

3,698 — Si 15,848 991 13 iof 15 10* 527 12 -1 2t,o66 ’2

2,679 12 9 24,282: l» 394 12 7| *5 s9 *5 m -} 28,446 15 9I

7,804 17 m . 41 80,249 11,436 8 4} 5 4 4,755 *7 -1 104,246 8 3*

4,440 19 11 48,344 10 4 7»I37 7 z 59,922 17 S

25,874 18 9l 192,218 16 12,680 13 n 23°,774 8 Si

N. R. — There remained on the 31st December Iaft to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1743 - -

£ io5>^25- >6. 5i

a

w

Q

0+

17° — io* Februarii.

A. 1743.

574

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the to consider further of the Supply granted to his Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House. Majesty.

Tr.*i\Tport

Service.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1743.

Victualling Ordered, That the Commissioners for Victualling his

the Navy. Majesty’s Navy do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of that Office in victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces between the ift Day of January 17 42, and the 31 ft of December 1743.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further *nd M^"1-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

CherriU

Road.

Lunce, 20° die Februarii; Anno 17* Georgii lld‘ Regis, 1743, Prayers.

A Bill for making more effectual the several Acts of Parliament patted for repairing the Road ffom CherrUl,

through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-

ford, Colonel Elliott, Sir Robert Long, Sir Edmund Thomas, QRDERE That Sir 7°hn Sir Daniel - ^Thtraw

Mr. Popham, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir James ' ’ ' ’ ’ 1

Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay,

Mr OJbaldeston, Mr. Garth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brereton,

Lord Dupplin, Lord Perceval, Mr. Carter, Mr, Wilson,

Mr. Walter, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Cope, Mr. Kent, Mr.

bert, and Sir William Calvert, be added to the Gen- Company of tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Fl^he, nle, Bill for the re-establishing and continuing the Company of Fishermen; and for the better preventing the De-struction of the Fry and Spawn of Fish; and for the

Cran!

|r

Iu

Fere, Mr. Neale, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cornewall, -Sir John more speedy and effectual apprehending and bringing Philipps, Mr. Pryfe, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Chester, Mr. Offenders therein to Justice.

Mackworth, Sir John Citft, Mr. y Mr. Mr.

Shuttles.north; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, Somerset, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Poor Laws. Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Place Cum Rod. called the Bound Stone, in the Parish of Cam, in the County of Dorset, through the Town of to

Bow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborne, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter,

whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dunccmbe, Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Mr. made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Sir Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, Mr. Speke, Mr. Chester, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Al-

was committed. That the Committee had gone through derman Marshall, Mr. Lord Gage, Sir Geo.

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Mr. Mr. Houblon, Mr. Robert

Time appointed for receiving Address.

Rippon, &c. inclosure.

which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de -livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That i’uch a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

Way- and Meant.

Mr. Gvjynne, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Lord Granard, Sir Calvert, Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir Wm.

Corbett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Cordell Fire-brace, Sir John , Mr. Grant, Mr. Digby, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Portman, Mr.

Vane, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Periam,

Mr. Powlett, Mr. Fane, Mr. Webjler, Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Williams, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Chaffin, Mr.

Courtenay, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pleydell, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Carew, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Buck,

Mr. Richards, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sir

daunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties That his Majesty hath appointed to be attended with the of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to Address of both Houses of Parliament, this Day, at Two meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James: And that the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lords intend to be there at that time.

And then the Messengers withdrew. A Bill for confirming an Agreement made to exchange

certain Rights of Common in the Parishes of East Lang- Langtoii.&c.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the’ House, according ton, Church Langton, and

to Order, a Bill for extinguiQung a Right of Common in the County of Leicester; and for settling a yearly Sum claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Pro- to be paid to the Ueftor of West Langton, and his Suc-prietors of antient Burgages and Tenements, in Rippon, cessors, in lieu of Tythes, was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Yorke, 1 Mr. Mr. West, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Grant, Mr. Mr. Drax, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Speke, Lord Gage, Sir Philipps, Mr. Hay, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Hope, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Geo. Oxenden,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Air;

U

form

tell

East

P

Liltlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, Thai this House will, upon Monday, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- Start, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Young, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Alderman

ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Recruiting the Laud force*.

Marshall, Lord Barrington, General Onslow, Mr. Muir, Mr. French; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill fronvthe Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Randle Hopley, of Overton, in the County of

Hopkj’i

Nimt.

oext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Chester, Gentleman, and his issue, to take apd use the 18 Surname

17 Geo. II. 20° Februarii. 575

1

A

.it

; S*.; V.

I.

: tl*.

U.

V

/' v

»'< I

Q

'br

;5.3

’Sit’’

0

:.^c

ir>

fe

wb

cjjrJ?

Surname of Dod, pursuant to the Will of William Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Turner, Lord DuppHn, Lord Gage, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

house, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. M'Kye, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Hay, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Fere, Mr. j Admiral Vernon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir John Grant, Mr. Tor Ice, Sir Robert GroJ'venor, Sir Hugh Smithjbn, Mr. Grant, Mr. War burton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Crew, Mr. Leigh, Sir John Gly Sir W Wms. Wynn, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Lifter-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Chester, and for Wales:

And they are to meec this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cranford A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Bridge, &c. Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the

Road. 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fir It, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlef to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smith/on.Mr. Curzon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Turner, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Pryfe, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Williams, Mr. M'Kye, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Shut!Inverth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Grant, Lord Dupp/in,

Lord Deerhurst, Sii James Grant, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Clietwynd, Sir Thomas Sir Roger

Newdigate, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Cooke-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks,

Berks, Oxon, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

African Ordered, That the proper Auditor of the Imprefts do Company, lay before this House, a State of the Royal African Company’s Account of the Application of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, imprested to them out of the Supplies for the Year ended 31st December 1736, according to the Accounts and Papers produced by the said Company.

Borrowsotr- Mr. Hope Weir presented to the House, according to

cUHarbour. Older, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowftoumejs, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Evefl»am The Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Parfhore, in the County o and of

near Parfhore-, and several other Villages lying near the said Town; and other Persons travelling on the Road between the Town of Parjhoand Borough of Evesham, in the said County; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Ashfield was called; who laid, That the Road leading from a Turnpike now erected by virtue of an Act, passed in the ill Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wore eft er to the Mill Tail, near the lower End of the Town of Parjhore, adjoining to that Turnpike, is, by reasonol the Deepnefsof the Soil (which \ ot» 2

is a strong Clay), and of the many heaVy Carriages fre-» questly passing and repafiing through the lame, become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, is dangerous, and almoll impafiable, notwithstanding the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Andreev, in the Town of Parjhore, in which that Road doth in Part lie (who are but Part of thtf Inhabitants of the said Town), have constantly donetheif Statute-work; and although they did last Year lay out near Thirty Pounds, over and above their Statute-work, in repairing the Road, yet it proved ineffectual: And he also said, That the Trustees, for repairing Evesham Roads, ate at great Expence, ih Flood-times, in ferrying Carriages and Passengers over in Boats; but if the Road, now desired to be repaired, was raised and amended, the Expence and Danger in ferrying over would be laved and prevented, and Travellers might pass and repass with Safety:

And the same Witness further said. That as the be* fore-mentioned Turnpike is now erected near the Foot of Goodley Hill, a considerable Distance from the Town* the Payment of the Toll is often evaded, there being Two common Meadows, belonging to the Township of Wick, joining to, and lying on each Side the Road between the Turnpike and Parfhore; but if that Turnpike was removed to or near the Mill Tail, at the lower End of the Town of Parfhore, Travellers could not avoid paying the Toll:

And he added to his Evidence, That this Road cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept amended, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for railing Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester-, and for making the same more effectual; is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike, now erected at the Foot of Goodley Hill, to a Place called the Mill Tail, in the Town of Parfhore, in the said County.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Westonfert for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the Parish of Westonbirt, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fume, without any Amendment.

Mr. Speaker reported. That both Houses attended his Answer to Majesty, upon Friday last, with their Address: To Addrof*. which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

My Lords and Gentlemen*

I thank you heartily for this zealous and affectionate Address: 1 make no doubt but the Vigour and Unanimity, which you haveexpressed on this Occasion, will, by the Blelfing of God, enable me to defeat the evil Designs of our Enemies; and you may be allured, that no Care or Precaution has been, or shall be, wanting, on my Part, for the Defence, Security, and Welfare, of my Kingdoms.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the End of jiladletotf Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatberley Moor, to Greeta- Tyas Lane bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of Road, the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. Grenville, Colonel Mof-tyn, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord,

Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Glynne, Mr,

Pitt, Mr. Hope, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Bowes, Lord Perceval, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James G ant, Mr. Winford, Mr, Yorke, Mr.

57 6 so Feb fudrA. 1743.

Turner, Sir JMh Ramsden, Sir Miles Stapylloii, Sir Charles Wyndham, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Curxon, Sir P&-

‘ Mr. Heath cote. Lord Doneraile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Westmoreland, and Cumberland, and for Britain; And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

New Mahon An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Committing of Abuses Butter in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Market, kc. Borough of New Mahon, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.'

Pr. 1. L. 3. To leave out " said:"

*" Pr. 4. L. ult. After " Suit," to insert "which

Pr. 5. L. 18. To leave out " to," and insert "of."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Committing of Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town arid Borough of New Malton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Colonel Mojiyn do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from (he Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill j The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Malt, See. Perry,* in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, ^lum, Cyder, and Perry, ih that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1744; without any Amendment: And also,

Laws The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled*. An Act

relating to (0 atnCfld, and make more effectual, the Laws relating gabonds, Icc". *° Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction; without any Amendment

And then the Mefftngers withdrew.

Shipton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. ‘common Fields in the Hamlet of Shipton, in the Farish of Winftow, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields in the Hamlet of Shipton,- in the Parish of Winftow, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ton," insert u Christian Mallei', John Friderick* Fries,

" and Peter de la Rivt'

Pr. a. L. 19. Leave out " and.and, after "Barton" insert, " Christian Moller, John Friderick Fries, tx and Peter de la Rive :u

L. 28. Leave out " and and, after%i Bar-t( ton" insert, " Christian Moller, John Friderick Fries, and Peter de la Rive

In the Title of the Bill, ? ‘

L. 2\ Leave out "and*," and, 'after " DarIon" 'insert, " Christian Moller, John Friderick 'Fries,

" and Peter de la Rive."

The Paid Amendments, being severally read'a Second time, were, upon the Questiofi severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aflb Clarke’s to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, Name* and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stewart, "pursuant to the Will of James Stewart, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVinford,

Sir. Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Breretoh,

Mr. Sydenham, Dr. Ruth', Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Guernsey,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hay, Mr. Conway, Sir Henry Liddell; Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jolliffe,- Mr. West, Mr. Robert Ord\ Mr. John v Ord, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Montague,

Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Mr. John Fenwick, Mr. Bdthurst,

Mr. Clive, Mr. Watson, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Rawlin-son Earle, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Talbot, Sir-Charles Giitnour,

Mr. Fane, - Mr. Neivnham, Sir- Nathanael Newnham,

Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. War bur ton, Sir John Glynne, Mr: Leveson GoWer, Mr. Grenville, Mri Harvey, Mr Affleck, Mr.

Hooper, Sir Hugh Smith son, Sir Rbteler Chernocjze,’ Mr.

Hope, Mr. Southwell, Mr.' Houblon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,'Northumberland,

'Westmor eland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,'That Mottoft' an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give Directions-, that there of fittSg out be laid before this House, an Account of all the Intelli- the French gences that have been received by-his* Majesty, or any of his Ministers, relating to the Fitting ouc of any Fleet, or Ships of War, in the several Ports of France, since the Tenth of April last;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Hitter’s Nat.

Tewplcroan’s,

&c. Nat.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Lorentz Baffian Ritter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Templeman and John Bar Ion of London, Merchants.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as foil0weth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 7. Leave out " and

L. .9. After " Germany," insert " Christian Moller. Son of Christian William Moller, by Sabina Cathrint his Wife, born at Hamburgh; John Friderick " Fries, Son of Henry Friderick Fries, by Dorothea Magdalena his Wife, born at Frankfort; and Peter de la " Rive, Son of Horace Benedict de la Rive, by Jane " M iry his Wife, born at Geneva

Pr. 1. L. 20. Leave out " and and, after " DarIon" insert " Christian Moller, John, Friderick Fries, u and Peter de la Rive:"

VL. 33. out c< and;" and, after " Bar-

TelkrsfortteNow]^;^ j 234-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Francis Fanef according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom-it was referred toeonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report'to the House; which he

read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the fame-were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved; TlhdX it h the Opinion-of this Committee, that, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

there shall be paid for and upon all brown and Muscovado Sugar imported into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, a Duty, after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six Peace per Hundredweight, over-and-above all Customs, Subsidies, arid.Du-

-tw®, already chargeable thereupon.

Resolved,

Wav* and Means#

k

z

Jc

lk

k

k.

asi

>rr*

I.Tp

r‘,

,ju -

17 Geo. II.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for and upon all white Sugar imported into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America,a Duty, after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Hundred Weight, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already charge* able thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for and upon all Sugar-candy, and Sugar refined, double or single, in Loaves, imported into Great Britainfrom any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, and for and upon all Sugar whatlo-ever imported from any other foreign Parts, a Duty, after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already chargeable thereupon.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties now granted be drawn back on the Exportation of the respective Sorts of Sugar for which the same were paid or fecuced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Bounty, after the Rate of Four Shillings per Hundred Weight, be allowed upon the Exportation of Sugar refined in Great Britain.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be recommitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. ' "

T‘lte .; I '+

Teilersforth, Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

»nd Means, ing next, resolve itself into ii 'Committee of the whole House, to consider further:of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Recruiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

the Laud ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Forces. House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whote House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

; , . >t‘j

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. '

Martis2i° die Februarii;

Anno 17* treorgii II1" Regis, 1743., Praters.

Schott's Q1R George Oxenden reported from1 the Committee, to Grant of O whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the In-Skotover, Sec. herjtance of Part of the Forest of and StoWood,

in the County of Oxford, to Trustees in Trust, for Augustus Schutz Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Confederation' to be paid for the same, y/as committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hito to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 24.

577

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Mr. Turner reported from the Committee, to whom Air. &c. the Petition of the Constable, Churchwardens, Overseers to

of the Poor, and other Principal Inhabitants, of the Town parochial of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of Rates,

was referred. That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as toiloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 10th and txth Year of the:

Reign of King William the Third, for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and in the Coupty of York, was produced; by which Act: the Undertakers of the said Navigation were impowered to receive certain.

Duties payable by Vessels laden with Goods, and navigating the said Rivers; and an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1742, wasalfo produced; and that Part which db rech, that the Profits of the said Navigation shall be assessed and paid. One Moiety at Wand the other; Moiety at Leeds, was also;read. 1

Then Mr. Robert Hopkiufon, being examined, said,

That the principal Wharfs and Warehouses,- on the said Rivers Air and Calder, are at Leeds and: That

there are several Locks upon the said Rivers; but no Di-. regions it) the said Act: of the 10th anJ nth of King;

William, where the Duties shall be paid: And that the greatest Part of the Profits of the said Navigation arise by '

Goods lent to and from the said Towns of Wakefield and Leeds.

Being asked, if there were nq other Warehouses upon the said Rivers, besides those at Wakefield and Leeds,' he said. There was One Warehouse, but no Lock, at cliff; but the Warehouse was Five Miles below that Parc of the River directed to be made navigable by the said Act of the 10th and nth of King William, the Navigation of which Part is, and always has been; free.

Being required to inform the Gotnmittee what was the Difference of the Prefits of Goods coming down from Wakefield and Leeds, he fa’td, He believed, pretty equal; beciule the Rents referred were equal at both Places That though the Exports of Woollen Goods were greater at Leeds than at Wakefield, yet the Quantities of Coalsj Slates, and Flags, exported from Wakefield, being much greater than from Leeds, made the Profits pretty near equal.

The said Witness further informed the Committee,1 That, to his Knowledge, the Profits of the Navigation of the River Calder has been assessed to the Poor’s Rate 'of the Town of Wakefield, jat 50 Pounds, ‘per Antmrb,. for 20 Years last past, \yhich is only, after the Rate of; an'

Estate in Land of £.160' per Antrum; and he believes it has been so assessed ever since it Was tirft left. ' ' '

But, about Four Yeats ago, the Inhabitants of Wakel field., finding some Estates under-rated, some over-rated, and some not assessed at all, found'it necessary to come to a Regulation of their Assessments, Upon which it-(va$ judged reasonable to raisethe Assessments of the Navigation, propartionabty to the increase of the Profits; and she same was accordingly rated at £.300 a Year, which the Proprietors of the said Navigation refilled to pay, though the Rent of that Moiety was then £.1,600 a Year;

In consequence of which Refusal, the Assessment, ifpon an Appeal,' was confirmed by the Justices at the next General Quarter "Sessions of the Peace, arid a Demand made by the proper Officers of the Town, which the Navigators still refusing to pay, a Distyefs was rpade for tt, and an Action of Replevin was thereupon brought by the Navigators 5 which Action was tried at the Assizes at Tori,

/ ‘ Years ago; and the Vdrdittfound thereupon was Special. ' -' '

Being asked, if he had a Copy of the Special Verdictt:, he said. He hac’ ‘he Minutes; which were produced, and read to the Committee; and are as followeth; viz.

7 H Yorkshire

2Q° — ai<’ Februarii.

S7«

41* Febru

A.

*743'

York/kirt fll At the Affixes, the 9th Day of Match 1740.

Burton Esquire, and others,)

against Mn Replevin.

Hall, and others. )

We find the Assessment made for the Town of Wakefield in Three Divisions, prout, which Assessment was confirmed at the proper Sessions, upon Appeal of the now Plaintiffs:

We find the Warrant, prout, and the Demand of, and Refusal to pay, the £. 45 mentioned in the said Assessment and Warrant; and that the Demand was made upon Burton only:

We find, that, at the Time of making the said Assessment, John Burton resided in the Township or Parish of Wakefield

That George Dover, John Douglas, and Joseph son, resided in other Parishes: and that they, together with the said Mr. Burton, are joint Lessees of the Navigation upon the Rivers Aire and Calder, and are intitled to the Profits arising therefrom, and to the Locks, Wharfs, and Warehouses, thereunto belonging, at the yearly Rent of £. 3,200:

That the Navigation of the said Two Rivers extends from Weland to Castleforth, being 19 Miles; and leads

through the several Parishes of

and from Castleforth to Leeds, being 12 Miles 1 and leading through the several Parishes of

and

from Castleforth aforesaid unto the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, within the Parish of Wakefield, being Nine Miles; and leading through the several Parishes of

That, within the said Township of Wakefield, the principal Warehouse and Wharf, for the Use of the said Navigation, were erected with Three or Four Dwelling-houses j which Dwelling-houses are let at £. 10 yearly Rent:

That there are also erected upon the said Rivers, for the Use of the said Navigation, Seventeen Locks in the respective Parishes of

and a Wharf and Warehouse at Brother ton Marsh, in the said Parish of Brotherton, Eight Miles from Wakefield; and also a Staith or Wharf in the Township of Haddlefey, 12 Miles distant from the Parish of Wakefield; at which laid several Locks, at Knottingley and Beale (both which are upwards of 12 Miles distant from the Parish of Wakefield), Tolls and Duties, arising by the said Navigation, are taken, as well as at Leeds and Wakefield.

We find, that the Defendants acted as Overseers of the Poor for the Township of Wakefield:

We find, that ever since the said Rivers were made navigable, until November last, the Owners and Occupiers of the said Navigation have been assessed to the Poor-rate for the Township of Wakefield, as for an Estate, not exceeding the Value of £. 50 per Annum; which Sum hath been accordingly paid:

We find all other Matters necessary to bring the Right in Question; and, if for the Plaintiffs, for the Plaintiffs Damages 12 d. Coflb 40 s.; and, if for the Defendants, or the Defendants Damages izd. Costs 405.

If any Dispute, tftc. tobe referred to the Judge of Assize. This is a true Copy. Bootle, for Plaintiffs.

7ho. Paine, for Defendants.

Associate.

And the Witness further informed your Committee, That the said Minute} had been, laid before Two eminent Special Pleaders, who, through the Intricacy of the Affair, were unable to draw up a Verdict.

Being asked, if the Navigation' of the Rivers Air and Calder were separately let, he laid, The laid Navigation was let in One Lease, at £. 3,200 a Year; One Moiety whereof is reserved payable at Wakefield, and the other at Leeds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain and fix where the Profits of the Nagation of the H

Rivers Errand Caldet shall be assessed to parochial Rates;

And that Mr. Turner, Sir Miles Stapylton, and Mr. Fa* zakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Gal'crCwt* Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adj )in'*ng to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish oiSouth Mims, in the County of dlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Pari fit of South Mims, in the County of Middlefen, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Winnington prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for railing and estabUshing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Mi-nifters of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities of St. Andrews, and

Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and, desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Cafwall Gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall> to take and use the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the WHl of Giles Whitehall, deceased; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Cafwall Gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall; and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Suriname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the Will of Giles Whitehall, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir Humphrey Howorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing, of the Matter of the Petition1 of Arthur Trevor Esquire; and also of the Petition of thefeverakPetfons whose Names are thereunto subsetibed . severally complaining of an undue Election and Retijrq for the Borocgb of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard:.

And having proposed to establish the Votes nf several Persons who polled for the Sitting Member, and were ob-jested to by the Counsel for the Petitioners, as having been admitted Burgesses of the Borough of Denbigh by an incompetent Authority;

They examined several Witnesses, in order to justify the Election of those Officers of the said Borough, by whom the said Burgesses were admitted.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to verify the Date of their Admission.

And. they having proposed to prove by Parole Evidence,

Lcnnt

Trade.

Scotch Minilen Widow, kc,

CafwaU'i

that.

Denbigh

Elcfitio*.

!a

h

if;.

is

ict

e«i \% , Ll» 3*

ofed

S»

3?d

cSuf-

Giit

acE

lei’ rfr PcP,

Tiff

tfflC?

esc

to If It fr

v

17 Geo.- II. it*

dence, that Part of the Burgesses, so admitted, wei*e reputed Burgesses before that Time:

And Objection being made to the Admission of such Evidence, without a previous Proof of a proper Sedrch into all the Records, public Books, and public Writings, of the said Borough, for the First Admission of such Burgesses:

And a Witness having been examined, as to the Search by him made for that Purpose;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. The Counsel were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, having waved the Parole Evidence by them offered of the former Admission of that Part of the said Burgesses:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having admitted (what the Counsel for the Sitting Member had offered to prove), that other Part of the said Burgpfles appear, from the Rolls of the said Borough, to have been formerly admitted;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, in order to re qualify several Burgesses of the said Borough of Denbigh, who polled for the Sitting Member, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to disqualify, as not having been resident within the said Borough, at the Time of the last Elettion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament lor the said Borough: They also examined several Witnesses, in order requalify several Burgesses of the said Borough, who voted for the Sitting Member, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to disqualify, as having received Alms:

They also examined a Witaefs, and an Entry in one of the Rolls of the said Borough was read, in order to requalify one Person, who voted for the Sitting Member as a Burgess of the said Borough, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to dil'qualify, as not having been admitted a Burgess.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member (in answef to the general Objection made, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, to all the Burgesses of Ruthyn, who voted for the Sitting Member) examined a Witness, and several Entries in the public Books of the Borough of were read, in order to prove. That, by the Usage of the said Borough, the Right of admitting Burgesses is in a felcft Number (Confiding of the two Aldermen, and a Common Council of Sixteen), or the major Part of them: They also examined a Witness, in order tp requalify several Burgesses of the said Borough of , who

voted for the Sitting Member, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to disqualify, as not having been resident within the said Borough, at the Time of the lad Elettion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh:

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, That another Burgess of the Borough of Ruthyn, who voted for the Sitting Member, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to disqualify as a Minor, was of full Age, at the said Elettion.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called- in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, and several Entries in the Rolls of the Borough of Denbigh were read, in order to disqualify several Burgesses of the said Borough whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire; some as having been admitted Burgesses of the said Borough by an incompetent Authority; some as having received Alms; and One as not having resided within the said Borough at the Time of the last Elettion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Then several Entries in the public Books of the Borough of Ruthyn were read, in order to prove, that several Penons, whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire, as Burgesses of the said Borough, were not admitted according to the Constitution of the said Borough. VOL, 24.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having of- DenHgh fered to prove, That the Admission of several Persons, E1-a,on* whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire* as Burgesses of the said Borough, did'not 'appear in any Rolls or Books of the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted, that nd such Entry of their Admission did appear; but they infilled, that they had established their Votes by general Evidence.;

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses1, in order to prove, That several Burgesses of the said Borough bf Ruthyn, whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire, had received -Alms:

And they having, proposed to disqualify several Bui1* geffes of the Borough of Holt, who voted for the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esquire, as having been made by an incompetent Authority:

And the Inspeximus of a Charter granted to the Burgesses of Holt by Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey,

Lord oiBromfield and Yale, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth, having been produced;

Part thereof was read:

And several public Books of thtf said Borough having been produced;

An Entry therein was read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted, That all the said Burgesses of Holt, whom the Counsel for the Sitting Member endeavoured to disqualify, were, in Kke. manner^ admitted before tire Mayor of the said Borough1 only, or his Deputy:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove. That at the Elettion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in 1714, the Votes of such Persons*. as had been so admitted, were rejected,.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Burgesses of the Borough of Holt, who voted for the Petitioner Arthur 'trevar Esquire,. as not having refidod within the said Borough at the last Elettion of a Burgess to serve. in Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh:

And Evidence was produced, and a Witness was examined, in order to prove, That another Burgess of Hoi/!, who then voted for the Petitioner Arthur Trevor Esqp^re, was then ta Minor: .

And a Witness was examined, in; order to disqualify several other Burgesses of the Borough of Holt, who voted for the said Petitioner, as having received Alms.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proposed to disqualify One Burgess of the Borough of Denbigh, who voted for the said Petitioner, as not having been resident within the said Borough at the Time of the last Elettion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted. That he was not then resident within the said Boroughs

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined a Witness, in order to disqualify another Burgess of the Borough of Denbigh, who voted for the said Petitioner, as having received Alms:

And they also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Burgesses of the Borough of Ruthyn, who voted for the said Petitioner, as not having been re- fident within the' said Borough at the said Elettion:

And an Entry in one of the public Books of the Borough of Ruthyn was read, in order to prove, That One Person, who voted for the said Petitioner, as a Burgess of the said Borough, was admitted (in a Form contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough) by One Alderman only t

And a Witness was examined* in order to disqualify several other Burgesses of the Borough of Ruthyn, who voted for the said Petitioner, as having received Alms.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw*

Ordered,

Privilege.

Duties on Sugars in Plantations.

580

21* — 22"

A. 1743.

OrJreJ,7hzt the further Hearing of the Matter of the Account; who has, in Return, laid before us an Account ,aiu 1 ctltlons be adjourned till Thursday Morning next. of the gross Produce of the said Duties for the Time required; and represented, in the annexed Memorial, the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii\ 2 2* die Februarit;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE House, being informed that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot,a Member of this House, in relation to To the Honourable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 18th Customs.

Reasons why he cannot prepare an Account of the net Produce: We herewith humbly lay the said Account and Memorial before you by the Hand of the Comptroller General, to which we pray to be referred;

Which are humbly submitted.

B. Fairfax,

J. Evelyn,

Custom House, London, John Hill,

21 February 1743. Beaumont Hotham,

Mead.

Day of January last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Comptroller General of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Four and a Half per Cent, payable upon Sugars in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, from Chr *732, to

1742; distinguishing each Year; together with a Return of the Commissioners of the Customs.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return, and a Memorial contained therein of the Comptroller General of the Customs to the said Commissioners, were read.

The laid Return and Memorial, and also the said Account, are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain, Parliament assembled.

tn

In Return to your Minute of this Date, founded on an Address of the House of Commons to his Majesty, I lay before you an Account of the grols Produce of the Duties of Four and a Half per Cent, upon Sugars in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, from Christmas 1732, to Christmas 1742.

And 1 beg Leave to represent, that I cannot, from the Journals of the Collectors, or any other Materials in my Office, render the Account in the Terms required by the Order; for, in the First place, the said Collector’s Accounts of this Duty are kept in Specie (or Kind), and not in Money; nor are the Values of the Sugars collected any where, in their said Accounts ascertained, in Money; and, for this Reason, J could not give the Account of the gross Produce in Money, having neither Authority, nor any Rule whereby to afee tain the Values of the Sugars; and as they bear different Prices in different Islands, and are variable in each Island at different Seasons, no exact Rate can be fixed here, to reduce the said gross Produce in Kind, to Money; and, in the next place, it is impossible for me, from the said Journals of the Collectors, or other

Materials in my Office, to make out the net Produce of the said Duty of Four and a Half per Cent, on Sugars;

Having received the Commands of the Lords of the because they are promifcuoully, with other Commodities, Treasury, pursuant to your Address of the 7th Instant liable to the said Duty made use of for Payment of the to his Majesty, that we should cause the following Ac- Charges of Management in the Islands. count to be made out, and laid before you; viz.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Du-

ties of Four and a Half per Cent, payable upon Sugars in I74»*

his' Majesty’s Plantations 'in America, from Christmat 1732, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year.

We gave immediate Directions to the Comptroller General, who is the proper Officer, to prepare the said 1

The 18th February

K. "Parsons, C.G1,

AN

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

£D

o

t*

£ An ACC 0 UNT of the grofc Produce of the Duties of Four and a Half per Cent, payable upon Sugars in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, from Chrtfimas 1732, to Christmas 1742;

distinguishing each Year.

YEARS. BARBADOES. Total of Barbadoes. I.EEWARD ISLANDS. Total Gross Produce.

r Muscovado- ChoiceMufcovado. Single refined. First White. Second White. > Coarse clayed. r Second White. 1 Brown.

lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs. lbs.

1732" "*733 640,582 ~ m m - *273 12,909 146,889 801,653 r 2,318,494 3,120,147

*733 *734 *93>3* ~ m m 323 2,479 46,842 242,955 *,496 1,289,708 *,534,159

*734 *735 55°»°8 7 82,688 83 5.996 16,614 94,36* 749,829 10 2,303,147 3,052,986

| *735 3 1736 283,333 40,036 72 *3.5* 33,847 87,595 558,394 3>*»3 *,64*543 2,203,060

1736 A *737 250,768 32.972 4.847 8,356 <»o86 57,675 359.704 59° 7*4,523 1,074,817

-| *737 ' Vj t2 *738 399,59* 44,968 - 4.675 10,723 64,833 524,790 1,681 1,960,232 2,486,703

s *738 H *739 296,454 78,808 - a®,584 29,218 71,212 496,276 2,623 *,523,574 2,022,473

*739 1740 459»578 73*3 - 17,006 29<7S2 93,899 673,648 *»5*3 *,613,632 2,288,793

1740 *74* 7*3*525 56,679 7,604 12,032 54,595 844,435 - 1,251,830 2,096,265

*74*. w*74* 676,843 57*7*6 - 6,367 27,394 63,578 831,898 7 1 *474,279 2,306,184

4,564,072 467,280 5,002 85.695 180,054 7*,479 6,083,582 11,043 16,090,962 22,185,587 ' -r-l

Custom House, the 18th February *74$’

R. Parfomy Comptroller General.

cn

00

17 Geo. II. a2° Februarii.

58*

22* Februarii.

A. 1743,

Studley Bridge, &c. Ro*d,

Ordered, That the said'Return, Memorial, and Ac- Another Member of the House informed the Corn-count, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the' Mem- nVittee, that the Road from Chippenham to Rove den,

Fart of the Road both to and , is so

bad, that Persons in Wheel-carriages cannot pass the same in the Winter Season; but are obliged to go other Ways, even to their own Houses, near the said ltoad.

Mr. George Lodge and Mr. John , being fcveially examined, laid, That the Tolls and Duties granted by the before-mentioned Act, wefe not sufficient to repair the Roads therein directed to be amended, notwithstanding tlvc several Rates of Three Pence, Four Pence, and Six Pence, have been raised in the Parish of,

towards the Repairs thereof; and that the Sums collected have been laid out in rejHairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham only; and that the Road from. Chippenham dill remains in a very ruinous Condition; and that if the said Act is not farther continued, the first-mentioned Road will, in a short time, be as bad as ever:

Tlutf the Road from Chippenham to which is

Part of the Poll Road, and* the nearest Way to Bath, is in a very bad Condition, and dangerous to Travellers in Carriages.

And Mr. George Lodge further said, That all Gentlemen, who ride Pott from London to Bath, go that Road; but, it being so very bad, Post Chaises are obliged to go

bers of the House.

Schutz't An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the In-

rater °Le heritance of Part of the Fore ft of Shot over and Stowood, u in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trust for Au-, £«/?w Schutz Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full arid

valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title b«. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Part of the Forestof Shot over and SfowooJ, in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trull for Schutz

Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Conli-dcratiun to be pakl for the fame1.

Ordered, That Sir George Oieenden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire thfcir Concurrence.

Mr. Bayntun reported from, the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, or frequently travelling through, the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, to a Place called Pickwick, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred* That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to tlum, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTablC: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road from Studley Bridge,

through Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Toghill, in the GoUntyof Gloucester, was read.

T1 :eti the Agent for the Petitioners called Rogers Holland, Esquire: Who laid, that the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick is Part of the Post Road from London to Bath, and a nearer Way than -the Road through Corsham t That the said Road is in a very bad and ruinous Condition, at all times dangerohs to Travellers in Carriages,

and impafiable for Coaches in Winter; but that the same Waggons up the said Hills.

another and farther Way

That he has seen some Statute-work done on the said Road, and does not think it sufficient to put it in Repair, and keep it so; the same being at present so very bad and ruinous.

He further said, that if the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick was repaired, it would open a Communication jpr Waggons and other Carriages, (which are now obliged to go a jfarther Way about), between-the City of Bath and the Market Towns of Chippenham and Caine; and that Persons travelling between London and Bath would save Two Hours in their Journey, by avoiding Two

Seat Hills, and other heavy Ways in the Road at pre-nt travelled, which oblige, the Bath Carrier to pay £. 3d per Annum for extraordinary Horses to draw his

is capable of being made a ve^y good Road; and, as being the nearer Way, would be frequented; by all Sorts of Carriages:

That there is another Way to Bath by Sheldon, Bitfon,

; but the Witness looks upon it as a Bridle-way only: That the Road from Sallersford to Pickwick, in the Parish of Corsham, is very ruinous; and when he has passed the Surveyors Accounts, as a Justice of the Peace, the Laws have been thought insufficient to repair the fame: That about a Quarter of a Mile of the Road from Chippenham to Sallersfordj called ,is in

good Repair, being repaired by the Proprietors of Inclosures on the Down; but the other Part is in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous to travel, as well from the Narrowness of some Parts, as the Badnefsof others; and that although, as the Withefs apprehends, the Iaft Part ought to be repaired by the Statute-work, yet the same is not sufficient for that Purpose.

A Member of the House informed the Committee,

Mr. John Bull laid before the Committee, a Book of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Tolls; and, being examined thereto, he said,- that he was appointed Treasurer of the Tolls and Duties irl April 1743; since. Which time, £. 124. 3 j. if d.had been collected, and the greatest Part thereof applied towards paying off a Debt upon the Tolls, and the remaining Sum was now in Hand, to be applied for the Repair of the Road; nothing having been granted by the Trustees for that Purpose fihee he has been Treasurer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County: And that Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Long, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hungerford, and Mr. Neale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

that although the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick is

in a very ruinous Condition, yet that Part which lies in Mr. Revell presented to the House, pursuant to their Vifirfmj

the Parish of Corsham could be repaired by the Statute- Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling his to*"® work, and the Inhabitants are ready to do it, when called Majesty’s Land Forces, between the First Day of January upon; but the Reason of it’s not having been repaired, is, 1742, and the 31 ft Day of December 1743. it’s being at present travelled chiefly by Horsefnen and And the Title of the said Account was read.

Carriages going on Two other Roads, within a Quarter The said Account is as folio weth; viz.

01 a Mile on each side the fame, the one aTurnpike, and the other a good hard Road.

r

London,

2i° FebruarU.

17 Geo. II.

585

London, Victualling Office, the 20th February 1743.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence ofviCtualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the ift Day of January 1742, and the 31st Day of December 1743: Prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th Instant.

Amount of Provisions, t£c. issued to Soldiers in their Passage from England to QJiend Amount of Provisions furnished to Land Forces in the West with

Freight and Demurrage, which were not included in the Account for the Year 1742; Accounts not being received, when the Expence for that Year was made up -Amount of Provisions issued to Bombardiers, CsV. -Amount of Two Months Provisions, at whole Allowance, of all Species, for 300 Men sent from Jam, reel to Rattan, by Order of Admiral Ogle,

'at 9 d. per Man a Day - -

Paid Messieurs Majon and , be-

ing so much disbursed by them for the Duty on Rum imported at Jamaica, for the Use of his Majesty’s Land Forces there, in pursuance of their Contract, dated the 23d April 1740, over and above what had been imprested them for that Service -Paid upon Account of Freight of Provisions for the Squadron under the Command of Commodore £ 3,1505 the Proportion of which for 500 Soldiers on board the said Squadron is -Paid Freight of Provisions sent to Georgia for the use of the Land Forces there -

1,050

j.

J9

d.

n

7,244 1610

540 6 11

630-----

630 4 6

811 17

61

17

£ io.97° 2

IMemorandum: There may be more Provisions issued Tho. Revell, Tho. to Land Forces in the W Rickard West Indies, in the Year IV. Hay.

1743 5 but as Accounts

are not yet received, so

ui as to know the Quan-

sfc tity, the Value thereof cannot be included in

- '1 this Account.

J.- 11. . 1:^" Ex* per . S.

d'

Preventing Frauds by Goldfmhh's Workmen.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the ’fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Goldsmiths, Jewellers, and Watchmakers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others exercising the same Trades, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, by the nature of th’eir Business, cannot make any Vessels or Pieces of wrought Gold and Silver Plate, Watches, Rings, Trinkets, and other Jewellers Work, without fending the Materials of which they are made through a Variety of Hands, who perform several different Operations thereupon before the same can be finfthed, fit to be exposed to Sale; and that it is impossible for the Petitioners to keep within their ownHouses all the Sorts of Artificers and Workmen that must necessarily be employed in working and finishing the several Sorts of Wares and Manufactures aforesaid, by reason that the most (kilful Artificers and Workmen in those several Trades generally take in Work from a great Number of VoL. 24.

different Matter Workmen, as their Occasions require; and many such Artificers and Workmen being drunken, loose, and evil-minded Persons, frequently fell, pawn, embezzle, or otherwise make away-with, the Petitioners Gold, Silver and other Materials, so intruded with them to manufacture, to the great Damage and Loss of their Employers; and such Persons having so done, generally shift their Lodgings, and otten remove into some other Part of the Kingdom, to conceal themselves. from the Persons they have (o defrauded 5 by which means, the Petitioners Gold and Silver, and other unfinished Materials, though (bme-times not pawned for half the Value, cannot be found out, so as to be redeemed again by the Petitioners, for want of knowing where the same are left 5 and if by Chance a Discovery can be made where such Goods are pawned, the Pawnbrokers, who have taken them in, will frequently refuse to acknowledge whether they have iji their Custody such Goods, or to search their Books for the fame, till a Sum of Money be first deposited in their Hands, sufficient to answer the Money lent, and the usual extortionable Interest taken by Pawnbrokers; and if the Petitioners can by any means find out the Persons who have thus pawned or embezzled the Materials intruded with them, 'the Petitioners can proceed no otherwise against them than by Action at Law; which can afford no Satisfaction for the Petitioners Lofifes, after the Money raised by Sale or Pawning of such Goods is spent and wasted by the Offenders: And therefore, in consideration of the great Damages sustained by the Petitioners, and other fair Traders, by means of such evil Practices, and that the Laws in being are defective for the due Punishment of such Offences, and as there is a Bill now depending before this House, for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and others, from felling, pawning, and making away-with, Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vef* fels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Content of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, which is a same similar to the Grievances hereby complained of, praying. That a Clause or Clauses may be admitted into the said Bill for their Relief; or that they may have such other Assistance and Relief in the Premises, as to the House (Kail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to make the same more elFectuali was raid the Third time.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Toll-gate, at

Bridge Town, in the Parish of Stratford, in the County of Wartvick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to make the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Townsend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shipdoft T oll-gat* Road.

Sir John Rujhont reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enlarging tire Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from pel on the Heath, in the County of to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, anc^ound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in'

his

Chappel on the Heath Road.

584

2 2° — 2 30 Februarii

A. 1743,

Call of the House.

Ways ani Means.

his Places and afterwards delivered the Bilk with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Sevennight, the Sixth Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms atrending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings yearly for a Licence to sell spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, received at the Excite Office in Money and Bills of Exchange, from the 26th March 1743, to the 31 &. January 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Produce of the additional Duties on strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, from the 26th March 1743, to the 25th December 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated at Michaelmas 1743, -be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Chrifi-mas 1740, to Christmas 1743, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution 5 which they had directed Trim to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported fn m Dunkirk, from Christmas 1732, to Christmas 1743; ard under what Denomination of Brandies the Duties were paid for the feme.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Bush Fair Common, in the Panlh of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Stump Qofs, ih or near the furthermost Part of the Parish of Great Chesterfurd, in the said County, v.*as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappd on the Heath, in the County of Oxoh, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill\ in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhout do carry the Bill tq the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. MackvJorth have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Harlow

Road.

Chappd oo the Hrath. Road.

Leave of

Absence.

Recruiting the Land Force*.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744*

And then thq House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Wayi the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- M*-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Surplus, or Remainder of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the additional Rates or Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by one Ad of the last Session of Parliament, and which, by one other Act of the said Session, were reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, after the several Annuities charged thereon arc^ satisfied, be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution reported, upon the Seventh Day of this instant February, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed to by the House, That they do insert a Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution of the said Committee, this Day agreed to by the House.

Dane* on foreign Spirit*.

Jovis, 23* die j

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1743. PRA*SR3.

S\RDERED, That the Qlmmissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custoro House in London, and in

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevenr night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufac* tures of Great Britain and Ireland.

The J-souse, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Arthur

Trevor

Linen

Mauu/aduro.

BenWtfK,

Election,

Manning the Fleet.

White Sheet Hill, &c. Road.

17GeO. II. 23* — 240 Februarii. 585

Trevor Esquire; and also of the Petition of the several this House, for repairing the Road frotn the Bound Stone Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; severally aforesaid, to Bow Bridge, in the said Road to Sherborne, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the in the said County of Dorset, praying, that Provision Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh. may be made in the said Bill, for amending the Road

And the Counsel were called in: from the Top of White Sheet Hill to the Bound Stone

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard* aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other

and summed up their Evidence. Relief in the Premisses, as to the House shall feeni

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, by way of Reply, meet, having desired that a Clause in the Charter granted to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Borough of Denbigh, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-of King Charles the Second; by which, for the Govern- amine the Matter thereof; and report the faille, as it ment of the said Borough, a Common Council was ap- shall appear to them, to the House: pointed, confiding of Twenty-five Persons (whereof the And it is referred to Mr. Walter, Sir Francis Poole, Two Aldermen and Two Burgesses were to be Four), Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Which-might be read. cote, Mr. Walker, Mr. James Grenville, Major Selwyn,

And the same being read accordingly; Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Knight, Mr. Carter, Colonel

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, Townsend, Lord Deerhurfi, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Sir Wm.'

in order to prove, that, by the Usage of the Borough of Calvert, Colonel Elliott, Mr. Archer, Lord Sidney Beau-Holt, the Burgesses of that Borough are elected by the , clerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, though admitted and Butler, Mr. Fere, Lord Perceval, Sir John Barrington, sworn before the Mayor only, or his Deputy; and that Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Onjlozv, Sir Hugh SmithfoH, an Entry is made in the Rolls of the said Borough, of Mr. Williams, Mr. Gwynq, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fel/owes, their being so admitted and sworn; but that no Entry Sir Thomas Read; and all the Members who serve for is made of their Election. the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, and Somerset: And they

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were further heard by way of Reply.

Then the Counsel on both Sides weredirested to withdraw.

A Motion being made. That John Wynn Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh;

Mr. Wym was heard in his Place; and then he withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That John Wynn Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.f 93-

TelteforUreNoes,^"^-^-. }.67.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die Februarii;

Anno 17* Georgii II'1* Regis, 1743. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the County of Wilts, to a Place called the Bound Stone, in the great Western Road leading to Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is, in the Winter-Season, very ruinous, so that Travellers cannot pass with Safety; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and made commodious for all Persons, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for raising Money for that Purpose: And therefore, in regard the Road aforesaid joins to the Road intended to be repaired by a Bill now depending before Vol. 24.

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fangkam, Deputy to Mr. Auditor Benjon, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of Auditor Bek-Jon's State of the Account of the Application and Expenditure of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, im- prested to the Royal African Company of England, at the Exchequer, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year ended the 31st of December 1736, according to the Accounts and Papers produced by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England is referred.

The said State is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Deerhurst reported from the Comtaictee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he'read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Townsend have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynne have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

7 KL An

African fotti, &c.

Evesham

Road*.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto*

Ritter’i

Nat.

farrowfloan-

nefe

Harbour.

Correspondence rc-spetiing the Pretender, -and his intended Invasion.

586 24° Februarii. A. 1743.

An ingrossed $ ill from' the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Loretltz Ifafiidn Ritter, was read a S'e'cond tiriie.

Refojved, That the Bill be coriimitted to Mk Bankes, Mr. Richard William, Mr. Grenville, Dr Butter, Mi*. Carter, Mr. Breretoh, Mr. OJbaldeflon, Mr. War burton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Laroche, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Gafhty, Mr. Pro by, Mr. G ivy mi, Mr, Wilkinson, Lord Peiceval, Mr. Lefty, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Finch, Mr. Legge, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Yorke) Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Braird, Mr. Cholmondeley, Colonel Pozvlet, Sir Wm. Corbet, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Ctirztin, Mr. Meltish, Mr. Gore, Mr. Williams, Sir Hugh Smith fori, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Selwyn .* And they are to meet this AfternOOn at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots', or One Sixth-part, of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Bor-rozvjlounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, was read a Second time.

Refblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hope Weir, Sir James Grant, Mr. Williams, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Crowle, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Winning ton, Mr! Rawlinson Earle, Lord Gage, Lord Geo. Sackville, Dr. Butler, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Young, Mr, Mellish, Mr. Coke, Sir Hugh Smith/on, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Gilmonr, Sir Henry Liddell, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Lord D'eer-hurji, Mr, Buncombe, Mr. Gwyhne, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Shut tie worthy Mr. Onslow, Mr Carter, Mr. Archer, Sir Thomas Read, Sir John Barrington, Colonel Elliott, Lord Gnernjey, Lord John Sackville, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that. he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before this House,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nlwcaflle to Mr. Thompson, Whitehall, February jd 1741:

And Translation. t

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, February -^th 174^:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, Paris, February 44th 174.-J-:

The Information of Captain Alexander Ridley, February 24th 1741-.

And the Translation of the said Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Thompson, and also the said several Extracts of the Letters from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle, and the said Information of Captain Ridley, were read.

The said Copy of the said Lester from the Duke of Nezvcafile to Mr. Thompson is bound up with the . other Papers of this Session; and the Translation thereof, anJ also the said several Extracts of the Letters from Mj. Thompson to the Duke of New-cafile, and the said Information of Captain Ridley, arc as followeth; viz.

Whitehall, February 3d, 174!.

Sir,

His Majesty having received Advice, that the Pretender’s elded Son set out from Rome on the 27 th or 28th of December, O. S. for France; and that he actually arrived at Antibes on the 17th past; it is his Majesty’s Pleasure that you'should immediately go to Monsieur Amelot, and let him know, that his Majesty, considering the Engagements his most Christian Majedv, is under by Treaties, with regard to the Pretender and his Descendants, had commanded you to acquaint him with the Informations the King had received 5 and that his Majesty

,20

did not'doubt, but that if those Accounts were founded, his most Christian Majesty would, pursuant to the Treaties, give effectual Orders that the said Perfcm may be obliged forthwith to quit the French King’s Dominions, if he should be still there; and that he may net be countenanced or protested by any of his most Christian Majesty’s Officers or Subjects.

You will transmit to me the Answer that Monsieur Amelot shall give you from his most Christian Majesty, that I may acquaint the King with it.

I am, tec*

Mr. Thompson. Holies, Newcastle.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle.

Paris, February T7Tth 1741.

I received this Morning the Honour of your Grace's Dispatch of the jd Instant, O. S. by Hammond the Messenger, just as I was going to Monsieur Amelot's; lb that no Time was loft in executing the Commands year Grace was pleased to fend me from his Majesty. 1 had very little Talk with iMonlieur Amelot upon this Subject:

I told him, that the News which had been public here for this Week pad, had like wile reached Louden, where I heard that People were greatly scandalized at it; that I had now Orders from the King to tell him (Monsieur Amelot) what his Majesty had heard of this Matterand to represent to him, that, considering the Engagements his most Christian Majesty was-under to the King* with respect to the Pretender and his Defendants, by virtue of the most solemn Treaties, his Majesty did not doubt, but, upon the Representations I was now ordered to make, this Person would not only be obliged to retire out of France, if he was actually in it, but that his most Christian Majesty would also fulfill; in all Respects;. the Engagements he was under to the King, on Account of the Pretender, his Defendants, and Adherents; In a Word, I told him, that, not to go beyond or fall Abort of what I was directed to say to him, nor to make a Mi flake of any kind, I would, if he pleased, read to him your Grace’s Letter to me; which he desired I would. When I had done, Monsieur Amelot told me,- now that I spoke to him by Order, he mull likewise receive the Freitch King’s Commands. He promised he would speak to the King the very first Opportunity; and would acquaint me immediately with his most Christian Majesty’s Pleasure.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thompson to the Duke of Newcastle.

Paris, February'4~fth 174L

In my Letter of this-Day Sevennight, I had the Honour to acquaint your Grace with what Monsieur Amelot had said to me, upon my communicating to him the Orders I had received to speak to him about the Arrival of the Pretender’s Son in France; viz. That he could give no Answer till he had seen the King. 1 heard nothing more of him from that time till this Morning, that I went to Versailles\ where Monsieur Amelot, by Order of his most Christian Majesty, Was pleased to make me a kind of Declaration, to the following Efteft;: That Engagements entered into by Treaties are not binding any further ihar those Treaties are religiobfty observed by the coritrafting. Parties oh all Sides: That when the King of England shall have caused Satisfaction to be given, upon the Repeated Complaints that have been made to him, of the Infractions of those very Treaties, of which he now demands the Performance (which Violations were committed by his Orders), his most Christian Majesty will then explain himself upon the Demand now made by Mr. ThdmpjoH, in the Name of his Britannic Majesty. The Words, as I wrote them down in Monsieur Amelofi Presence, and from his own Mouth, are,4t Les Engagemens portes par " lfes Traifos n’obligent qu’autant qu’ils font religicufement observes de part & d'autre. Quand le Roy " d’Angleterre aura salt Raison des Plaintes qui lut ont " site pottees it plusieurs Reprises, au Sujet des Contra-

" venrions

i Geo.. IT.

ventions' commifes par fesOrdres, centre Ies memes " Trails qu’il reclame; fa Majestie trfe Chretienne don-

nera pour lors des Eclairciffemens fur la Demande faite u par Monsieur Thompson db la part db Roy de la " Grande Bretagne."

Monsieur Amelot made some little Difficulty at first to let me take this down in Writing, because. the Demand, he said, had been made only verbally: To which I replied, it was true; neither did I ask him to give me any thing in Writing; but as this seemed to be of.great Consequence, I desired Leave to write it. down, to help my Memory.

The Information, upon Oath, of Captain Alexander Ridley, Matter of one of his Majesty’s Packet Boats at Dover:

Who faith, that he failed from Dover on Tuesday the 14th instant, and arrived the same Day at Calais. Upon his Arrival there, he was ordered to hawl his Vessel into a Place called Paradise, where seized and condemned Vessels usually lie: That several English Merchant Ships were the same Day ordered into the same Place: That* on Friday the 17th, the English Mail from Paris arrived at Calais; upon which, this Informant applied, to the Pott-master of Calais, to know Whether he might proceed with it to England; who told him, he would ask the Governor; and soon after acquainted him he mutt not go to England; That, on the same Day, Hammond the Meflen-ger arrived from Paris with Dispatches from Mr. Thompson, and went to the Governor, to know whether he might proceed to England; which he was not permitted to do: That, on Saturday the 18th, the said MefTcnger delivered, in a private Manner, to this Informant, Mr. Thomp~ fons Dispatches, which he immediately concealed in a very private Place on board his Vessel. That, on Monday or Tuesday last, another English Mail arrived at Calais; upon which, the Post-master came to this Informant, and asked him whether he would fail with the Mails for England-y which, he said, he was ready to do; but the Mails Were not delivered to him till the next Day; viz. IVed-\iefday: That, on the same Day, between Two and Three o’Clock in the Afternoon, a File of Mufqueteers, with some Officers, came on board, and searched his Vessel very strictly; and particularly asked him whether he had not the English Messenger’s Dispatches for the Duke of Newcastle on board ? which he denied: That this Informant asked the Commandant, whether the Messenger might not proceed to England f which the Commandant said he might do. Upon which, this Informant sent his Mate to acquaint the Messenger with it, and to desire him to come on board; but as the Messenger was preparing to come on board, he was stopt on the Quay by the Commandant, and others, who asked him for his Dispatches; but he told them he had no Dispatches, only a few private Letters, which he shewed them: That, upon this, the Mate returned on board, and having acquainted this Informant, that the Messenger was detained, he immediately put to Sea, and arrived the same Night, past 12 o'Clock, at Dover; from whence he immediately lent his Vessel, with*his Mate, to Sir John Norris in the Downs, to acquaint him with what he had observed and heard at Calais

This Informant further faith, that he heard, whilst he was at Calais, that there were between 20 and 30 Transports in Dunkirk Road: That Seven or Eight final 1 Men of \yar were also there, and 16 more Men of War expected: That there were several Dunkirk Pilots still at Gz-lais, and several Captains of French Merchant Men taken up to serve as Pilots on board the Fleet: That it was <he common Talk at Calais, that Fifteen thousand Men were to be embarked on board the Transports, in order to make a Descent upon some Part of his Majesty's Dominions; and that Part of the said Troops were already embarked, and the rest embarking: That Four Battalions of French Foot marched on Monday last from Calais to Dunkirk, in order, as was said publicly at Calais, to be embarked at Dunkirk: That, amongst the Troops

Vol. 24.

S87

embarking, and to be embarked, there were some Dragoons, who carried their Bridles and Saddles with them, but not their Horses: That some said, the Landing was to be in Kent, others in Scotland: That Count Saxe arrived at Calais on Tuesday the 14th instant (on which Day the Embargo was laid at Calais^ Boulogne, and Dunkirk), and went to Dunkirk, as thisInformant was told, the Saturday following, in order to take upon him the Command of the Troops designed for the Invasion: That there werefeve-ral Irish Officers, and others, in Company with Count Saxe-, amongst which there was a person, whom this Informant; saw upon the Quay, and who was said by the French there to be the Pretender’s eldest Son, and whom they called publicly the Chevalier, and seemed to pay him a great* deal of Respect: That the said Person is a tall slim young Man, of about 24 Years of Age-: That the Examinant could not fee his Face distinctly; and that there was another young Man in Company with him, who was said to be his Brother.

This Informant further faith, that he was told, the Transports at Dunkirk were not victualled for more than Four or Five Days: That there was a Ship loading at Calais with Provisions for the Fleet: That they had heard1 of the Embargo laid upon Provision in Ireland, at which they expressed great Concern and Resentment: That it was the common Report at Calais, that there had been an Action in the Mediterranean between Admiral Mathezvs's Squadron and the French and Spanish Squadrons: That this Informant heard a Letter read, but docs not remember the Date of Time or Place, which was written to a French Officer by his Brother, who, as this Informant heard, lives near Toulon; in which he fays, that he saw several French Ships without Masts.

This Informant further faith, that, on Friday or Satur* day last, an Englishmen was brought from Dunkirk to Ca*> lais, where he is confined; the Occasion of his Imprisonment is said to be his having hired a French Vessel to bring Dispatches to England: That this Person is supposed to be Mr. Laye, his Majesty’s Agent at Dunkirk.

February 24th, T74L Alexander Ridley.

Sworn before me,

Holies, Newcastle.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prdehted to his Majesty, That he jwi 11 be graciously pleased, in this dangerous and critical Conjuncture of Affairs, when this Nation is threatened with an Invasion by a French Power, in favour of a Popish Pretender to his Crown, to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, in such Manner as he shall think proper and necessary; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good all such Expences as his Majesty shall be at, for the Defence of his iacred Person, and for the Security of these Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty.by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

24® Febrmrii.

Correspondence respe&-ing the Pretender and his intended Invasion.

Addiefs oil die threatened Invasion*

Supply.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

tl 1

A»swer to Address.

Rutherglen

Writ.

Leave of Absence,

Ditto,

Cannals G*te, &c. Roads.

Land Tax Arrears.

588 250 — 270 Februarii. A. 1743*

Sabbatic 25* afc Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased, in this dangerous and critical Con-jun&ureof Affairs, when this Nation is threatened with an Invasion by a French Power, in favour of a Popish Pretender to his Crown, to Augment his Forces by Sea and Land, in such Manner as he shall think proper and necessary; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good all such Expences as his Majesty shall be at, for the Defence of his sacred Person, and for the Security of these Kingdoms), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

His Majesty thanks his faithful Commons for their dutiful and affectionate Address. The best Return he can make them for the Confidence they repole in him, is to assure them, that no further Expence shall be brought upon his People, on this Occasion, than what shall be found absolutely necessary for the Defence and Security of these Kingdoms, and for the Preservation of our happy Constitution.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Ruthergleu, Glasgow, RenfreWy and Dumbarton, in the room of Neill Buchanan Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir William Mortice have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Blagrave have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Leve/on Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Litchfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogley-hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Litchfield; and for repairing the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Namptwich, to the City of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJohed,'Y\ux the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I^unce^ 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for Taxes, attended at the Door;

They were called In; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have beep had to compel the Payment thereof: And also.

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year j and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Portman have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for the Recovery of his Health. AbfcDce.

Mr. Robert Williams reported from the Committee, to HopW’t whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Name. Act to enable Randle HopJey of Overton, in the County of Chester, Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Dod, pursuant to the Will ot William Dod Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, to Westminfb whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge. Bridge at Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition *, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

WheTe the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts of Parliament, made in the 9th, 10th, nth, i 2th, and 13th, Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, foe building a Bridge at Westminster, were laid before the Committee; and several Ciaules in the said Acts were read; whereby it appeared, that several Persons were appointed Commissioners for designing, erecting, ordering, and building such Bridge, and for maintaining, preserving, and supporting the fame, when built; and, by the said several Afl$, they were impowered to make, design,

and

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whofri Cannacd the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, White Sheet living near, and usually travelling through, the Road HMRaad* leading from the Top of White'Sheet Hill, in the County of Wilts, to a Place called the Bound Stone, in the great Western Road leading to Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorjei, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. Henry Glover:

Who said, That the Road leading from the Top of White Sheet Hill to a Place called the Bound Stone aforesaid, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is, in the Winter Season, very ruinous and bad; so that Travellers cannot pass and repass with Safety; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and made commodious for all Passengers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Place called the Bound Stone, in the Parish o{Cann,\n the County of Dorset, through the Town of Shaftesbury, to Bozo Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the said County, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill to the Bound Stone aforesaid.

17 Geo. H. 270 FebruaflL

5§P

and lay out such Ways, Streets and Passages, as they so awarded, and not answerable for any Damage* which Wdlmiafter I'hould find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each rnay happen to such Estates, subsequent to the Time of n Side the ftjver Thames* to arid from the said intended the Jury’s Verdict.

Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parlia- And he added, that if such Parts of the said A As were and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and pur- explained and amended, the Commissioners will be enf chafe, such Houses and Ground within certain Limits, by abled to execute the Trusts reposed in them in a more the said several Acts prescribed, as they should find necef- easy, effectual, and less expensive, Manner than they can fary for them to be possessed of at present otherwise do.

Then the following Witness was called; via. Sit Jo* Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Jeph Ayloffe Baronet i Who being examined, said, That following Resolutions $ viz.

the said Cortimissioners have purchased several Houses and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Parcels of Ground, for opening, widening, and render- That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations fog convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages, and of this Petition.

have begun to open and widen the same; but some Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Doubts and Difficulties have arisen in the Execution of That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to such Parts of the said Acts, as relate to the Method to be explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the pursued by them inpurchasing, and becoming possessed Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his pre-uf, Houses and Estates for the said Purposes. sent Majesty* for giving further Powers to the Commis-

And he further said, that, by the Act of the 12th of sioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, frorh Iris present Majesty, Evidences were to be sent for, r£lat- the City of Westmitifler to the opposite Shore, in the ing to the Titles of Estates, after such Estates have been County of Surrey; and for making the said Acts more ef-valued by a Jury, and the Sums awarded; which was fedual.

found inconvenient; and therefore endeavoured to be re- - Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to medied by an Act of the 13th of his present Majesty, explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the where Power is given to the Commissioners to send to Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his prefect Persons, who they should think to have any T'tle Deeds Majesty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners or Writings, which they shall think necessary for their for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Information, to attend them within Seven Days before City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County the Meeting of a Jury, to be produced on Oath; but the of Surrey; and for making the said Acts more effectual: laid Ad directing, that Notice in Writing shall be given And that the Lord Perceval\ Sir John Crosse, Mr, Plump-to the Person or Persons interested, at lead Twenty Days tre, and Mr. Edwin, do prepare, and bring in, the before the Time of Assessment, declaring the Time and fame.

Place of the Meeting of the said Commissioners and

Jury; the intended Remedy is thereby rendered aimost' Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to tflecknoc intirely ufelefe; for the Notice being to be given Thir- whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Incl°rur* teen Days before the Commissioners can inspect the Title, Fields called Flecknoe, in the County of Warwick, into it is impossible for them to know all the Parties interested -just Allotments and Proportions, was committed. That in any particular Estate, till after the Time limited for the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bifl, giving Notice is expired; therefore proper Notice cannot and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-bc given to the Persons interested, within the Time limit- cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-ed (or that Purpose. faction of the Committee (except Edmund Masters, who

And he also said, that the Commissioners are not, by hath Two Yard-lands and a Half, Thomas White and his any of the before-mentioned Acts, impowered to lend for Brother, who have a Quarter Yard-land each, Henry Title Deeds, but when the Estate, to which such Deeds Lowke, who hath One-half Yard-land, John Chambers, relate, is to be valued by a Jury; so that, in case the Per- who hath a Quarter Yard-land, Widow Rawbone, pot* son or Persons interested, should be willing to agree for the fefted of some odd Lands, not amounting to One Quarter Sale of, and to convey, his or their Estate or Estates to the Yard-land, and the Widow Harris, who hath One Yard-Commissioners, and make out a clear Title thereto, with- land; but that all the said Parties have been apprised of out putting the Commissioners to the Trouble and Charge the intended Inclosure, and have had Copies of the Bill of impanelling a Jury, but, by any Accident, should have delivered unto them; and that none of them appeared lei t the Whole, or any Part, of the Title, in the Hands before the Committee to oppose the fame); and that the o( a Third Person, who, though not anywise interested Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several in such Estate, may, in Hopes of some pecuniary or other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Advantage to himself, refuse to produce them, the Com- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his missioners, in such Case, must afiefs the Estate by the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Verdict of a Jury, and pay the Purchase-money into the ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Bank of England; which is an unnecessary Expence to were once read throughout; and then a Second time, the Commissioners, and may be a great Hardship upon one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-the Party or Parlies, who is or are willing, though un- upon, were agreed to by the House. able, to make out a clear Title, and to convey such Estate. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amend ments, be And he likewise said, that the before-mentioned Acts, ingossed. of the 12th and 13th Years of his present Majesty, di-

red, that ail Verdict?, Adjudications, and Receipts of Ordered, That Mr. Proby, Mr. Mitchel, Mr. Thomas East the Cashiers of the Bank for the Deposits of Purchase- Gore, Mr. Montague, Mr. Winford, Mr. Pytts, be Langton.fcc. money awarded by a Jury for Lands in the County of added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for con- £omrao&

Surrey, shall be transmitted to, and kept among the Re- firming an Agreement made to exchange certain Rights t,# cords of, the Quarter Sessions of that County; so that, in of Common in the Parishes of East Langton, West Lang-case a Verdict is given for an Estate at the time of, or soon ton. Church Langton, and Thorp Langton, in the County after the Close of a Quarter Sessions, such Verdict and of Leicester, and for settling a yearly Sum, to be paid Bank Receipt cannot be entered on Record, until the next to the Rector of West Langton, and his Successors, in lieu Q uarter Sessions, or the Commissioners put intoPossession of Tythes; is committed, of such Estate; whereby great Damage may accrue to

them, by such Estate’s being pillaged before they can Mr. Croxvle reported from the Committee, to whom Kinafton Nget into Possession; and they have no Remedy; for, as he the Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of upon Hull apprehends, the Commissioners cannot have the Estate Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Hoad, valued by a Jury de novo; and the Venders looking upon Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the themselves as well intitled to the whole Purchase-money, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Vol. 24.

and

Ritter’s

Nat.

Eveftiim

Roads.

s«. . -

I.

Clarke's

Name.

PunUhing Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply.

Recruiting the Lrna Forces.

l-j" — 18° PebrutXrii.

.1743.

and found $re fameto be true; and that the Cofnmittee kad gbtie’thtbiigh the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hotife; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih at the Cleri^s Table: Where the Amendments were once Tead throxrghout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, were agreed roby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-rgrofled. '

Mr. William Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Lorentz Bafiian Bitter, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in: at the Cleric's Table.

An ingrossed fell for continuing the Term and Powers

franted by an Act, passed in the First: Year of his present fojestyV Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Road* leading to and from the Borough tofEVejhatn, in the Chunty of Worcester; and for making the feme more effectual; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First: Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing dnd amending fevefaY Roads leading to and from the Borough tif Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhttrfl do carry the Bill to The Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

- Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom ' the ingfofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stnvart, pursuant to the Will of James Stewart, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee haddiredled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the feme was received; and read the First:

' time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House o tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j The House resolved itself into aCdrtimictee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and feffectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at Wat took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ghair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gohe through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes. day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 28" die Februarii; . ’

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

SIR John Rufhout presented to the House, pursuant to Itfueof their Order, an Account of wl\at Money has been of- M°"e> for dered by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners ^yfccl of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by the Treasurers of the Navy, from the 31st December 174a* to the 31st December 1743; distinguishing the Times when the feme Was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to.'be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hoplev’i

Name!

Ckrke\

Name.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to enable Randle Hopley of Overton, in the County of defier. Gentleman, and hislffue, to take and use the Surname of Dod, pursuant to the Will of William Dod Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Williams do carry the Bill 1 to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart - Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stewart, pursuant to the Will of James Stewart, deceased, was read the Third tiipe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, That some other Amend- Poor Laws* ments are proper to be made to the Bill for remedying-some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bili be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Punishing the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, Mutiny and was read a Second time. Delation.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine oiLancafier, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fpnd fora Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the UniYerlities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act to

I. prevent Market, &c*

Affidavit* in the Courts of the County of Lancaster,

Scotch Mi miters Widow*,

i^ Geo.II. l8# Februarii ggt

prevent the Committing of Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Town and Borough of Nezv Mai-toU, in the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jtirter'i Nat. An irfgrolTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Lorentz Baftian Ritter, was read the Third; time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Batikds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Privilege. A Petition of Roderick Rickards, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was adjudged to be guilty Of a Breach of Privilege against Thomas Pryfe Esquire, a Member of this House; and re-prefeoting to the House, that the said Offence proceeded from Inadvertency and Ignorance, the Petitioner being about Sixteen Years of Age when the Fast was committed; and acknowledging and expressing hisSorrow for his said Offence: Ana praying the House to take his same into their Confederation; and to order him to be drfeharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Levant A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Trade. chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King James\he First, by his Letters Patent, hearing Date the 14th Day of December, in the Third Year of his Reign (reciting as therein is mentioned), did grant to several Persons therein named, and to their Sons, atad all other Merchants as should then after, from time tio time, be admitted, or made free of the said Company, that they should be One Fellow ship, and One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trad i ng i nto the Levant Se ts, and by that Name should have perpetual Succession 5 and that there should be a Governor of the said Company, Deputy Governor, and Eighteen Af&stants, who are to be elected annually, and sworn to the due Discharge of their said Offices; and are to settle and manage all things concerning the good Rule, State, and Government, of the said Company, who were to receive into their Freedom all Persons, Subjects of the Realm, being Merchants, and under the Age of Twenty six Years, or not out of their Apprenticeship, on their requiring the same within the Time therein limited, and paying to the Company, at their Admittance, Twenty-five Pounds; and all Subjects, being Merchants, and above Twenty^six Years of Age, who should, at any time after the Time limited by the Charter, demand the fame, on paying Fifty Pounds; and all the Sons of such Freemen, and all their Apprentices, were to be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company on Payment of Twenty Shillings only; and several Privileges are granted, by the said Letters Patent, to the said Company; and that his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2d Day of April. in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, after reciting the said Letters Patent of King James the First, was graciously pleased to ratify and confirm the and did further direct, that no Person, residing within Twenty Miles of London (except Noblemen, and Gentlemen of Quality), should be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company, or have any Benefit of the Privileges thereof, unless they be made Free of the City of London: And further setting forth, That the said Company, confiding in the said Royal Charters, and in their Enjoyment of the Liberties and Privileges thereby granted to them, have ever fitice carried on a very confix derable Trade to the Levant Seas, in the Course of which they have yearly exported to Turkey very large Quantities of the Woollen and other Manufactures of Great Britain, and brought back, in Return, large Quantities of Raw Silk, Mohair, Yarn, and other unmanufactured Cortimo-. Vojl. 24.

dities, to be wrought up and manufactured here, to the great Benefit and Advantage of this Nation; and have likewise been at a very great and considerable Expence, both annually and otherwise, in supporting the Charge of an Ambassador at Constantinople, and of Consuls in Turkey:'

That they have also been at a very large Expence in obtaining and renewing the necessary Capitulations with the Ottoman Porte, for the Establishment and Security of the said Trade; and have been at a very great Charge in making considerable Settlements at Constantinople, Aleppo, and Smyrna, in erecting and purchasing Houses, as welt for the Use of the Ambassador and Consuls, as of the several Houses of Business they are under a Necessity of having the re, for the better carrying on and managing the said Trade, and in supporting Agents and Factors, and many other Charges depending thereon; and have likewise a great Property now lying in Turkey: And repre-fenting to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend* that the Bill now depending in this House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, will, if the same should pass into a Law, deprive the Petitioners of the Liberties and Privileges granted by the said Royal Charters, greatly affect the Petitioners in their Properties, and very much distress (if not occasion the total Loss to this Nation of) the Turkey Trade, to the great Prejudice of tjiofe Two most valuable Branches of the British Commerce,* the Woollen and Silk, as well as other, Manufactures; and also of the general Trade and Navigation of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill; and that the same may not be patted into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said.

Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Sevennight.

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted the.House, The House That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this informed of House, that his Majesty having Cause to suspect that th* Ar*ft James Earl of Barrymore, a Member of this House, is cm guilty of treasonable Practices, has caused him to be apprehended, upon a Suspicion of High Treason.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, fof communicating to this House the Reason which has induced his Majesty to cause the Earl of Barrymore, a Member of this House, to be apprehended; and to desire, that his Majesty will detain and secure the said Earl.

The House was moved, That the Communication madg to the House, upon the 13th Day of March 1722, of the Apprehending of Dr. John Friend, then a Member of this House, and the Address of the House to the King thereupon; and also the Communication made to the *

House, upon the 21st Day of September 1715, of the Order given for apprehending Sir William Wyndham, Sir John Packington, Mr. Edward Harvey l'enior, of Combe#

Mr. Thomas Forfter junior, Mr. John Anftis, and Mr.

Corbet Kinafton, and the Address of the House to the King thereupon, might be read.

And the Journal of the House, in relation to those Proceedings, being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for communicating to this House the Reason which has induced his Majesty to cause the Earl of Barrymore, a Member of this House, to be apprehended; and to desire, that his Majesty will detain and secure the said Earl.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The

59?

Detention of The House was moved, That the Act, made in the suspected Thi rty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles iheSecond, Perfooi. intituled, An Act for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas; and also an Act of Parliament of Scotland, of the 31st of January 1701, intituled. Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials, might be read.

And the said Acts being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and d'etain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Mr. Attorney General accordingly presented to the House a Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,iTha.t the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.. The Order of the Day being read;

aFlcefthe Resolved> That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of Iris Majesty’s Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercurii, 2g° die Februarii j

Anno 17* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

Lerant A PETITION of the Merchants, principal Traders, Trade. and others, of the Town of Wakefield, and Parts

adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York^v:as presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend that the giving of Leave to all his Majesty’s Subjects to trade into the Levant Seas> would tend to the Advantage of Trade in general, and contribute to revive the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures to 'Turkey: And therefore praying, That the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seasy may be passed into a Law, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Dee A Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Kavigatior. Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and ^reserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, Nathanael Kinder ley > his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, were appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation, and impowered, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and keep the said River Dee navigable, from the Sea, to a certain Point within the Liberties of the said City of Chfier, called Wilcox Point, in such manner as in the said Act is mentioned, for Ships and Vessels to come and go to and from the said City; and the said Nathanael Kinderley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, had further Powers granted them by the said Act, as therein mentioned; and, as a Recompence for their making the said River navigable, they were by the said Act impowered, so soon as the said River was made navigable, to take and receive such Duties and Tonnage as

1743

in the said Act are mentioned; arid certain Lands,-Marshes, Salt-grass, and other Lands, in the said Act mentioned, were thereupon vested in the said Under-, takers, to and for their proper Use, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned, as in and by the said Act of Parliament will more fully appear: That the said Undertakers, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities granted by the said recited Act, cut a new Channel, for the said River Dee, through the adjacent Marshes, several Miles in Length, and made a Dam, and set Sluices, aerpfs the old Channel, and turned the said River into the said.nevyfChannel, Jthrough which the said Navigation hath since been carried on; in doing which, the Undertakers expended great Sums of Money; and the said Undertakers have, from the 25th of March 1740, received and collected the Rates of Tonnage granted by the said Act: That by a subsequent Act of Parliament, made in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dec> the said Undertakers were incorporated, and had fevqral Powers given them for the better managing the said Undertaking: That the Petitioners having found by Experience, that the Rates of Tonnage, granted to the said Undertakers by the first-mentioned Act, are too high, and; a Discouragement to the Trade of the said City; the Petitioners therefore requested the said Undertakers, that the same may, by Authority of Parliament, be repealed; and that, inlieu thereof;Other.anddelsTonnage or Keelage-rates may be granted to the said Undertakers; to winch the said Undertakers have assented: That the Petitioners apprehend it will be for the common Good, and an Encouragement to the said Undertaking: That the said recited Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Fourteenth.

Years of his. Majesty’s Reign, should be explained and amended in several other Particulars, the better to enable the said Undertakers to maintain, and preserve the said Navigation, and the Works already made, and such other Works as may be necessary for preserving the said Navigation: And praying. That; Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the Tonnage-rates payable as aforesaid to the said Undertakers, and for granting to the said Undertakers other Tonnage or Keelage-rates in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending the said Acts of Parliament of the Sixth and Fourteenth Years of his Majesty’s Reign; in such manner as this House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee., in general.Court assembled; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Chefiery whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade of the said City; are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Trade with House, an Account of what Quantities of Woollen Ma- Turkey, nufactures have been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of raw Silk has been imported from Turkey) from Christmas 1740, tQ Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey') from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom East the Bill for confirming an Agreement made to exchange certain Rights of Common, in the Parishes of East Lang- C?*Vm0# ton, WeJl Langton, Church LangtoU) and Thorpe LangtoU) R,*ht, T

to

28’- — 2 90

Canne Road.

Preventing Frauds by Brewers Servants.

17 Geo. II. 290 Februarii. 593

in the County of Leicester; and for settling a yearly Sum in the Road to Sherborn, in the said County, was com-to be paid to the Rector of West Langton, and his Sue- mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega-cessors, in lieu of Tythes; was committed. That the Com- tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that mitteehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made fe-the same to be true; and* that the Parties concerned had veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Committee; and that the Committee had gone through his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question Amendment was made by the House to the Bill, put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingossed. ingossed,

Mr. Gafltry presented to the House, pursuant to their Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Order, an Account of the Charge for TranspoYt Service, the Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Place called for the Year 1743.

the Bound Stone, in the Parish of Came, in the County of And the Title of the said Account was read.

Dorset, through the Town of Shaftesbury, to Bow Bridge, The said Account isasfolloweth; viz.

Navy Office, the 21 & February 1743. Ax ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1743: Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17th Instant.

Nature of the Expence.

Suim.

£ s. d.

12,029 14 —

98 2 3

64 5 —

5.419 2 9

1,569 11 4

86 19 —

328 10 5

179 18 1

544 18 9

139 >3

*4 3 —

TOTAL

On the Head of Transports employed in the West Indies.

Freight -

Salary to the Agent and his Clerk -

Pilotage of Transports ——

On the Head of Transports employed in carrying Forces to Flanders.

Freight ——

Charge of Horse Hammacoes, and Stores, supplied, to, and of Cabins, Stalls, and other Conveniences, built on board, the Transports; with the Expence of surveying them -Wharfage and other Charges attending the Embarkation of the Forces at Northfleet and Gravesend -

Pilotage of the Transports to Flanders, and back - - -.

Harbour Pilotage, and Port Charges, on debarking the Forces abroad Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Requisites, Hire of Sloops and Lighters for putting the same on board, and other necessary Charges on that

Occasion -.....-

Salary to the Person employed as Agent for this Embarkation

On the Head of Transports employed in carrying Forces to Gibraltar and Mahon, and bringing others from thence; viz.

Charge of Bedding - ....

s

The whole amounting to the Sum of Twenty thousand Four hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence. =a

d.

12,192 1 3

8,268 13 4 14

20,474 *7 7

Rd. Haddock.,

J. Clevland,

J. Fawler, Alexander Geddes,

Ja. Acworth, Will. Corbett, Inm. Compton, F. Gajhry.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Daniel Lambert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and others, from felling, pawning, and making-away with. Barrels, Casks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. Voi, 24.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for communicating to this House, the Reason which has induced his Majesty to cause the Earl of Barrymore, a Member of this House, to be apprehended; and to desire that his Majesty will detain and secure the said Earl) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty wasplcafed to receive the same very graciou/ly.

A Bill for continuing and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Cannals Gate to the City of 'Litchfield, and 7 M from

Transport Service.

Answer to Address.

Cannals Gate, Ice. Road.

St. Martin’s and M. Michael’s Fin-cham Parochial Union.

Schutz’s Grant of Shotover,&c,

Chappel on the Heath Road.

594

from the said City to Slone; and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Pod Road towards Chester j and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield; and from thence to Wood-end and Ogle-hay y and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Litchfield; and for repairing the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Namptwich, to the City of Chester; was read'a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. War bur ton. Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Walter Wag. Bagot, Sir Janies Grant, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Limerick, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Brand, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Yorke, IV^r. Cope, Lord Doneraile. Sir John PhilippsMr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. M‘Kye, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord Barrington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Carter, Mr. 'Gwynne, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Grenville, Sir James Da/hwood, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Scot, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Winford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Chester, Lancaster, Cumberland, Westmoreland; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, Intituled, An Act for uniting the Vicarage of Fine ham St. Marlin's and Rectory of Fine ham St. Michael's, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the same: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed tb the Bill,;intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Part of the Forest of Shotover and Stowood, in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trust for Augustus Schulz Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

29* Febru

} 't

A. 1743.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St. Martini for uniting the Vicarage of Fincliam St. Martins and and St.Mi-Rectory of Fincliam St. Michael's, in the County of chad’s Fm-Norfo/k; and for settling the Right of Presentation to gh?Union, the fame; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Yeaui744, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee, had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to.report to the House; and he read the Report in'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest, with Amend-'nients to several of them, were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

P

ft

Ways and Meant;

Supply;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grafited to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the.Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Detention of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against: his Person and Government;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve

Harlow

Roac*.

ShipHon

Toll-gate

Road*.

Flecknoe

Inclosure.

Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlpzu Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of 'Great 'Chesterford, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, paired in' the Third, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to tpake tb? feme more effectual; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields called Flecknoe, in the County of Warwick, into just Allotments and Proportions, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields called Flecknoe, in the Parish of Wolfhampcoal, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

16

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,«

Lord Barrington,

Admiral Vernon: s

Lord Baltimore.

Sir George Oxenden. s

83.

181.

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Attorney General accordingly reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill;, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, writh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then ,4 Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inr grolfed.

' The

17 Geo. II. 290 Februarii. — i* ^595

The other Order of the Day being read;

Manning Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

the Fleet, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Mar tit;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

M AN ingrossed Bill for confirming an Agreement made

Common*0' to exc^an Sc certain Rights of Common in the Righti. Parishes of East Langton, West Langton, Church Langton,

and Thorpe Langton, in the County of Lei after;, and for settling a yearly Sum to be paid to the Rector of West Langton, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do'pals: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming an Agreement made to exchange certain Rights of Common in the Parish, Town-ships, or Hamlets, of East Langton, West Langton, Church Langton, and Thorpe Langton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling a yearly Sum to be paid to the Rector of ’ the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes.

' Ordered\ That Mr. Fellowes do carry the" pill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Laws re- Sir Daniel Lambert reported from the Committee, to Trimty0 whom the Petition of the Pilots licensed by tl^e Corpo-j

Pilots. ration of Trini ty House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, whose, Names are thereunto subscribed,' on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said licensed Pilots, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the.House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 3th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation and- Government- of Pilots licensed by the Cprporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent", and to pteverU Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames, below London Bridge, was produced; whereby it is enacted, That if any Person shall take upon himself the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, as Pilot, within the Limits described in the Bill, other than such Persons as shall be licensed to act as Pilots by the Corporation of Trinity House; every Person being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or the Counties of Middlefez, Efex, Kent, or Surrey, within their respective Juiiidiftions, in the Manner prescribed in the Act, shall forfeit £. 20. (the Matters or Owners of Ships in the Coal Trade and qthejr Coasting Trade^excepfed)kj and1 Liberty is given* fof Petfoqs, who think themselves aggrieved by such JudgpVent, to ^ppeal to the Justices at the next Quarts Sessions for the County, City, or Place, wherein, such Offence shall be committed, who are to hear and determine the same; andhhe said Act di-rests, that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, shall be applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the Corporation of Trinity House.

Mr. William Bedford, Attorney at Law, being examined, said. That he had been concerned for the licensed Pilots in the Prosecution of several Persons for Offences contrary to the said Act; but the Persons convicted, upon their Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, not being obliged to give Security for Payment of the Penalty, in case the Judgment appealed from should be affirmed; and also, by reason of Expence in carrying on Prosecutions to obtain final Judgments, the Act is by those Means evaded;

Vol. 24.

and that, in Three Instances, where Appeals had beet! brought in the County of Middlesex, the Pilots recovered only one Fine: ,

That Endeavours have been used to prosecute Persons for the same Offences committed in the Town of Gravesend\ but the Justices of the Peace of that Corporation having, by the Act, no Jurisdiction in this Cafe, and it being difficult to get Two Justices for the County of Kent to convict Offenders there, by reason of the Distance of their Residence from the said Town, and from each other, Offenders frequently escape without Punishr ment. J \

Francis Lilly, licensed Pilot, said, that there are about 80^or 90 licensed Pilots employed beyond Gravesend.:

That Foreigners, particularly Danes, have refused to take the Witness as a Pilot; and that they frequently pilot their own Ships (but not any others) up and down 0 the River.

Mr. John Whormby, Secretary to the Corporation of Trinity House, being examined,; confirmed what Mr.

Bedford said, with regard to the Acts being evaded, by reason of the Manner in which an Appeal is granted.

William Richards said, that he keeps the Accounts of the Money collected for, and distributed to, Pilots in the Time of Sickness, or other Disability, and to the Widows of Pilots: That about 51 of the said Pilpt^.have voluntarily entered into an Agreement to maintain^their own Poor; and that they allow 8s. per Week to.J&qif

Sick, and £.4. for their Funeral, and 20 sh per Month to the Widows of those who have subscribed to the said Agreement. . ' ' ‘ # <y. ‘ /,

Mr*. Bedford being again examined,-said, that Maftei| of Ships have complained of the Wages of Pilo^not being settled. . ’ ,

Several Merchants, who attended the Committee, being called in, and asked the Question, whether they had any Objection.to have the Pilots Wages ascertained ? said y that they had none, provided that no new Burthen might be laid upon Trade.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, io much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,. intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government <jf Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent; and to prevent Mischiefsand; Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge; as relates to the said licensed Pilots; and to ascertain the Wages to be taken by such Pilots for their Pilotage; and that Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne, Sir Nathanael Curzon, the Lord Baltimore-, and Vige Admiral Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham, . Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Bristow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Pe- Navigation*

tition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking

for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River

Dee, in General Court assembled; and also the Petition

of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Chester,

whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, on behalf of t'heoji-

selves, and all others concerned in the Trade rof the said

City Land, also the Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of

the City of Cltefter\ are referred.

A Billfor extinguishing a Right of Common^ claimed Rippon, &c. by, and' belonging to, the Owners and Piopneiors of Inclosuro antient Burgages and Tenements in Rippon, Liitlvthorp, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right* ' was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Torke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Walker, Sir John Ruftiout, Mr. Selvtyn, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Pelham, Sir John Crojfe, Dv. Cotes, Sir Daniel Lambert,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Onslow, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Corn avail, Mr. Page, Sir

Jof

596

2° Martii.

A. 1743-

Jof. Pennington, Lord. Dupplin, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Shuttlezvortk> Mr. Holmes, Lord Perceval, Mr. Fo/Vy, Sir Cttfty Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Bankes, Lord Mr. Gregory, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir P/i/-Zr^r, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fellowcs, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Proby, Mr. denham; and all the Members who serve for the County of Fonfr: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Pil/worth have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

County

Elections.

Taking the A Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections Poll at of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Tfue/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Detention of suspected Personi.

An ingossed Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Personsas his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill, to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence,

Lough- Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House, accoyd-borough ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing and making Road, more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Bra/fington, in the said County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe House, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Punishing The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Mutiny md Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punish-crUon’ ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Monson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

DetentitB af The ^or^s .^ave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act suspected to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons Eerfofii. as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, without any Amendment: And also,

Evcfhaiu Road*.>

Cafwair*

Name*.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve/ham, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Ca/wall Gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall; and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Whitehall, in pursuance of the Will of Giles Whitehall, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Common and Waste Ground called Ba/sle-don Heath, in the County of Berks: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the capital Messuage at Roughampton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Bagnall Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preventing whom the Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Ser- £rauds by vants, and others, from felling, pawning, and making-away with. Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, was committed, betaken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Baftledo*

Heath

Inclosurfc

Bagaall’ji

Estateht

t:

Ordered, That Mr. Norborne Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Governor* and Company of Mer- Levant, chants of England trading into the Levant Seas, do lay Trade, before this House, the by-laws of the said Company.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 29 die Martii;

Anno I7f Georgii Ildi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Horne, from Greenwich the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended. at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital of what Money has been received from th© Derwentwater Estate, between ift December 1742, and 30th November 1743; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth 1 viz.

17 Geo. II.

2° Martii.

597

- l ft March 1743.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, ct An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe" requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Pkn laid before the House of Commons-, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively 3

% The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, Do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received, between ift December 1742, and 30th November 1743, out of the £. s. d. Rents and Profits of the Estate - - - 6,165 *9 111

AS to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building *.

In Queen Mary’s Court,

The Attic Stories of the South and East Buildings are finished, fit to receive Cabins and Bedsj the Base Story of the South Building, and South East and South West Corner Rooms, are finishetl, and fitted up with Cabins, Chests, Bedsteads, and Fire Grates; the Base Story of the East Building, between the middle and new Scullery, is likewise finished; the Partitions between the Cabins, the Covering of the Bed-places, the Bed-places, the Bedsteads, Prefies, Chests,

Stools, Lockers, Tables, and Fire Grates, with Fenders, Tongs, Shovels, and Pokers, in the Base Story of the South Building, are finiftied, put in their Places, and brought to Account.

All which amount to the Sum of Two thousand Ninety-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence - 2,099 6 iO

The ordinary Works done this Year amount to the Sum of One thousand Four hundred and Fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence -

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on Account of Repairs between the ift December 1742, and 30th November 1743 ——

And, by Hercules Baker Esquire, Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest due to them on the Sum of £. 25,900, at £* 4 per Cent, which was advanced by them to pay off Incumbrances on the Derwentwater Eftare, for the like Sum; Part of which was at £. j, and the other at £. 6, per Cent. Interest -

1,415 16 6

3>5J5 3 4

230 12 2I

- 1,036 o o

By Order of the Commissioners.

Richard Horne.

Preventing frauds by Brewers Servants.

Studley Bridge, Scc. Road.

Galley Cor-Road.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by th£ Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into 1 further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and others, from felling, pawning, and making-a.way-with. Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, was committed, be i?o w read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iqgiofied.

Mr. Bayntun preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham-to Pickwick, in the said County: And; the same wasr received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secopd’ tirjte

of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mareham !« inclosing and dividing the Common called the Several Fenn Inclo-and the Moor, lying in the Manor and Parish of Mare- sure* ham le Fenn, in the County of Lincoln; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bafsledown inclosmg the Commonand Waste Ground called Heath Inclo-

Heath, in the County of Berks, was read the First time* urc* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Linen im-House, an Account of the Quantities of Linen imported Porte<*-from Holland, into that Part of Great Britain called England, under the Denominations of broad and narrow Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distin-guifhingeach Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Flax import-House, an Account of the Quantity of Flax imported into; C<J* that Part of Great Britain called England, for Seven Years, ending a; Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year.

A Meftage from the Lord& by Mr. Bonnet- and: Mr., Edwards.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BilJ, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign q{ his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish Vol. 24.

Mr. Monson, according to Order, reported from rhe> Punishing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pu- Mutiny and nishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment; Dc*eruon* of thei Army and their Quarters, was. committed j the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the Bill* and' which they bad directed him tO) report to the House; and he read the Report in.his Place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Anaendments, in at the Clerk'S;.

Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then.a Second)rime* one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

7 N Ordered,

Recruiting the Land Force*.

Mareham le Fcnn Inclosure.

Royal Assent to Bills.

598 2° Martii. J. 1743,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for inclosing and dividing the Common called the and the Moor, lying in the Manor and Parish of ham le Fenn, in the County of , was read the First time: And Mr. Speaker opened Part of the Bill.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles , Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers:

% Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aflfent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for the Service- of the Year 1744.

An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government:

An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction:

An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give public Notice of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the fame:

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made life of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to prevent the committing of Abuses in the weighing and packing of Butter in the Borough of New Maltonfm the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Crofnear the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cro/s, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rqiairing the Roads leading from a Gate called Shipston "Toll-gate, at Bridge Town, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and to make the same more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted fgr an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of in the County of (Vorcester; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters of the Universuies of St. Andrews, and

Edinburgh:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Duke of Beaufort with Frances Scudamore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Part of the Forest of Sbotover and Slowood, in the County of Oxford, to Trustees, in Trust for Schutz Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a lull and valuable Consideration to be*paid for the same:

An Act to enable Mr. John Carre of Cavers, Advocate, to fell Lands in the County of Roxburgh, for Payment of Debts charged thereon; and, with the Surplus Money (if any) to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold arc settled:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, called the North Field and South Field, in the Parish of tVefionbirt, in the County of Gloucester: t

An Act to enable Edward Stewart, lately called Edward Clarke, and James Stewart Stewart, lately called James Stewart Clarke, to take and use the Surname of Stewart, pursuant to the Will of James Stewart, deceased:

An Act to enable Randle Hopley, of Overton, in the County of Chester, Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and

use the Surname of Dod, pursuant to the Will of William Dod Esquire, deceased.

An Act to enable John Cafwall Gentleman, now called Giles Whitehall, to take and use the Christian and Surname of Giles Whitehall-, and also to enable his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Whitehall-, in pursuance of the Will of Giles Whitehall, . , deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Mary Countess of Wife of Robert Earl of Holdernesse.

An Act for naturalizing Andrew Templeman, John -Ion, Christian Moller, John Frederick Fries, and Peter de la Rive, of London, Merchants:

An Act to naturalize Lorentz Ritter:

An Act for naturalizing John Rudolph Thunn, of London, Merchant.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Residue of the ingrossed Mardun It Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and Fenn Iodo-dividing the Common called the Severais, and the Moor, urc' lying in the Manor and Parish of Mareham le Fenn, in the County of Lincoln.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Ways an* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of Ways and Means for raiGng the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Lance,

lif

Oi:

res:

Car

Cn

Bn

Bo

II-

it.

17 Geo. II.

5° Mar

599

h

> c

-'4,

N

F£

a;

* u

/->4

; :c.

lu*

r5

(I*

S*‘

.0®

Luries,50 *//<? Martii;

Anno 17° Georgii II1" Regis, 1743.

Bagnall’s

Estate.

Office of Coroner.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Capital Messuage at Rougbampton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Esquire.deceased;

and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Coroners for the County of Leicester, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and L iberties in this Kingdom of England \was presented to the House, and read i complaining of Difficulties which the Petitioners labour under in the Execution of their Office: And praying. That the Limits, Power, and'Nature, of the Office of Coroner, may be afCertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem right.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Caana Road. -An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Jload leading from a Place called the Bound Stone, in the Parish of , in the County of Dorset, through the Town of to

Bora Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of St. Andrew, in

the County of Wilts, through the Town of , to

Bow Bridge, in the Road to Sherborn, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Wal do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cherrill

Road.

Impress Service.

fc#,

He.

Yj:

lorft

Cranford Bridge, &c. Road.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the several Acts of Parliament, passed for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through Caine to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Biii, and found the same to be true; and rhat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabie: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gafhry presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order, an Account of the Expence of pressing Seamen for his Majesty's Navy, since the Commencement of the present War; distinguishing the Expence of each Year separately, under the several Heads to which the same is applicable.

And the Title of the said Account was rend.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Oo be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of :Middlesex to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, And

Vol. 24,

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Edwards, from Levant the Governor and Company of Merchants of England Trade, trading into the Levant Seas, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Register of the Orders of the said Company:

And he also acquainted the House, that he had brought with him, a Box, containing several Books of the . said Company; in which are entered the original. Orders, of which the said Register is a Copy.

' And then he withdrew.

He was again called in, and presented the said Box to the House.

.And, then he again withdrew.

" And, th'e Title of the said Register was read.

Ordered, That the said Rcgjfterdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

" OrdereA, That the Books contained in the said Box do remain in the Custody of the Clerk, to be perused by the-Members of the House.

C . 1 0 K

; Mr,. Brands Fane presented to the jHouse, according Supply Bill j to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty the -Surplus, on or Remainder, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the ints’ &c' Duties on Spirituous Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies^: And' the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Warburton reported from the Committee, to whom De? Naviga-

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the lrJn-’8atlon* dertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, in General Court assembled; and also' the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade of the said City j and also the Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester -, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read; whereby, after reciting the Causes by which the said Navigation was obstructed, it was enacted.

That Nathaniel Kinder ley, his Heirs, Assigns, and Nominees, should be appointed Undertakers of the said Navigation; and should be impowered, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and keep the said River navigable from the Sea to a certain point, called Wilcox Point, in the Manner therein mentioned; and, as a Retom pence foss making the said River navigable, they were impowered, lo soon as the said River was made navigable, to take and receive such Duties and Tonnage as are mentioned in the’

Act; and the white Sands, and other Lands in the said Act mentioned, were thereupon vested in the said Under-’ takers, to and for their proper Use, under the Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned.

And Mr. John Reynolds, Engineer, produced to the Committee a Map of the River Dee, with the adjacent Marshes; and informed the Committee, that, in pursu-a'nce of the before-mentioned Act, the Undertakers had

caused’

6oo

50 Martii. 1743.

t)ee Navtga- caused a new Chanel to be cut from Brewtrs tion. "Ten Miles in Length, and about a Hundred Yards

broad:

That the Navigation has been carried on through this Channel since April 17375 at which time, the Water was turned from its old course by a Dam and Sluices:

That the Proprietors completed their Undertaking before Lady-day 17405 since which time, there has a Tonnage Rate been paid to them by Vessels navigating; the said River.

Mr. St. Leger Phillips, Secretary to the Company of Proprietors for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Reynolds as to the Commencement of the Tonnage Duties 5 and produced to your Committee an Account, which, the "Witness said, he had extracted from, and examined with, the Company’s Books 5 by which it appeared, that the said Undertakers had expended, in carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and in making the Depofic of £. 10,000, directed by the said Act of Parliament, the Sum of £.56,461. 15J. 3ft. 5 and that the Tonnage received by them, on Account of the said Undertaking, amounted to no more than £..566. 9;. 3d.

Then the Act of the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River was read; whpreby it appeared, that the said Undertakers wpre incorporated, and had several Powers given them, for the better managing of the said Undertaking.

Then Mr. Edward Partington, a Citizen of , said. That the present Rates of Tonnage are too high, and a fiifcouragemeru to the Navigation of the said City; and that it will be for the Benefit of the City of Chester to have them repealed 5 and that, in lieu thereof, other apd feller Tonnage, or Keelage Rates, may be granted to the said Company.

Mr. Philip Carteret W, Solicitor to the Company, informed your Committee, that, to enable the Commissioners to transact their Affairs, and carry on and preserve the Works of Navigation and Embankmpnt, it \yas ue-cefjfjyry that the said Acts, of the 6th and, 14th Years of his jpjpfefent Majesty, fliQuld be explained and amended, anfiorig others, in the several Particulars following; viz.

Thai thp Commissioners, appointed by the first-men-t}oned Act, (liquid be iippowered to administer Oaths to Persons to be examined before them*.

That the Term of Three Years after the completing the said Worlds and Navigation being expired, the Residue of the Deppfit may be transferred to the Company, agreeable to the Intention of the first-mentioned Act:

That a certain Rule may be laid down for afgertaining the Height the Water flows to, a moderate Spring Tide, and for founding and afeprtaining the Depth of the Water for the future 5 and for obliging the said Company to keep the River of a proper Depth, and to maintain Ferry Boats on the said River, and Roads over the said white Sands:

For granting a Power to the said Company to make and enforce Calls on their Proprietors for the Purposes. aforesaid j and to declare the capital Stock of the said Company to be personal Estate, and to ascertain the Method of transferring thereof:

For yelling in the said Company such Parts of the common Salt. Marshes as they have made use of in the said Undertakings and directing how the Money the Com* pany are to pay for the same shall be applied.

Ordered, ThatLeaye be given to bring in a Bill for explajning and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his, prei'ent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover apd(preserve, thp Navigation of the River Dee, in the Cpounty Palatine of and another Act, passed

in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee s and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thet^; And that Mr. Sir jD Lambert,

Sir Robert Grofuenor, and Mr. Wilbraham, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Trade with HouR, the Total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from England and , for Fifteen, Years, ending at Christmas 1742 5 distinguishing each

Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Linen im-House, a,n Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens ported iata that have been imported into that Part of Great Britain Scatlan<1* galled Scotland, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742 distinguishing the several Species and Years.

A Petition of the Clothiers apd Manufacturers of Levant Woollen Cloth in the Town of Bradford, and Places ad- 'I rid{-jaceot, in the County of Wilts, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth in the Town of Trowbridge, and Places adjacent, whose Name? are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the Iioufe, That the Petitioners apprehend that the Encouragement given in the Bill now depending in the House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas to such of his Majesty’s Subjects as shall be inclined to trade to the said Levant Seas, will be an effectu^l Means to recover a valuable Branch of Trade, which has, of late Tears, greatly fallen into the Hands of our Rivals the , and consequenfly increase the Consumption of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petition? were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second rime.

Mr- Hope Weir reported from the Committee, to whom Rorrovfatr. the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One ness Harbour. Sixth Part of a Pcny Sterling, upon every Pint of Alp and Bper which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowftoun-ness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table*. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Draymen, Brewers Preventing Servants- and others, from felling, pawning, and mak- Pjuiil M ing-away-with. Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, wjas read the Third time.

Refalved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be,

An Act for preventing Draymen, Brewers Servants, and others, from felling, pawning and making-away-with, Barrels, Calks, Butts, and other Vessels, intruded with them, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Daniel Lambert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lord?, by Mr. Elde- and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed. a Bill, intituled, An Act for;P<wji’ veiling Part of the settled Estate of Edward Poisps Efyuiw,

ItEji

hr

lh1

Lei

Tn

Me

17 GEO.H. 5 ° — 6°Marlii., fcoj.

Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in Trustees, for raising. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday

Money to pay Debts; and for leaning an equivalent for Morning next. ‘ r’

the fame, for the Benefit of his fiiid Wife, and their issue, , / . , - ,

nd ox Thomas Powys, Esquire, and his Heirs and Af- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

signs: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Morning, Nine of the Clock,

this House. r r. r. ..

And then the MclTcngeis withdrew. - — " -

ioughbo- Bill for further continuing and making more effectual

h)iigh Roads. made irt the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, A n A A. for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby, to the Town of Braffingtoh, in the said County of Derby j and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe-house, in the Pari ill of Hartingt'on, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Hartinglon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fere, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Berkeley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Torke, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Winford. Lord Gage, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Rollyn, Mr. Mellish, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Archer, Mr. Godolphin, Mr* Earle, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Grant, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cali hr ope, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sel-vjyn, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pryfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Lancaster, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Edward Powys

Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay JDebts; and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and their issue, and of Thomas Powys Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be read a Second time.

Levdni . Ordered', That the Order, made upon Tuesday last:.

Trade. That the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to"

the Levant Seas, be read a Second time upon Thursday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means. to resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Waj^s arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve irself into the said Committee.

Mart is, 6° dieMartii;

Anno 17° Ge'orgii IF1 Regisi 1743.

, Pr ay Ek s.;

THE House being, informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Importoffb-from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended reign Spi*it#, at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the -House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Du- ‘ ties have beeri paid at the Cdftom-house in London, and the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported from Flanders, from Christmas 1732, to Christihas 1741; and under What Denomination of Brandies the Duties were paid for the fa toe.

And then he withdrew. '

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,-tb be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrofifed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;' P»niil.ing and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar^ ters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Ain Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrcion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bafdedon inclosing the Common and Waste Ground called Bafsledon] *ncI°-Heath, in the County of berks, was read a Second time., Mr ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powney,

Sir Robert Long, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Popham,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Carter, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pryfe, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Pytts, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hunter, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Ramsden,

Mr.Shuttleworth, Mr.. Hoblyn, Admiral Vernon, Mr. > Robert Williams, Sir James Grant, Sir Miles Stapylton,

Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

' Wodehouse, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hayward’ Mr. Rcjfe,

Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Best\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read. 1 '

And the said Order being read accordingly; 1

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee,

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Manning the The House resolved irself into a Committee of the cct* whole House, upon the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Vol. 24.

An ingrof&d Bill for making more effectual the several Cherrill Acts of Parliament, pafifedTor repairing th^Road from R°a<i* Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, in the County of Wilis,'tfastezd the Thirdrime. .;

Resolved, That the Bill do pate: And that the Title be.

An Act for more effcdhially repairing the Road from Cfer-rill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Borough at thqtop.of Cht\;rill Hill, in the County of Wilts. , ?

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, int^uled, An Act Mareham L« for inclosing and dividing the Common called the Seve~ Indo-rals, and the Moor; lying in the Mangr( and Parish of Mareham LeFenn, in the County, of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Robert Williamsi Dr.j Butler, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr.

Smith, Mr. OfbaJdefton, Sir Cordell. Firebrace, Sir John Cujl, Mr;PryfOi Mr. DovwingiMr. farter, Mr. Charlfon, i 7 O , Lord

v.-' t -

6o2 6° — MaA. 1745*

Lord Barrington, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Lc cubes, Mr. Hay,

Sir Henry Harpur, Sir Natha Mr. Mr.

Sydenham, Sir Hugh Smthfon, Mr. Sir Robert

Grosvenor, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Chapman, Mr. tre, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. , Mr.

land. Sir Jtgnts Grant, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Hynde Cotton} and all the Members who serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leave of Ab. Ordered, That Sir George Downing have Leave to go

fe»c«. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Kingston «j>-cnHuliRitd.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Crvoile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur, That-no Member of this House do pTefume to make any Agreement with another Member to absent themselves from any Service of this House, or any Committee thereof; and that this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against all such Members as shall offend therein

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^- } 139*

Tellers for rheNoes,^ %££ }»7i-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume tb absent himself from the Service of the House, without the Leave of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till House. Thursday the Fifth Day of April next.

Linen Jlanu- Rtjolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-iactute* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Taking^ tke Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

r>°tri*tv°un' »n8 nexL resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ty a low. Upon tjjC Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at

Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to retrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, j° j

Anno 17’ Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

fceaveof At- /~\RDERED, That Captain Baker have leave today at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Orme have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Woollen Cloth, rdiding in the Town of Leeds, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read 5 representing to the House, That the Bill, depending in the House, for en-11

Ditto,

Levant

Trade.

larging and regulating the Trade to the Seas,

should it pass into a Law, will be a Means of promoting the Consumption of our Woollen Manufactures in the Yurkish Dominions, and recovering that valuable Branch of Trade, which has, for some Years last past, greatly declined, and is in danger of being loft, by falling into the Hands of our Rivals the French: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to c»nal» whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Gats, an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his Rold* present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Yrent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogley-hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the" said City of Litchfield; and for repairing the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Namptwich, to the City of Chester , was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty the Surplus, or Re- Supply Bill mainder, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on w spirituous Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement ^mts* c with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee gf the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Forbes have Leave to go Leave of Ab-into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- fence-cafions.

Sir Hugh Smithjon reported from the Committee, to Middleton whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Tyu hue End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Grteeabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Major General Onslow have Leave to LemofAb-go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary feI,ce* Occasions.

A Petition

J(fU

V

Lm

Tnd

to

Ms

Trade,

ti

fe

Slit

6!

Ofct

Is;

KS 3 6:

IT'N

11 '*.»

xi*

& fe

S3

Cf«

in

f«;

Id

>oor Laws*

Lenut

Trade,

Ways and Means.

17 Geo. II.

A, Petition of the Silk Weaver* and others concerned in the Silk and Mohair Manufactures in and near the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decrease of the Importation of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn from Turkey, which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to the Company of Merchants trading to the Levant Seas having an exclusive Trade j and representing to the House, that* in case the said Trade was made free for all his Ma-jefiy's Subjects, it would greatly tend to the Increase of the Manufactures of Silk and Mohair, and to the better Employment of the Poor: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging'and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was re-committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

603.

Then the House resolve.d- itself into tljc said. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumtd the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to severalResolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to re* ceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven.-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and' Means for ruling tU?

Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8° Ma

A Petition of the Manufacturers of raw Silk, and other Manufacturers and Tradesmen in the City and County of Norwich, was. presented to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the House, That the Palling of the Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, into a Law, will greatly increase the Importation of raw Silk and Mohair Yarn from Turkey, and the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures in Return; and that such Increase of our Importation and Exportation will be highly beneficial to the Trade of this Nation in general, and to that of the said City in particular: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer by Imprest Money repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty, be referred to the said Committee.

Jov;s, 8® die Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. , Trade with

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Turkey, at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Quantity of raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to 1743> distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what Quantity of Mohair Yarn has been imparted from Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of what Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have been exported to Turkey, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Account^ are as folio weth; viz.

An Account of what Quantity of raw Silk has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1749, to

Cirr/hnar 1743; distinguishing each Year. 1 .

From Christmas 1740, to Christmas

>741.

1742 -

>743 -

Pounds.

324.I75

>3*»3°?t

Custom House, London, 8th March 1743.

TotaiI

462,485^-

John Oxenford, A. I. general.

Yot.. 24.

J

t "

An

6c>4 8° Martii. A. 1743

An Account of Whit Quantify of Mohair Yarn has been imported from Turkey, from Christmas 1740,

to Chrtfimas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

/ Pounds.

From Christmas 174b, to - 1 1741 1742 1743 152,146 208,695

Total 360,845

Custom House, London, 8th March 1743. John Oxenford, A. I. General. '

Ah Account of what Qtt unities of Woollen Manufactures have been exported to from Christmsx 740*

to Christmas 1743 j 'distinguishing each Yeat.

I&rdA

RfCTil

it* I For

Lo d

Cloths long. Cloths short. Perpets find Serges.; - — Stuffs.

, . 1 j , From Christmas 1740, to Christmas - 1741 ... 1742 1743 p\ 3>910t 5,168 12,100- p*. 583 2,222 L75 Cwt. i 20 4*600 6,800 Cwt.. 130

Totals 4,555* 1}>52° 13°

Custom House, London, 8th March 1743* Oxenford, AfT. I. General.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, Ordertd, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen,

to be perused by the Members of the House. That they do Insert in the said BillaClauseor Clauses toob-

viate Doubts concerning the Apprehending and Trial of

Sick v»d Mr. Gejbry presented to the House, pursuant to their Persons for Felonies, or other Misdemeanors, that may be

Dead Seamen Order, an Account of the Numbers of Men which have committed on the said Bridge, and concerning the Dif-

been discharged dead from on board any of his Majesty’s posal of such Felons Goods and Chattels j and for proper

Ships or Vessels, or that have been put Tick on Shore from Directions in Cafes of other Accidents which may hap-

any of them, from the 31st of December 1741, to the pen on the said Bridge, the same being extraparochial.

31st of December 1743; distinguishing how many have been discharged D. D. or S. S. from each Ship. Mr. Warburton presented to the House, according to DctNwip-

And the Title of the said Account was read. Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, to be perused by the Members of the House. An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and another Act, of this Section. passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Levant A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Navigation of the River Dee -, and for repealing the Ton-

Trade. Matters of Ships, and principal Tradesmen, of the Town nage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and forgrant-

of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and ing to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu there-read j representing to the House, That the Petitioners of: And the same was received; and read the First apprehend, thsft the laying the Turkey Trade open to all time.

his Majesty’s Subjects will be of great Advantage to the That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in general, and

greatly increase the exportation of our Woollen Manu- Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to go into Leamffr

fadures to the Turkish Dominions: And therefore pray- the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. fenC{< ing, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, may An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Borrcwtom-pals into a Law. _ Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every nc£ Huls"

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie'upon the Table, ~ Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for until the said Bill be read a Second time. Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the

Town of Borrowfiounness, and Liberties thcrcoC in the toeflminster Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen County of Linlithgow, was read the Third time.

Bridge. appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill to explain Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth be, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Ma- a Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint jetty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowjloumefs,

fk'ejiminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for and for making the said Acts more effectual; That they repairing the Harbour of the said Town, do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses for the better Ordered, That Mr. Hope IVeir do carry the Bill to the indemnifying Archbishops and Bishops, as to the Monies Lords, and desire their Concurrence, by them received, or to be received, for any of the Pof-

fettions belonging to their respective Sees, fold or to be A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. sold to the said Commissioners, pursuant to the several Thurjion;

Acts of Parliament in that behalf. Mr.

17 Geo. II. 8" Martii. 605

Mr. Speaker,

lord Aber- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

*‘Ienny’» settling a Capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, te, in the County of Sussex, to divers Uses therein mentioned,

for the Benefit of William Lord Abergavenny, and his Family, as an Equivalent for a Sum of Money appointed by a former Act to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands for that ’Purpose: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

1 Recruiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the L»nd for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s forces. Land Forces and Marines for the Year 1744, without 5 any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Aber- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act gavenny’s forfettlingaCapital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, Mate. jn County of Sussex, to divers Uses therein mentioned, for the Benefit of William Lord Abergavenny, and his Family, as an Equivalent for a Sum of Money appointed by a former Act to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose, was read the First time.

.. Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Studley A Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year

Bridge, tic. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so , Road. far as same relates to the repairing the Road from _ Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts;

and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, =s in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Hill be committed to Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Long, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Crowle, Lord hj Strange, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Pinch, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. jj..- M'kye, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Edward ‘Turner, Lord

Sir Nathanael Curzott, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Jof. Pennington, V Lord Charles Hay, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Thomas Wynn, Sir

... Wm. Corbett, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Boone, Colonel

Mr. Edward Finch, Sir James Grant, Mr. , Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Murray, Mr. Bowles, Lord Deerkurfl, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Vere, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Wat kin Wms. Mr.

" ThurJby, Mr. Gray, Dr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Mar-

tin, Mr. Neale, Mr. Brook/bank, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Wynford, Mr. Bowes, Sir Wm. Mr. Mitchell, Sir John Cust, Mr. Torke, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Stanley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Buckingham Mr. George Grenville reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks j and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Shirley was called: Who said. That he was well acquainted with the Roads between Buckingham and Warmington, which are in a very bad Condition: That it is a Road of great Resort, many Carriages, as well as Passengers on Horseback, passing through the fame.

Mr. John Parish confirmed the aforesaid Evidence; and added, that it is impossible to repair the Roads mentioned in the Petition, effectually, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Winford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 24.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, teported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House j which hfe read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz4

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; which

said several Annuities shall be transferable at the Bank of England, and charged on the Surplus of the- additional Rates and Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted to his Majesty by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee',

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by Imprest Money, repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty, be granted to his Majesty. 1

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to these Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gybbon, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing of Edinburgh the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Baird, of , Election.

Baronet, Sir Robert Myrton, of Gogar, Baronet, Sir James Da/rymple, of Haills, Baronet, Sir James Steuart, of Goodtrees, Baronet, Mr. Thomas Calderwood, of Polton,

Advocate, Ronald Campbell, of Balerno, Esquire,

Foulis, of Rat ho, Esquire, Thomas Pringle, of r,

Esquire, Andrew Marjoribanks, of That Ilk, Esquire,

John Prefion, of Gourton, Esquire, William Dick, of Grange, Esquire, Alexander Brand, of Ef-

quire, Alexander Hume, of Muirhoife, Esquire, Adam Fairholme, of Greenhill, Esquire, Archbald Brown, of Greenbank, Esquire, and John Cockrane, of Ravelrig, Esquire. Freeholders of, and in, the County or Shire of Edinburgh, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Edinburgh;

The Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day o f January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the

Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was allb read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And an Extract of the Minutes of a Meeting of the Barons of the Shire of Edinburgh, convened for electinga Member of Parliament, Edinburgh the iothDay of gujl 1742, being produced;

Part thereof was read, in order to prove, that the Names of Sir James Stewart of Goodtrees, and of Mr.

Falconer, were then inserted in the Roll of Barons, as being intitled, and having voted at former Elections.

And an Extract of the Minutes of a Meeting of the Barons present at the Michaelmas Head Court of the Shire of Edinburgh, holden 4th of October 1743, being pro-

duced j

Part thereof was read, relating to the Inrollment of Mr.

Gilbert Pringle, as one of the Electors for chusing a Cem-

7 P miliioner

6o6

8° — 90 Martiu 1743.

missioner to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh.

And an Extract of the Proceedings of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, 30th of November 1743, upon the Petition and Complaint to them, presented against Robert Moubray, and others, by Sir John Inglis, and others, Freeholders, (landing upon the Roll of Electors of Commissioners for the Shire of Edinburgh, and as a Committee appointed by the othet Freeholders, to revile and examine the Rolls of the said Shire, being produced,

And an Extract of the Ad and Warrant of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, the 19th Day of

ber 1743, upon the Petition and Complaint to them, presented by John Preston, and others, Freeholders, (landing upon the Roll of Eledors of Commissioners for the said Shire, against Sir John Inglis, and others, being also produced;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted (what the Counsel for the Petitioners offered to prove), that the Inrollment of the said Sir James Steuart was not complained of in either of the said Petitions.

And an Extract of the Minutes of the Election of Praefes and Clerk to the Meeting, on the 13th January 1744, for chusing avRepresentative to Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, and also of the Minutes of the said Meeting, was produced.

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Edinburgh, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Taking the Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Poll at ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Election*. House, upon the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at ths Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Levant Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday last, Trade. That the Bill, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas, be read a Second timeTo-morrow Morn-

ing, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 9* Martii;

Anno 17* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; yT R. Francis Fane presented to the House, according an^Lottery ‘E-’-L to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mo-tX’‘ ney by Annuities, and aLottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1744: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

B*ghall’» _ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kflate. 'for Sale of the Capital Messuage at Roughampton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Bagnall Esquire, deceased -, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will > was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Curzon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mellish, Lord Gage, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Plmptre, Sir fVm. Corbett, Mr. ShuttleMr. Lifter, Mr. Walter, Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Comewall, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hedworth, Dr. Butler, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Cope, Mr. Periam, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Grant, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Herbert, Sir EdmundTkomas, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Aftley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc* cations.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Edward Powys Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts, and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and their Issue; and of Thomas Powys Esquire, and his Heirs and Assignsj was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Coplefton, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Wynne, Major Cornwallis, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Owen, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lifter, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Archer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Mon-Jon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Winford, Mr. Powney, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Prowje, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Maujel, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Duncombe, Sir James Hamylton, Mr. Gray, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard have Leave to (lay at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A ' Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Honourable Henry Hervey Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and their Issue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground in Woolwich, Part of the settled Estate ofj Edward Bowater Esquire, pursuant

to an Agreement with the Commissioners of the Navy; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for

London

Streets.

Leave of.

Absence.

Powv's

Estate.

Ltareof

Absence,

Herrey’i

Nunc,

Bowitch

Estate.

Heney’s

Nine.

lo

Mas:

F

Eta1

lid

*4

w

A

A

4

Ji

A

A its 15 i

kl

te

in 5/

h::

5:5-

A

v:

M

17 Geo. II. 9* Marlii.

607

for confirming , to the Honourable Clerk,

and Katherine his Wife, and their Issue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas Afkn Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be-read a Second time.

Bowater’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Illate. for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground in,

Part of the settled Estate of Edward Bowater Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement with the Commissioners of the Navy; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Manning the Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Fleet‘ the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

# 9 4

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday the 5th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of- the House.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That the Order of , the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of thei Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Edinburgh The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Edinburgh.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove, that the Roll of Freeholders, called over before the Election of Praefes and Clerk to the Meeting, on the 13th Day of January last, for chusing a Representative to Parliament for the Shire of,

agrees with the Roll of Freeholders made up in 1742:

He was also examined, in order to prove, that several Gentlemen are complained of, in the Two Petitions pre-lented to the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, whole Names are not inserted in any Roll other than that of 1742:

He was also examined, in order to prove, that the Inrollment of Sir James Stewart is not complained of in either of the said Petitions:

He was also examined, as to the usual Method of enrolling Heirs Apparent, after the Death of their Ancestors.

And an Extract of the Minutes of Election of a Representative to Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, 21 May 1734, being produced j

And the Name of Sir James , of Goodtrees,

not appearing in the Roll of Freeholders made up after that Election;

The Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to examine a Witness, in order to prove (which the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted), that the Death of Sir James Stewart, Father of the present Sir James , was

the Reason of that Omission:

And Part of the Minutes of the said Meeting, on the Vol. 24.

13th Day of January last, was read, in order to prove, that the Prtefes of the said Meeting refilled to call over the Name of Sir James Stewart: '

And Part of the said Minutes was also read, in order to prove, that the Name of Mr. Falconer, of Monketon, was then called over:

And Part of the said Minutes was also read. In Order to prove, that the Name of Sir Stewart', of Good-trees, is not inserted in the Roll made up after the said Election; and that the Names of the said Mr.

and of Mr. Wauchop, are inserted in the said Roll:

And Part of the said Minutes was also read, in order to prove, that the Clerk of the said Meeting did nbt take the Oath prescribed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, immediately after his Election.

And a Witness was examined, and Evidence was produced, in order to prove, that the Minutes of the Election of Prafes and Clerk to the said Meeting were not ligned and delivered to the Clerk, elected pursuant to the Directions of the said Act:

And a Witness was examined, and Evidence was produced, in order to prove, that neither the Roll of Electors, nor the Minutes of the Election, were produced by the said Clerk, to the Sheriff, before the Return of the Representative to Parliament, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard; and examined a Witness, in order to prove, that many the Freeholders inserted in the Roll, which was called over at the said Election, were then dead:

He was also examined, as to the Manner of signing the Minutes then taken, and the Agreement of the Freeholders then present, concerning the said Minutes.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member offered to prove (which the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted), that Sir James Stewart, the Son, had never voted at former Elections.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having offered to prove, that the said Sir James Stewart has not been inrolled as a Freeholder in any Books of Inrollment;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted, that he does not appear to be inrolled otherwise than in the Roll before-mentioned of 1742.

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, for what Reason the Name of Sir James Stewart was not mentioned in either of the Petitionsprefepted to the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having gone through their Evidence;

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. A Motion being made, that Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh;

Sir Charles Gilmour was heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

And several Clauses in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Britain called Scotland, and to re ft sain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, were read.

Resolved, That Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh. '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Trade with Germany.

608 1 20 MartU.x 1743.

Lunay 12° die Martii \

Anno \f Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germany,

for Fifteen Vears, ending at Ghriftmas 1742; distinguisii-ing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Linen imported from Holland into that Part of Great Britain called England, under the Denominations of broad and narrow Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Ghriftmas 174a; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quiantityof Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called England for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 174a; distinguishing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Linen and Flax imported.

An ACCOUNT of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germary, for Fifteen Years, ending at Ghriftmas 1742 j distinguishing each Year.

Imports. Exports. Exports exceed the Imports.

From Christntas 1717,10 Christmas - - 1728 £ s. 642,449 6 4 £. d 1 , S36>i63 5 £ s' 693.7I3 18 10

1729 689,249 8 7 1,218,556 a 11 529,306 14 4

*73° *3l>39° 11 8 1,092,490 9 1 261,099 17 5

*73* 642,209 5 6 960,858 4 10 318,648 19 4

1732 761,48613 9 i>°52>977 16 4 891,491 2 7

1733 763.43° 4 *,083,157 15 9 319,727 ii 8

*734 863,43819 4 1,106,573 15 3 243,114 15 11

*735 835.180 *3 7 1,197,263 17 — 362,083 3 5

/ 1736 617,921 4 3 1,246,387 15 5 628,466 11 a

*737 806,38011 4 *,*07,479 6 9 400,898 15 5

1738 644.555 *8 2 1,077,922 18 6 1,087,685 — 8 433,367 ~ 4

1739 703,368 9 8 382,316 11 —

1740 747.795 9 3 1,091,061 7 6 343,26$ 18 3

1741 ' 808,533 a 10 *,*43>96* 12 6 335>428 9 8

1742 645,261 — 5 1,3*9,758 *5 6 674,497 *5 1

Totals - - £ 11,004,870 18 9 17,222,298 3 2 6,217,427 4 5

Custom House, London, John Oxenford, A. I. General.

10th March 1743.

Alt ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Linen imported from Holland into that Part of Great Britain called England, under the Denominations of broad and narrow Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year.

Germany broad. Germany narrow.

c. flrr. jEto. c. tfrr. £//f.

From Christmas 1735, to Christmas - - - - *736 340 — 12 3,890 2 9

*737 377 I 25 3.584 3 5

*738 33* 3 4,377 1 29

*739 272 1 14 6,153 2 24

*740 163 2 24 1,489 — l8

" *74* 37° I 21 3,792 I 12

1742 479 — 6 4,563 2 12

Totals - 2,334 3 *4 27,25* 2 19

Custom-House, London, John Oxenford, A. I. General.

10 March 1743.

An

tj Geo. II. I 2° Mart#.609

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Flax imported into that Part of Great Britah called England for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742 $ distinguishing e%ch Year. 4

From Gkriftmas 17 35, to Christmas

Custom House, Lbndoh,t 10 March 1743.

TotAL

Cwt. qrs. lb.

1736 68,441 I it

*737 103,454 — 24

1738 *7 ,°35 2 10

1739 77.556 1 24

1740 69.571 — —

1741 75.933 2 *3

1742 96,015 I 23

- 578.o°7 2 21

John Oxenford, A. I. General.

Jtippoh, $;c. inclosure.

Navigation.

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed by and belonging to the Owners and Proprietors of antient Burgages and Tenements, in Rippon, Little-ikorpey and Bondgate, in the County of York, and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said common Right* was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 ami he read the Report in his Place $ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,' An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chestev, and another Act, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee \ and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or iCeelage Rates in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. War-hurt on, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Brere-ton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Revell, Mr. Strode, Mr. Lifter, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. West, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Proby, Major Sehvyn, Sir James Grant, Mr. Walpole, Sir Edmond Jsham, Mr. Prxje, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Wilkinfoti, Mr. Fellow es, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Young, Lord Limerick, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Come-wall. Dr. Butler, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gore, Sir Nicholas Williams; and all the Members who serve for the County of Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1744, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,rHiat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

\'oL, 24.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to^the Bill, intituled, An Act f<pr punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclolingcertain common Fields, in the Hamlet of Shipton, in the Parish of Winftow, in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine, to Stndley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough,* at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: Ana also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Agreements made for inclosing and dividing Part of North Stoneham Common, in the County of Southampton: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act. to enlarge the Time limited, by the Will of Sir Francis Leicester Earonet, deceased, for Sale of the real Estate late of Sir John Byrne Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne Baronet, and Ins I flue, to take and use the Surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming Agreements made for inclosing and dividing Part of North Stoneham Common, in the County of Southampton, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Litch-field, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester; and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogle hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Litchfield; and for repairing the Road from the lower End of the County of Stafford, through Woore, in the County of Salop, and Nampt* wich, to the City of Chester-, Was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the/Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coif hill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford,

7 Q

Puniflung Mutiny and Desertion.

Shipton

Inclosure.

Cherill Road*

Kingston upon Hull Road.

North

Stoneham

inclosure.

Byrne* Ell ate.

North

-Stoneham

Incioiure.

CannaN Gate, &c. Road*.

Diqitiz

Cranford Bridge, &X Road.

Leave of A bfence.

Byrne’s'

iiftate.

Registering of Wool.

Supply Bi'l; Duties on Spirts* Sec.

Swppty.

616

1130

H. 1743

and from thence to the City of Ghejhr; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lcvefon Gozver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing ancf enlarging the % Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Read from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, was read the-Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an, Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Richards have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time limited by the Will of Sir Francis Leicester Baronet, deceased, for Sale of the real Estate late of SuJohn Byrne Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also to enable Sir Peler Byrne Baronet, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said Will; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Smith, of the Close of Lincoln, Clerk, which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be read.

And the said Petition, and Heads of a Scheme in a Schedule annexed to the said Petition, were read according!}’.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors; and for estabiilli-ing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and on Licences to retail the fame; so far as the same relates to the Retailing of Spirituous Liquors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

* And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Martii j

Anno 170 Georgii Iidl Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

R D E R E D, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to Leave of into the Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Abfe.K*. Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowater’s for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground in Woolwich,

Part of the settled Estate of Edward Bowater Esquire, pursuant toan Agreement with the Commissioners of the Navy; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, . in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winford,

Mr. Pytts, Sir Nathanael Curzony Mr. Carter, Sir John Cust, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Walker, Lord Vers Beanclerk,

Mr. Yorke, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Walter, Sir James Grant, Mr. Houblcn, Mr. Proby, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Crew,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Scot, Mr. Shuttleworth, Dr. Butler,

Mr. Wilforiy Mr. Gil dart, Mr. Hayward, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pratty Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gwynney Mr. Hilly Mr.

Stewart, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Roger Bradshaighy Mr. Powney, Mr. Berkley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Stffex9 and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pozmey reported from the Committee, to whom Balsledom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for *eath inclosing the common and waste Ground called Bafsledon nco urc" Heath, in the County of Berks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except William Rawjion, who is possessed of an Estate of Ninety Pounds a Year, in the Parish of Bafsledon; but that the said William Rawfton had been apprised of the intended Inclosure, and had a Copy of the Bill delivered unto him; and that - he declared he would not oppose the fame); and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton Pleydell have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Franc is Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Surplus, or Remainder, of plrits* c" the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on spirituous Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

.17 Geo. IL i 3* Mar tit. 6ii

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Batlozv have Leave, to go into the

Absence. Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Wffminster The Lord Perceval presented to the House, according Br:u£e. r Order, a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further Rowers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames^ from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hervey's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mc* for confirming to the Honourable Henry Hervey Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and their issue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston, pursuant to a Settlement made by Str Thomas Aston Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington. Lord Gage, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Crowlc, Mr. Towns-end, Mr. Powney, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Winford, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Walker, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir James Grant, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Cal-t hr ope, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wilkinfjon, Sir John Cnjl, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Finch, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mon-Jon, Mr. Jeffreys, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Williams, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Foley, Lord Strange, Mr. ProwJ'e, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tor he, Mr. O/wald, Mr. Breret on, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s forces in the Forres in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1744*. P*a»uiion*. And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Offi- Hof Staff Cers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Ma- In Flandtrs-jesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by HorfVs loft his Majesty's Command, an Account of the Number of at0c"ing« Horses loft at the Battle of Dcttingen; together with an Estimate of the Charge thereof.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services of his Majesty's Army Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and Extra*, the Plantations, incurred Anno 1743, not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops Ditto of in Brit iff Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, Troops in for the Years 1742 arid 1743, incurred, and not pro- Fay-vided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia, Ditto in-for the Preservation and Defence of his Majesty’s Domi- curred in nions on the Continent of North America, from 2 2d Sep- corfcia* tember 1738, to the zsd July 1743, when General Oglethorpe failed for England, to the respective Tim^s those Services were severally made up to, and from thence computed to Michaelmas 1743: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, Troops for a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys, or Schoon- Service of ers, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year 1744. Georgia.

And Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, that he presented, by his Majesty’s Command, the said Account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia, as it was delivered to him the said Secretary at War by Mr. Oglethorpe.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accounts were read.

The said Estimates and Accounts are as followeth j vfe*

ESTIMATE

£oogl

VOL. 24.

6 12

13* Martii.

A* $74^'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Fortes in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1744.

In the PLANTATIONS.

L:eutenant General Dalzelf s Regiment -Lieutenant General Philipps*$ -Brigadier General Oglethorpe's -Colonel Trelawney's -Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -One Company in the Island of Providence -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso> and Placentia Officers of the Garriibn at Rattan -

In MINORCA.

Major General Reads Regiment -Colonel Wynyard's -

Colonel Offarrell's -

Major General Anfirutlier*s -

Colonel Graham's -

Numbers.

8i5

394

804

445

57

*5°

Officers of the Garrisons, isfr.

In GIBRALTAR.

Colonel Fowke's Regiment Lieutenant General Hargrave's Lieutenant General Columbine's Major General Fuller's -Colonel Houghton's -

Officers of the Garrison, -

Provisions for Lieutenant General Phillipps's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso. and Placentia; deducting 4^. Day out of the Subsistence of each Non-com mi ffion Officer and private Man towards that Expence;

Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for Brigadier Oglethorpe's Regiment at Georgia Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence Provisions for the Companies at Rattan -

War-Office, 13th March, 1741.

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

8,5

3,852

815

815

815

8*5

8*5

4.075

4.075

11,972

Pav efthe Regiments, GV. for 3 66 Da-, s.

TOTAL.

Will. Yonge.

j. d.

15.259 3 —

9,857 12 —

15,478 — 9\

21,026 14 —

7,161 8 —

1,006 10 —

2>473 11 —

« - *5>259 3 -

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5.259 3 —

*5,423 *7 —

‘5,259 3 —

*5,259 3 "

*5,259 3 —

*, J58 I? I

30,000 —

2.445 IO

456 5 —

*.387 —

J Total - -

d.

9%

yiyiCi 18 2>546 —

939 8 —

76,295 15 — 6,718 15 io|

76,460 9 —

3.759 *7 9

35,847 11 t

274,830 17 3}

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with

his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744.

General and Staff Officers -

Forage for the General and Staff Officers Officers of the Hospital -

War Office, 13th March, 174-1,

Will. Yonge.

Pay for 366 Days.

m - 28,56a 9 g

- 3,697 2 IO*;

5.444 5 —

ToTit, - ,£. 37>7°3 *7 71

An

ly Geo. IL

it

13 0 Mar tii

6t i

An ACCOUNT ofth$ JTumJbe* of Horses loft at the Battle of Deltingen; together- with an Eftiniate of the

Charge thereof

Horles loft. Allowance at £. 20 each Horse and Accoutrements.

Horse. < Third Troop of Horse Guards -.*- Fourth Troop of Horse Guards - - Second Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards * Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - , Sir Philip Hony wood's - -- -- - 6 14 3 27 24 25 120 *- — 280 — - — 6d — — 540 — — 480 — — j 00 — —

99 1,980

Horses lofts: Allowance at £ 15 each Horse and Accoutrements.

Lieuterymt General Hawley's ----- Sir James Campbell's ----- Brigadier General Bland's - - - -j Sir Robert Rich's - I Earl o.f Stair's LSir John Copes 6 5 >45 20 *7 90 — — 75 — ~ 2.17S ~ — 585 " ~ 30Q — > — 255

Dragoons -Horse - - - 23 a 99 3.480 — — 1,980 — —

War OfEce, 13th March, 174 J. Total 331 5,460 — —

mil. Yonge.

An ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services of his Majesty's Land Forces in and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1743, not provided for by Parliament.

Paid Mr. William Caulfield, for surveying, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, in the Highlands of Scotland, Anno 1743 ——

To Brigadier Blakeney, fora Gratification to himself, and reimbursingfeveral extraordinary Expences in reducing the Deserters from the Highland Regiment -Paid for transpornng 76 Highlanders, to be incorporated in General DalzelFs and Brigadier Oglethorpe's Regiments, at £. 6 per Man - -

Paid for Camp Necessaries to the Regiments commanded by Brigadier Hamilton, Brigadier Bland\

Lieutenant General Clayton, Lord Rothes, and Colonel Mordaunt....

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn by Major General Anfituther, Lieutenant Governor of Minorca, for the Service of that Island -

For the Charge of transporting Lord Rothes's Regiment," and One Battalion of Major General St. Clairs Regiment of Foot, from Cork to Ostend - -

To Mr. Gamiere, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Materials, and Utensils, for the Hospital at Jamaica, and for the Company at Providence -

To satisfy the Demand of the Contractors for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6 d. per Man per Week ft opt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract, and according to the Account delivered by the said Contractors ——

To satisfy the Demand of the Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Seryice to the 25th of December 1743, i nclusive, as well for Victualling, as for the Insurance and incident Charges attending the fame, over and above the Sum voted by Parliament for that Service, to the 34th of December 1743, will amount, by Estimation, to the Sum of ——

d.

4 6

ij 8

War Office, 13th Marph, 174L

Will. Tongt

393 4^ 1,786

77* 7.498 1,079

2»*7i

6,186 17 — i

Si

3

S

io>9$9 4 Si

7 R

Vol. 24.

AN

6*4

13° Mar Hi.

.1743.

, An ACCOUNT of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops in which served in and

Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

For the Troops.

The Charge of Forage, over and above the usual Deductions from the Pay of the Troops;

J3y Warrants from the Earl of Stair - -

By Warrants from his Majesty - - - ‘ -

----- the Lords Ju dices -

.....the Generals Commissioners -

----- Sir Philip Honywood -

Dedud the Amount of the Payments made for the Use of the foreign Troops included in their Accounts -

Remains for Forage for the British Troops

£ ' s. d.

128,450 9 6

25»15° 18 1

3,028 11 1

59,646 6 1

9,066 2 4

s. d.

225,342

7^543

7

19

11

45»3°7

6,112

3»932

s.

15 '3 7

d.

10

6

11

19.000 — —

2,278 5 — -

14.000 — —

5,000-----

Extraordinary Expences for Bread, over and above the usual Deductions from the Troops, by Warrants from the several Generals, as above -The Charge for Bread Waggons.

By Warrants from the Earl of Stair -

- - - - the Generals Commissioners - - ,

----- Sir Philip Honywood -

Total for Bread Waggons -The Charge upon Account of the Hospital.

By Warrants from the Earl of Stair -

By Warrants from his Majesty -

- - - - - the Generals Commissioners - -

- - - - Sir Philip Honywood -

Total for the Hospital

Sundry other extraordinary Expences; viz.

For disembarking the Horse and Dragoons, per Lord Stair's Warrant For Horses loft and bruised at Sea, per his Majesty’s Warrant -

For the Hire of Bridges across the Rhine and Main, and transporting the fame,

by several Warrants from his Majesty and the Generals --For Bas and Baggage Horses, by Lords Justices Warrants.

For Hire of Boats and Carts for transporting heavy Baggage, by the Generals Warrants -

For several Messengers, and for overlooking the Delivery of Straw and Wood for the Army; and extraordinary Engineers, by the Generals Warrants For transporting the Sick, and several incident Charges on the March into and

from Germany, by Lord Stair's and Sir Philip Hs Warrants -

Total for sundry Extraordinaries

153.79s

i°>753

7

6

S5>352 77 3

40,278 5 —

728

792

4.796

*.745

15 n/

3 10

1,102 13 — 471 16 t

9,200 — —

The Charge of several additional Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, by Warrants from his Majesty, and the Earl of Stair; d.

To the Captain of the Guides, for himself and Company 500-----

To Surgeons Mates, for the Dragoons - 198126

To the Commissary General of Stores, for 363 Days Pay - 1,089 — —

To the Deputy Commissary of Stores, 303 Days Pay - 303-----

To the Chaplain of the Hospital, 67 Days Pay - -- 2268

Total for additional Staff Officers, £sV.

18,836 S 10

Total for the British Troops To the Duke of Aremberg, to put the' Austrian Troops in Motion, Anno 1742

Voted by Parliament for Contingencies For Forage and Waggon Money Deductions from the Pay of foreign Troops -

2,112 19 2

- 281,132 3 10

- - 40,000 -

£. s. d. 321,132 3 10

10,coo —

I7»,92 " —

,2>955 5 IO 40,147 5 10

280,984 18 —

Extraordinary Charges on account of the foreign Troops in British Pay.

For the Troops of Hanover, from the 31st of August 1742, to 29th November 1743

s.

3

4 2

5

7

lS 12

d.

2

The Charge of Forage, over and above the Deduction of Six Pence per Ration £.

from the Pay of the said Troops, as in the British - 150.938

Douceurs - -- *5,739

Waggon Money - - - - 25,593

Extraordinary Expence of Artillery ----- 3,789

Bread, over and above the Deduction from the Pay of the Troops - - 11,117

Sundry Extraordinaries on the several Marches - - - 5,171

Men and Horses killed - - 2,624

Total for the Troops of Hanover - *-----

Advanced, upon Account, for Forage and Bread, to the Hejfian Troops, from December 1742, to December 1743 ——

9

8

1 x

214,973 10 28,064 *9

War Office, 13th March, 174$

Will. Yongt.

Total to be provided for by Parliament - £ 524,023 s s

\ -

V "

\ \ -r. \

g

n'

CD

Q-

cr

o

O

O

00

FT

o

r*

As ACCO UNT of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia, for the Preservation and Defence of his Majesty’s Dominions 22d July 1743^ when General Oglethorpe failed for England, to ttie respective Times those Services were severally made

on the Continent of North America, from lad September 1738, to up to, and horn thence computed to Michaelmas 1743.

Pay of Rangers - -....

Pay of the Company of Boatmen, the Two Northern Guard Boats, the Georgia, Frederica, ami Otter, Scout Boats, the old and new Cutters, Bethr/da, Periagua, and the Flutt, and for Boat Hire.

Note, The Provisions furnished the said Boatmen are included in the Article of the Purchase of Provisions for Land and Sea Service.

Pay of the Hi ghland Independent Company -

Note, The Provisions furnished them, when on Water Service, are included in the Article of the Purchase of Provisions for Land and Sta Service.

Pay of the Sloops Sc. Philip and Fa Icon, and of the Schooner Walker, and for Purchase of Vessels -

Note, The Rigging, Wear, and Tear, of these Vessels are included in the Article of the Purchase of Naval Stores. Note, Savings have been made upon an Etlimate, the same come in Aid of the following extraorvlinary Services performed in Georgia, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders and Instru&ious given at different times to General Oglethorpe; viz.

Charge of several small Garrisons at Angujla, Mount Pleasant, Fort Argyll, &c. -

Purchase of Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, and Naval Stores -

Armourers, Gunners, $rc. -

Fortifications, building Barracks, and military Works -

Purchase of Provisions for Land and Sea Service, and Indians -

Purchase of Horses, Presents to, and Charges of bringing down, Indians for War - -

Charges of Sick and Wounded ——

Subfilling and Care of Spanish Prisoners - -

Rewards for extraordinary Services, including the General and Staff and Fort Majors -

Charges of Intelligence and Expresses -

Charge of levying Men in Virginia, and of their Subsistence, until Orders are given relating to them - For the Hire of the Ship Succejs, for the Defence of the Harbours during, and since, the late Invasion of Georgia, and other Charges of the said Ship -

Total Expence of the said extraordinary Services incurred

Towards Payment of which, there has been received, as follows; viz.

By Deductions of w. a Man per Week, during the Siege of Augvjline, and at other times of grf. a Man a Week, for Provisions delivered to General Oglethorpe's Regiment, while in Land Service -

And by ImprefU from the Treasury.....i ....

Total received, to be deduced from the whole Expence ——

Remains to be satisfied by the Government

From 22(1 Septem- From Michaelmas! From Michaelmas From Mir haclmas From Mic haelmas

ber 1738, to 1739. to 1740, to 1741 , to *744 r tO

Micliaclmas 1 739- Michaelmas l 740. Michaelmas i 741. Michaelmas i 74‘2' Michaelmas 1743.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d.

175 19 4 926 6 ~k 97 ‘ 16 10 3.897 l6 10

50 5 1 949 9 n| 2.659 6 — 2,176 7 24 4.221 *9 11

<,02 16 — 1,910 3 4 1,910 3 4 1,010 3 4

- - *63 16 2 1,810 18 5 1,919 1 7 1.965 5 Si

8 402 8 8 409 t3 6J 1.356 19 3r 1.536 7 6

l6o — 935 16 81 2,524 12 1 5.238 *4 11* 949 13

1 12 6 10 5 — 52 9 4 49 6 3 69 1 9

603 H 3i 1,008 H 2 1,098 12 1,623 7 44 2.586 — 6i

248 7 9 2,8 io *3 2 2,516 1 4 6,979 6 7 4.791 7 7*

4 9 3 L54* — 6 4.347 11 4 4.794 11 44 2,042 8 5

8 5 9 2 121 6 9 172 4 — 185 H —

1 12 78 *5 8 >7 18 6 38 16 -t- 135 1 —

160 6 10 672 19 8i 641 10 4 1,089 15 5 792 18 6i

21 3 3 49 7 10 190 3 6 9" 5 9 400 5 7

m m - 2,394 15 6

945 12 34 2,762 2 —

1,251 19 7l 10,408 12 -4 19.226 12 6i 30,177 8 3i 30,641 — 111

<240 5 6| 846 17 8 722 1 10 947 19 7 808 5 10J

— — 5.196 1 1 >i 13.201 2 64 3.633 4 7 - -

240 5 6f 6,042 19 7 i 13.923 4 4i 4.581 4 2 808 5 lof

1,011 14 — i j 4.365 12 si 5,33 8 ii 25.596 4 ij 29,832 15 1

TOTA L.

£ d. 5^71 19 — 1

»°,057 % 6,633 6 — 6,559 si

3.705 9 — 9.809 4 11 182 14 10 6,920 8

17.345 16 5J 12,731 — 10* 484 13 ii 272 3 10 3.357 10 >o 1,572 5 11 2,394 *5 6

3.707 H 3*

9*.7°5 »3 5

3,565 10 6 22,030 9 1

25,595 19 7

66,109 13 10

W

cn

H

s

H

W

Note, No Provision is made in this Account for Inter eft "and Damages sustained by Re-exchange, and otherCharges arising by Non-payment of the unsatisfied Bills drawn for Part of these extraordinary Services. Note also, Monies have been received for some Stores and Provisions fold) and there were Stores and Provisions remaining in July 1743, which will be accounted for.

War Office, 13th March 1743.

Will. ToHge,

0

tn

O

0\

-4

Poor Laws.

Taking the Poll at County Elections.

"Linen Manufactures.

Levant

Trade.

616

15° — 14®

4-MM-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen,. Half Galleys, or

Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year 1744.

Two Troops of Rangers Highland Company Boatmen

Tear, Ordnance, warlike Stores, &V. War Office, 13th Mar eh 174f.

Will. Tonge.

Total

Numbers. Pay per Aunum.

I40 1 * i

2,366 8 4

108 3,227 10 —

uted and

- 180 9,360 — —

- 543 I9,l68 l8 4

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying feme Defeats in the Ad, made in the 43d Year of the Heign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from England and Germany, for Fifteen Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year j be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguisti-ing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Linen imported from Holland into that Part of Great Britain Called England, under the Denominations of broad and narrow' Germany, for Seven Year-, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1740, tb Christmas 1743, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them re-, ferred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Mat-tit;

Anno 17° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Pray ers.

MR. Rawlinson Earle presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance at Rattan, for the Year 1744. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Ex. 7. H.

George Wade, A. Wilkinson.

tfho. Lafcellts, Geo. Gregory, W. R. Earle,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Silk and Mohair Yarn in and near the Town of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, whose Names ate thereinto subscribed, was

Ordnance Office at Rattan.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance at Rattan, for the Year 1744.

Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores, necessary for the Settlement; and for £. d.

erecting Works, building Houses, and cultivating the Lands; purftiant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, the 2d February 174J; - - - 7,246 5 1

Pay of an Engineer, More-keeper, Artificers, and Artillery People, pursuant to the said Order,

from ill January, to 31st December 1744.....- - - 2,355 15 —

Towards carrying on the Forts and Fortifications for Defence of the HarbouT, with Magazines,

Barracks, and other Accommodations for the Forces ----- 2,500 —

£. 12,102 — 2

presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, should the Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Lev end Seas, pass into a Law, the Petitioners have Reason to tx-pect it will not only be a Means of iner. afing our Silk Manufacture, but, at the same time, by a larger Imror-

tation

17 G E o. II. i 4° Martii.

' tation of raw Silk, enable us to render that Manufacture cheaper both at home and abroad, so as to occasion a foreign Consumption much more considerable than at present: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may

pass-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Laugh- Sir Nathanael Gw ton reported from the Committee, to txM-ough whom the Bill for further continuing and making more I 03 s> effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from’ the Town of Loughborough, in' the County of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Brajfmgton, in the said County of Derby \ and from the said TovVn of Derby through the Town of Ashborne, in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe House, in the Parish of Hartington, in the said County; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill* An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sur-Duticton plus, or Remainder, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, Spirits, Ire. by the Duties on spirituous Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Mer-. chants of England trading to the East Indies; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus, or Remainder, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for explaining and amending tke said Act, in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lord Aber- A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill from gavenny’s the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling a capital Met Mate. fuage. Lands, and Hereditaments, in kthe County of Suf-Jex, to divers Uses therein mentioned, for the Benefit of William Lord Abergavenny, and his Family, as an Equivalent‘for a Sum of Money appointed by a former Act 1 to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose,

be now read a Second time;

.Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, and gives his Consent, as far as his Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Jeffrey st Dr. Cotes, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Dig by, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Monson, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Which cote, Mr Leal lies, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Limerick, Mr. Archer, Mr. Herbert, Sir -John Rufhout, Mr! IVinford; and all the Members who serve for the County of SuJ)'ex> and the Cinque Ports: Vol.

And they are to meet this Afternoon atFive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir IVilughby Aston Baronet, was pre- Hervey’t fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the ^amc* Petitioner ic Heir Male to Sir IVilughby Aston Baronet, deceased, his Grandfather; Father to Sir Thomas Aston of Aston, in the County Palatine of Chester, Baronet, deceased; and has always used the Aims of Aston; and* on the Death of Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, lately deceased, became intitled to his Honour: And praying, That he may be head, by his Counsel, what he has to offer against so much of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,' now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for confirming to the Honourable Henry Hervey Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and their Issue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston, purfoant to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, deceased, as is intended to give to, and confirm on, the said Mr. Hervey and his Family, the Arms of Aston; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premisses, as to the House shall feein meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the said Petition be referred to the Cortsideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, if he thinks fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. George Ross do. Tomorrow Morh-ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom Manuftaurw. it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Cramond do attend the said } Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Faikney do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Godfrey do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered,'That Mr. John Barton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Samuel Gower do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Oxenford do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Dutton do attend the said ‘Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Goodchild do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Boehm, Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Heuckell, Merchant, do at* tend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Payne the younger, Mer* chant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Guertz, Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Libert Dorien, Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vognell, Merchant, do attend the said Committee at "the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ludolph Spellerbergh. Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time*

Ordered, That Mr. John Jacob Held, Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Launcelot Andrezvs, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Grub, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Ml*. Thomas Smith, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Cookson, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the lime time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Sedgwick, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

7 S Ordered,

6

0 Marti

<5i8

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Mosely, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas Setcole, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. David Barclay, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Rev is, Linen-draper, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill, Linen-draper, do attend the said Commirtce at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe, Solicitor of the Customs, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul, Deputy Collectof of the Customs inwards, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Lotter* to re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1744, a be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Poor Laws. , Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying feme Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Levant The Order of the Day being read for the Second Read-Trade. ing of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in: And the said Bill was read a Second time:

And the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants -of England trading into the Levant Seas, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And several Clauses of the Charter, granted to the said Company by King Charles the Second, were read:

And a Witness was examined.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the'laid'foil' be as burned till *tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 die Martii \

Anno 17° Georgii Hdi Regis, 1743. Prayers.

Wayl nE SOL FED, That this House will, upon Monday ml Meant. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Chnfider further bf Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

18

A. 1743.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill) the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Annuities for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a and Lottcl> Lottery, in maimer therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1744, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed’ to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Middleton the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Tya* Lane Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Road* Riding of the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made' to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 41. After " Blackburnef to insert " the " Reverend Master Richard Robinson

Pr. 34. L. 11. To leave out " Post-house," and in-r fert <c Sign of the Fox and Hounds."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the End of Midleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Greeta-bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smith fort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkitfon, Mr. Fere, Mr. OJball $tudley deft on, Mr. Carter, Mr. Cope, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bridge, &c. Cor new all, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Winford, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hunger ford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, pafl'ed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fivft, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chip* penham, in the County of Wilts’, and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County; is committed. n

An ingrossed Bill for extinguishing a Right of Com- Ripon, *4 mon claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Pro- 4flclofurt. prietors of antient Burgages and Tenements in JUpok, Littlethdrp, 'and Bondgate, in the County of York, and for ’settling and providing an Equivalent for the ,feid Common Right, W&s read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and -Proprietors of antiettt Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorp, and 1Bondgate, in -the County of York, and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baptist Levcfon Gower do carry to Coleshill, the Lords the ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing Road, the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of

Stafford, and from thenceto the City of Che/ler; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned; and desirethe 'Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr.- OJbaldefton have Leave to go Leave of Yrito the Country for Month* upon extraordinary Absenc* Occasions.

Ordered,

17 Geo. II. 150 — -1 0 Martii. 19

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Harley have Leave to go ipto the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Biding,

Abfeuae. Country fora Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. or Division, wherein such Corporations or F^anchiTes are

situate.

Cornwall Ordered, That Mr. Speaker\do issue his Warrant to And the said Clause was brought up; and once read,

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the with a Blank.

Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

Parliament for the County of Cornwal/> in the Room of Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Sir William Carew Baronet, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and London A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Mr. Allen:

Sweet*. Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Mr. Speaker,

An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the The Lord have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Earl of City of London, was read a Second time. impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Plimcutk,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grandfather aC*

Calvert, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Scot, Sir James mas Lewis Esquire, in the County of Glamorgan: To Grant, Dr. Butler, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Skutlleworth, Mr. which the Lords desire ^he Concurrence of this House:

Compton, Sir John Gordon, Sir Daniel Lambert} Sir Roger And also,

Newdigate, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Mr. Archer, Sir Thomas The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sutton'*

Drury, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Geo.Oxenden, Mr. veiling the settled Estate of Sir Robert Sutton, in the , Ettate*

Powney, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Chester, Sir Cordell Birebrace, County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, for dif-Sir John Philipps, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman charging several Mortgages and Incumbrances, and for Marshail, Sir John Strange, Sir John Chapman, Mr. laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale,

Hoblyn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Pel/owes, Mr. in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together

West, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Young, with his Estate in the County of Lincoln, to the Uses

Lord Carpenter, Mr. Digby, Mr. Legh, Mr. Grant, therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con-

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Kent, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Cope, currence of this House.

Mr. Pryje, Mr. Foley; and all the Members who serve And then the Messengers withdrew, for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Taking tho in the Speakers Chamber. resolve 1 tself into a Committee of the whole House, upon qou*v

the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Eic£ion*. Bafsleden An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part

Heath for inclosing the common and waste Ground called Bafsle- of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Par-Inclosure. don Heath, in the County of Berks, was read the Third tiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers time. at such Elections;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Ordered, That Mr. Powney do carry the Bill to the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed upon the said Bill, to the fame, without any Amendment.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Linen Loughborough An ingrossed Bill for further continuing and making to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manicure* fcoads. more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing of Great Britain and Ireland;

the Roads from the Town of Loughborough, in the County Resolved, That this House will, upo.n Saturday Morn-of Leicester, to the Town of Derby, in the County of ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Derby; and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered

Brajfwgton, in the said County of Derby; and from the to attend this Day the said Committee of the whole said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, in House, do attend the said Committee upon Saturday the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe House, in the Parish Morning next. of Hartington, in the said County; was read the Third

time. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Morning, Nine of the Clock,

be, An Act for continuing and making more effectual

an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Ma- ——

jesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and TZ . *07--

from the 1 own of Derby, in the County of Derby. VenertS, 16 die Mar til J

Ordered, That' Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lord%.and cleiire their, Concurrence. Anno 17° Gcopgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Prayers.

Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Stu^cf( the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in Inhabitants, of the Pari fh of Corsham, in the County Bridge

the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; repre- through intituled, An -Act for the Relief of the Poor, was com- Tenting to the House, That she Petitioners apprehend it Chippenham mitted, he now read. will be extremely detrimental to them, and others in the Roa

And the said Order being read accordingly; Neighbourhood of the said Parish of Corsham, if the Bill

The House proceeded to take the said Report into for repairing the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in Consideration: And the Amendments, made by the the said County of Wilts, (Iiould pass into a Law (much Committee to she said Bill, being severally read a Second the greatest Part of the said Road being within the said time, were (except One, which was disagreed to), upon Parish) ;' not only because the said Road is rarejy.uferj, the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments but because it will be burthenfbmc, and impose a Lawoji to several of them, agreed to by the House. the Petitioners, which they conceive is by no.means ne-

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ena- cessary, the Laws extant being sufficient to repair the fame; bl ing. Persons aggrieved by Rates or Assessments signed by and which t hey are able, ready, and willing, toputiq Execu- Justices of‘Peace of Corporations or Franchises, 'wherein tion: And therefore praying, That so much of the£id Bill,

there are not Justices of the Peace, to appeal to the as relates to the Road from Chippenham to Pkkzuck, may Vol. 24. Mt

by

Sutton *« Estate.

North

Stoneham

Inclosure.

Mareham le Fen Inclosure.

Powys’

Estate.

Jfcgnall’s

Eftaic.

62O

160 Martii. ^.1743,

stot pass into a Law; or that such other Relief may be given, as to *he House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Robert Silt ton, in the County o\ Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages and Incumbrances; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with his Estate in the County of Lincoln, to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming Agreements made for inclosing and dividing Part of 'North Stoneham Common, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Laroche, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Coplefion, Sir Hugh Smithforl, Mr. Crowlet Mr. Which cote, Mr. White, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Legh, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Mount ague. Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Torke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Bankes, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Henley, Mr. Warburton, M r. Gwynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Che/wynd, Mr. Jenyns; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common, called the Severals and the Moor, lying in the Manor and Parish of Mareham le Fenn, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Ten Persons, whose respective Rights and Interests do not amount, in the Whole, to One fifteenth Part in Value of the Land intended to be inclosed; One of the said Pej^ons, it appeared, was in Parts beyond the Seas; and the Place of Abode of another of the said Persons was unknown: Three others, upon being apprized of the Contents of the said Bill, declared they would not oppose the same; and 3S to the remaining Persons, Three of whom are Infants, and Coheirs to the late Christopher Majon, deceased, and the Two others of whom are Infants, and Heirs to the late John Foster, no Evidence was given, that any Persons on their behalf had been applied to for their Consent); and that th’e Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the , Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir William Corbett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Edward Powys Esquire, and Katheyne his Wife, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts; and for securing an Equivalent-for the fame, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and their Issue; and of Thomas Powys Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and founc) the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported^ from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for Sale of the Capital Messuage at Roughampton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Bagnall Esquire, deceased; and forpurchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bid in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Legh, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bury, Mr. Cooke, Mr. James Grenville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. James Martin, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gu/ston, Mr. Philltpfon, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Nesbit, Mr. Lcckyer, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hume, Mr. Newnham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dec, in the County Palatine of Chester; and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates, in lieu thereof; is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Pli-mouth, an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grandfather, Thomas Lewis Esquire, in the County of Glamorgan, Was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Alien:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards d.scharging the Debts and Incumbrancesaffefting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Ayjhcomte Gentleman, lying in the County of Warwick; and for settling another Estate, in the same County, ot greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which- the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Abraham Andrew do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Josiah Wallis do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Titus West do attend the said Committee at the same time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Ayjhcombe Gentleman, lying in the County of Warwick; and for

settling

Dee

Navigation.

Earl of Plimouth’s Estate.

Lord Cdier’i Ethtc.

Ayfocombe’s

Estate.

Lin^n

ManufactarM*

Lord Cahcr’s Estate.

Ay ft)combe’s ' Estate.

Merchants

Claims on Spain by Convention

of 1739-

17’Geo. II. 16° Martii. bit

settling another Estate, in the same County, of greater and Spain, bearing Date at Pardo the 14th Day of Jann-Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other ary 1739, N. S. to be applied, together with the further Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time. Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds, to be advanced by

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Crown of Spain, towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty’s injured Subjects, for the Damages they have A Petition of several Merchants of London, who trade sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards: That a to Portugal, Spain, and J/tf/y, whose Hands are there- Commission has lafely issued for the Distribution of such unto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the Sums as have arisen from Reprizals taken from the Spani-House; ardsoX the (freaking out of the present War with Spabi,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's amongst the suffering Merchants; but does not extend so Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, far back as to take in the Petitioners Cafes: That the Pe-having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, titioners have been recommended to his Majesty by this recommends it to the Consideration of the House. House as aforesaid, and their Claims on the Crown of Spain

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; allowed in the Convention at the Pardo, and the said Sum setting forth, That the Petitioners had their Ships and of Sixty thousand Pounds granted by Parliament remain-Effects taken at Sea, and in Port, by the Spaniards, in ing undisposed of, whereout the Petitioners might receive the Year 1718, before War was declared: That, in the a Satisfaction for their Losses, and as the Petitioners hum-Year 1721, there was a Peace concluded with the Crown bly conceive was the Intent of the Legislature in granting of Spain', and it was expressly agreed, that ail Goods, that Sum; but the King of not performing his Part Merchandize, Monies, Ships, and other Effects, which of the said Convention, the said Sum granted by Parlia-were seized or taken before War was declared between ment cannot, as the Petitioners are informed, be applied

the Two Crowns, or since, should be immediately restored in the Species as they were seized or taken; or else there should be paid the just and true Value they were worth at the Time they were seized or taken; and Orders were sent to the Intendants of the several Provinces in Spain, &c. that what was stipulated might be complied with in every Particular: That, in March 1728, the Petitioners petitioned this House; setting forth their great Losses, and proved many Particulars thereof, at the Bar, in so plain and full a Manner, that the House, on the Third of April following, came to the following Resolution: " That several Ships, Merchandize, and Efftds, " belonging to the Petitioners, had been taken by the Spaniards, in manifest Violation of the Treaties fub-4< fitting between the Two Crowns, for which no Recti-.<c tut ion had yet been made,£fjV.and addressed his Majesty thereon: That, in January 1729-30, an absolute Peace was made with Spain, and all former Conventions and Treaties, in favour of Trade and Navigation, were renewed and confirmed; and that a just and ample Restitution and Reparation, for all unlawful Seizures and Depredations, were expressly stipulated and agreed to: That, some time after, Commissaries were appointed to go to Spain, to examine and adjust all such Matters as, by the Treaty of Sevill, were referred to the Examination and Discussion of Commissaries, to be appointed by the Kings of Great Britain and Spain; and public Notice was given, that all Merchants and others, who had any Claims to be laid before the said Commissaries, might forthwith bring them to the Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with such Proofs and Vouchers of their several Losses, authenticated in such manner as the Claimants should judge most convenient: That the Petitioners, according to these Directions, did deliver to the said Lords Commissioners their Proofs and Vouchers; but as yet they have not received any Satisfaction: That, in January 1738 — 9, a Convention was agreed between the Crown of Great Britain and that of Spain, and Plenipotentiaries were appointed by both Crowns, in order to settle and adjust all Differences which had been raised on account of visiting, searching, and taking, of Vessels, &V.; and it was agreed, that the King of Spain should cause to be paid to his Britannic Majesty the Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds, for a Balance which had been admitted as due to sche Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the Crown and Subjects of Spain; to the End, that the above-mentioned Sum, together with the Amount of what has been acknowledged, on the Part of Great Britain, to be due to Spain on her Demands, may be employed by the King of Great Britain, for the Satisfaction, Discharge, and Payment, of the Demands of the English Subjects upon the Crown of Spain; and accordingly the Parliament granted the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, being the Sum acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, and agreed by the King of Spain, in the Convention between Great Britain Yol. 24.

for the Purpose it was intended, or towards making a Satisfaction to the suffering Merchants for their Losses, without the further Direction of Parliament: And praying the House to take their unfortunate same into Consideration, and to grant them Relief out of the said Money given by Parliament, as aforesaid; or in such manner, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Geo. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. James Grenville, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Montague, Mr. Stanley, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr.

Hooper, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. fVinnington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Alderman Marshall, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Winford, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Newnham, Mr. War burton. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Crawfurd, Mr. Southwell\

Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Stert, Mr. Ellis, Mr. CurZm,

Mr. Waif on, Mr. Crawley', and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Troopi in the Account, laid before the House on the 13th Day of British P*y this Instant March, of the extraordinary Charges of the Serving in Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Ger- an crl*

many, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to a feied Committee: That they do examine the fame; and report the Fads, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} M5-

T^for theN^"^ ]

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Moyiday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Newnham have Leave Duty on to make a Motion; it being after Seven of the Clock: CamWck*,

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the New Duty of Two Shillings And Ten Pence per Piece on Cambricks 7 T imported.

by

6n i 6 — 170 — 19® 1743.

n imported, from Midsummer 1742, to Christmas 1743:

And also, an Account of what Part of the find Duty has been applied as a Bounty on British and Irish Linens exported.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Linen Ma- Ordered, That the Land Surveyors of the Customs do,

nurtures. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Farratty Linen-draper, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens, imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive (which was presented to the House upon the Third Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. 6peaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Merchants and Dealers in the Manufacture and Trade of Linen; and that the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the Sixth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Stare of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland\

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170 die Martii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1743.

Lunce, 190 die Martii;

Anno 17° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1743-

Prayers.

Linen Ma- QRDEREDy That Mr. Robert Lambe be immediately nufacturec. summoned to attend Today the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain

and Ireland.

Ditto. A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of New Sarum was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes of this House, that a Committee is appointed to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland; and further setting forth. That the Vent in foreign Markets of great Quantities of the Manufactures, wherein the

Petitioners, and vast Numbets of other Persons in this - Kingdom, are employed, depends in great measure on the

Intercourse of Trade between those Countries and this Kingdom, and the taking of Linen Goods from thence, in Part of Payment; notwithstanding which, the Balance remains in favour of this Kingdom, as the Petitioners have great Reason to believe; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners are apprehensive there may '* be some Design to lay an additional Load or Burthen upon foreign Linens imported hither; in which Cafe, the Petitioners have too much Reason to fear the Loss of the valuable Exports of the Manufactures they are employed in, whereby the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other British Subjects at present employed in the Woollen. Manufacture, will be brought to the greatest Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that they may have Liberty to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, before the House shall please to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthen at present lying upon foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Prayers.

SI R Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks.

An ingossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1744, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thousand Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year 1744.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Comptroller General of the Customs, attended at the Door;

Fie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Amount of the New Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence per Piece on Cambricks imported, from the First August 1742 (the Commencement of the said Duty), to Christmas 1743: And also of what Part of the said Duty has been applied as a Bounty on British and Irish Linens exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ditto. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland;

An

African

Company.

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery.

Duty on Cambricks, See.imported.

i7 Geo. II. vf Martii. 3

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the New Duty of 2 s. 10 d. per Piece on Cambricks imported, from the ift August 1742 (the Commencement of the said Duty), to Christmas 1743: And also of what Part of the said Duty has been applied as a Bounty on British and Irish Linens exported.

Amount of the Duty. Bounty.

From 1 ft August 1742, to Christmas 1743 - L * d. 3 4 £. s. d. 210 12 Z

Custom-House, London,

the 19th March 174L R. Par/ons, Comptroller General.

Trade with Germany.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Powys’

Estate.

BagnalPs

Eliate.

Westminster

Bridge.

Ditto.

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from England and Germany > for Fifteen Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguidling each Year, and each Species of the said Exports and Imports.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. John Mitchell have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Edward Powys Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in Trustees, for raffing Money to pay Debts; and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and their Issue; and of Thomas Powys Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns; was read the Third Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Corbett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed t;o the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Capital Messuage at Roughampion, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Bagnall Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another Estate to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was read the Third time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey', and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon T/iurfdayThxez Weeks, resolve i11 elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, that the Resolution (That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted tp his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to finifti the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them), which was, upon the 10th Day of February last, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; and was then agreed to by the House; might be read:

Yol. 24.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to insert a Clause or Clauses therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Philip Bearcroft be desired to preach before this House, at St, Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the Eleventh Day of April next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fast: And that the Lord Perceval, Mr. Ellis, and Sir Hugh Smith/on, do acquaint him therewith.

Notice being taken, that, in the Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743* incurred, and not provided for by Parliament (which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House), there is an Article as followeth: " To the Duke of " Aremberg, to put the Austrian Troops in Motion, ‘‘ Anno, 1742, Forty thousand Pounds

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the issuing and paying to the Duke of Aremberg the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to put the Austrian Troops in Motion, in the Year 1742, is a dangerous Misapplication of public Money*-and destructiveraf the Rights of Parliament;

The House was moved, that the Journal of the House of the 27th Day of January, in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Report of the several Resolutions for granting to her Majesty several Sums of Money for the extraordinary Services for the Year 1; 06, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly;

And the previous Question being put. That the Question proposed, That the issuing and paying to the Duke of Aremberg the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to put the Austrian Troops in Motion^ in the Year 1742, is a dangerous Misapplication of public Money, and destructive of the Rights of Parliament, be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T*»h*'Y«4ted4a£?* K

<« * i

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed;

Ordered,

Dr. Bearcroft to preach on Fall-Day.

Money paid to Duke of Aremberg.

Way* and Means.

Poor Laws.

by

Supply,

Bowater's

Estate.

Correspondence of Admiral Mathews and the Navy Beard.

624 19 — 20* Marfii. A. 1745.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be now referred to the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j fZjT^nlor: } 2°?'

Tellers for the Noes, j yZbfeZvnmn. ] ^6'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they'had come to a Resolution.; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 200 die Martii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

MR. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground in Woolwich^ Part of the settled Estate of Edward Bowater Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement with the Commissioners of the Navy; and for applying the Money arising by suchSale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Gajkry, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Admiral Matheivs, dated the 17th Day of April 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Portsmouth Storeship, N° 1.

2. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 6th of May 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Buchatian, N° 2.

3. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 7th May 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Dragon, N® 3.

4. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 19th July 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Tryton9 N° 4.

N® j. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 6th August 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ketty and Bet fey, and Rujfelly N° 5. 5.

6. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the i8rh August 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ships Ranger and James Frigate, N° 6. 6.

7. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 13th October 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Betty, N® 7.

8. Extract of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 2d November 1742.

9. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 3d November 1742; with an Account cf Stores on board the Ship Genoa Galley, N® 8.

10. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 8th of November 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Prince of Orangey N® 9.

11. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 9th November 1742.

12. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 13th of November 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Resolution, N® 10.

13. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 3d December 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Henrietta, N® 11.

14. Extract of another Letter from the Navy Board,

' dated the 17th December 1742.

15. Extract of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 24th June 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Rose, N® 12.

16. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 9th February 1742; with Two Accounts, to which the same refer; also ah Account of Stores on board the P&rtfmouth Store-rtlip, N° 13.

17. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 22d February 1742; with an Account of Stores on board the Neptune, N° 14.

18. Extract of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 30th March 1743.

19. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dkted the 3d May 1743; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Tygery N® 15.

20. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 17th May 1743; with an Account of Stotes on board the Argyle, N® 16.

21. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 23d May 1743; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Pelham, N* 17.

22. Extract of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the iyrh June 1743.

23. Copy of another Letter from the Navy Board, dated the 30th December 17*3; with an Account of Stores on board the Ship Wincliefeay N® 18.

24. An Account of Stores laden on board the Ship Anny for Port Mahony dated at Deptford Yardy the 19 July 1743.

25. An Account of Stores laden on board the Ship Peter and Mary, for Gibraltar, dated at Deptford, the 29 July 1743.

26. An Account of Stores laden on board the Ship Neptune, for Port Mahony dated at Deptford^ the 23d September 1743.

27. An Account of Stores laden on board the Deptford Storeship, for Gibraltar and Port Mahony dated at Deptford Yard, the 6th November 1743.

28. An Account of Stores laden on board the Portsmouth Storeship, for Gibraltar and Port Mahony dated at Deptfdrd Yard, the 19th February

1743-

29. An Account of Stores laden on board the Discovery Pink, for Port Mahony dated at Plymouth Yard, the nth February 1743

30. An

17 Geo. II. 20° Mar625

30. An Account of Stores laden on board the 'frelawney Store ship, for Port Mahon, dated at Deptford Yard, the 6 March 1743.

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Navy Board, dated the 6 June 1742.

2. Copy of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 14 June 1742.

3. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

24 June 1742.

4. Copy of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 8 July 1742.

5. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 31 July 1742; also an Extra# of a Letter from the Storekeeper at Port Mahon to the Admiral, dated the 18 July 1742.

6. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 17 of September 1742; also an Extra# of a Letter from the Storekeeper at Port Mahon to the Admiral, dated the 15 August 1742.

7. Copy of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 25th September 1742.

8. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 8 November 1742.

9. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 2!ft November 1742; with Two Copies, to which the same refer.

10. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 7th March 1742.

11. Extra# of another Letter from the Admiral, dated

the 2d May 1743.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bouud up with the other Papers of this Session.

Correspon- The Lord Baltimore, from the Commissioners for exe-n^raf°M^ cOting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, thews and the Presente(^ to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Admiralty, Majesty,

&c- N° 1. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 14th June 1742 s inclosing

2. State of Ships under the Command of Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews.

3. Account of Provisions remaining in Store at Gib-

raltar.'

4. Account of Provisions remaining in Store at Ma-

hon.

5. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 24th June 1742.

6. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated 10th / July 1742,

7. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated 26th July 1742.

8. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated 2d August 1742; inclosing

9. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 31 July 1742.

10. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated 16 August 1742.

11. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty,.dated 17 September 1742; inclosing

12. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Gregson, Storekeeper

at Mahon, to Vice-Admiral Mathews, dated 15 of August 1742.

13. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 17 September 1742.

Vol. 24.

14. State of the Ships with Vice-Admiral Mathew's,

dated 13 September 1742.

15. State of the Sick at Mahon Hospital.

16. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 25th of September 1742.

17. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated 28 October 1742; inclosing

18. Copy of aLetter from Captain Martin, Commander

of his Majesty's Ship the Ipswich, to Vice-Admiral Mathews, dated 27 October 1742.

19. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 8 No-v ember 1742.

20. Extra# of aLetter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 16 of November 1742; inclosing

21. Extra# of a Letter from the Naval Storekeeper at

Mahon to Vice-Admiral Mathews, dated the ’ 10th of November 1742.

22. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews

to the Secretaries of the Admiralty, dated the 2 zd December 1742; inclosing

23. Condition and Disposition of the Ships with Vice-

Admiral Mathews, dated the 22d of December

,1742-

24. Lift of the Ships careened since 18 th of May 1742.

25. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 29th December 1742.

26. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 3d January 1742; inclosing

27. State and Condition of the Ships with Vice-Admi-

ral Mathews.

28. Extra# of a Letter fresh Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 17 January 1742.

29. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 9th February \ 742.

30. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 26 February 1742.

31. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 10 March 17425 inclosing

32. Disposition of the Ships under the Command of

Vice-Admiral Mathews.

33. State of the Ships with Vice-Admiral Mathews.

34. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 2 r of March 1742.

35. Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 28 March 1743.

36. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 5 April 1743.

37. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 18 April 17435 inclosing

38. Disposition of the Ships under the Command of

Vice-Admiral Mathews.

39. State and Condition of Ships.

40. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 13 of May 17435 inclosing

41. Disposition of the Ships under the Command of

Vice-Admiral Mathews.

42. State of his Majesty's Ships in Hieres Road, as to

Men.

43. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 20th May 1743.

44 Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

"Mr. Corbett, dated 6th and 12th June 1 7435 in- doling

45 Disposition of the Ships.

46. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated the 30 June, and 5 July, 1743.

47. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 17 July 1743.

48. Extra# of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to

Mr. Corbett, dated 9th, 13th, and 1 ^th, August 17435 inclosing

7U

49- Dif-

626 20° M1743.

84. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 14 March 1742 , inclosing

85. State of Vice-Admiral Mathews' Squadron as to

Men.

86. Exr'ra# of Letters from Rear-Admiral Haddock.

87. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett co Vice-Ad,

miral Mathews, dated 2S April 174.3.

88. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 25 May 1743.

89. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 31st May 1743.

90. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mat hews, dated tft June 1743.

91. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 18 June 1743; inclosing

92. Lift of Storeships and Victuallers which went under

Convoy of the Diamond to the Mediterranean.

93. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr. Cor-

bett, dated 16 June 1743.

94. Extra# of a Letter from Portsmouth Officers to the

Navy Board, dated 19th May 1743.

95. Account of Sails furnished the Princessd.

96. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Admi-

ral Mathews, dated 23d June 1743.

97. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated t August 1743; inclosing

98. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr. Cor-

bett, dated 4th July 1743.

99. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Joseph Browning to thfe

Navy Board, dated 24th June 1743.

100. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral

Mathews, dated 13 September 1743; inclosing

101. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of

the Admiralty to Admiral Mathews, dated 13 September 1743.

102. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral

Mathews, dated 9th December 1743.

103. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral

Mathews, dated 14 December 1743; inclosing

104. Extra# of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr,

Corbett, dated 14 November 1743.

105. Copy of a Letter from the Officers of his Majesty’s

Yard at Plymouth to the Navy Board, dated 28 August 1743-

106. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral

Mathewsy dated 11 January 1743; inclosing

107. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr. Cor-

bett, dated 17 December 1743.

108. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Simpson and

Browning to the Navy Board, dated 9 December 1743-

109. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral

Mathews, dated 13 February 17435 inclosing

110. Lift of Storeships and Vi#uallers designed for the

Mediterranean. hi. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral Mathewsy dated 16 February 1743.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Correspon- 49* Disposition of the Ships.

dence of Ad- 50. Extra# ofa Letter From Vice-Admiral Mathews to miral Ma- Mr. Corbel7, dated 15 September 1743.

Admiralty', 5r Extra# of* Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr. Sec, Corbett, dated 21 September 1743.

52. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 11 of October 1743.

53. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 30 October 17435 inclosing 54* Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Gregson to Admiral Mathews, dated at Mahon, SOctober 1743.

5J. Comparison between Admiral Mathews' original and present Squadron.

56. Disposition of the Ships under the Command of

Admiral Mathews.

57. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 6 November 1743 5 inclosing

58. An Account of Slops remaining on board the Stirling Castle, the 1 ft November 1743.

59. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr*

Corbett, dated 14 November 1743.

60. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Coibett, dated 26 November 1743.

61. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 3 January 17435 inclosing

62. Disposition of the Ships with Admiral Mathews.

63. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 10 January 1743.

64. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 11 January 1743.

65. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbett, dated 1 j January 1743.

66. Extra# of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Mr.

Corbetty dated 31 January 1743.

67. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 27 July 1742.

68. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 5 August 1742.

69. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miFal Mathews, dated 8 September 1742.

70. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathevjs, dated 16 September 1742.

71. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 22 October 1742s inclosing

72. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to the Navy

Board, dated 9 October 1742.

73. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 16 November 1742; inclosing

74. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr. Cor-

bett, dated 22d October 1742.

75. An Account of the Sails and Cordage that were

sent in the Storeships that failed under Convoy of the Newcastle.

76. Account of Sails in Store at Gibraltar.

77. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 3 December 1742.

78. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Vice-Ad-

miral Mathews, dated 4th Fcbruaty 1742; inclosing

79. Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 30 December 1742.

80. Lift of Vi#ualling Ships laden with Provisions for

Vice-Admiral Mathews' Squadron.

81. An Account of the Tonnage and Naval and Hof-

pital Stores, that have been sent to the Mediterranean in the Storeships that failed with, and since Vice-Admiral Mathews failed from Spit-head, the 17th April 1742, with those that are now loading, and ordered to be provided, at Deptford, for Port Mahon.

82. Extra# of a Letter from the Navy Board to Mr.

Corbett, dated 25 January 1742.

83. Sails and Cordage remaining in Store at Port

Mahon, the 31 August 1742.

Mr. Brereton, from the Commissioners for vi#ualling Correspon-his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to dence of Ad-their Address to his Majesty, I"iral Ma*

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Vic- vfai^iing tualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 9th June 1742: office.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to-Admiral Mathews, dated 30 June 1742:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of die Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 11 August 1742:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 8 December 1742;

Copy

1

J

1

Studley Bridge, &c. Road. 1

17 Geo. II.

20

Martii.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 22 December 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling ro Admiral Mathews, dated 2 February 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 14 February 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 24 February 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 16 March 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 16 May 1743: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 23 May 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 22 June 1743: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling'to Admiral Mathews, dated 1 July 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 7 ;7«/y 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 10 August 1743: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 26 October 1743: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 24 November 1743: Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling to Admiral Mathews, dated 8 December 1743: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 23d August 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews ro the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 5 November 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for V iCluailing, dated the 11 December 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 5 January 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 6 January 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 24th January 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the February 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 7 March 1 742:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 21 March 1742: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 18 April 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 30 May 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathezvs to the Commissioners for Victualling, daced the 13 June 1 743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 23 July 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 26 August 1743: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 19 November 1743: Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathezvs to the Commissioners for Victualling, dated the 5 January 1743: Together with a List of the said Letters.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-VOL. 24.

unto; which they had directed him to report to the Houft; '

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir James Hamilton have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Abfcr.ee. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speke have Leave to go into the Ditto. Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long have Leave to go into Ditto, the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Grant have Leave to go into the Ditto. Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom Hervey’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, imituled, An Act for Name, confirming to the Honourable Henry Hervey, Clerk* and Katherine his Wife, and their 1 flue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas A lion Baronet, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sutton’i for veiling the settled Estate of Sir Robert Sutton, in the EUate. County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages and Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with his Estate in the County of Lincoln, to the Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Warbur ton, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Comptroller, Sir W'at-kin IVms. Wynn, Lord H m. Manners, Lord Baltimore Mr. Delme, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Holmes, Lord Perceval, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Dodington, Lord Middle/,x, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Strickland, Sir Henry Liddell, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Coke,. Mr. Chester, Sir Robert Long, Sir Edward Bering, Mr. Fox, Mr, Prowje, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Mcrjcn, Sir James Grant, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Bristow, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Lccke, Mr. Torke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Boone; and all the Members who serve for the Coumies of Nottingham and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the lords, intituled, An Act Ayfhcombe’j for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John aiyftjccmbe Ellate-Gentleman, lying in the County of Warwick, and for settling another Estate in the same County, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pytts,

Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lijier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savill, Sir James Grant, Sir John Philipps, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Crew, Mr. Thomas Lifter, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. John Torke, Dr. Newland, Mr. Carter,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Proby, Mr. Rowney,

Sir Francis Dap wood, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Stewart, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. U inford,

Mr. Boone, Sir John CuJl, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Pry/e, Mr. Buncombe; and all the

Members

iby GOO

Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, ^r-wick, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of F!i- An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act mouth's to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Pii-Estate. muthy an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grandfather Thomas Lewis Esquire, in the County of Glamorgan, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer^ Mr. Winfer d, Mr Fytts, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gee. Grenville, Lord Guernsey, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shuttle-worthy Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Crawley, Dr. Lee, Lord Barrington, Mr. Dormer, Lord Perceval, Lord Hartington, Mr. APkye, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Crowle, Lord Baltimore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Finch, Sir Cordell Fire-; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Wbrcester, and Wilts, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Foot Laws. Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some Defers in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed , be now read:

And the said Order was read accordingly.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mf. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dunes on for granting to his Majesty the Surplus, or Remainder, of

Spirit®, the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on spirituous

Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for explaining and amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; without any Amendment: And also,

Derby Roads. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

EaflLangton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act v\c.Common for confirming an Agreement made to exchange certain Rights. Rights of Common in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets, of F.aft Langton, West Langton, Church Langton, and Thorpe Langton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling a yearly Sum to be paid to the Rector of the said Pamh, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes; without any Amendment: And also,

Borrow- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ftounness for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part Har our. of a peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer,

which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowstounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town 5 without any Amendment: And also,

Coleshill, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Road. more effectually repairing the Road from Colejhilly in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford', and from thence to the City of Chester; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned} without any Amendment: And also,

Middleton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tya* Lane' for repairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton oa ’ Tyas Lane, over Gatherley Moor, to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York} without any Amendment: And also,

Flecknoe In- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act closure. for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, called

Martii. . 1743.

Flecknoe, in the Parish of IVolfhampcoat, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Consideration Poor Laws, of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying some Defects in an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled.

An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed:

And the Clauft: which, upon Thursday last, was offered to be added to the Bill, being read a Second time, the Blank therein was filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Money paid Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- to the Duke reftions* that there be laid before this House, Copies of of Aremberg. all Memorials, Letters, and Representations, from the Queen of Hungary, her Ministers* or Generals, ro his Majesty, his Ministers, or Generals, relating to the Sum of £.40*000 paid to the Duke of Aremberg, to put the Austrian Troops in Motion, Amo 1742; together with the Warrants or Orders for the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of die whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five hundred Twenty-four thousand and Twenty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, on Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops serving in Flanders, incurred in the Years 1742 and 1743, and not provided for by Parliament.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } i*3-

J196.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the fur- Levant ther Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for enlarging and Trade, regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,2i° die Martii;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

'T'HE House being informed, that the Order, made Trade with X upon Monday last (That the proper Officer do lay Germany, before this House, an Account of the total Amounts of l3 the

17 Geo. II.

i i0 Martii.

629

Bowatcrrf8

Estate.

Leave of

Absence.

Mareham le Feno Iqc1o< sure.

Answer to Address.

Correspondence with Admiral Mathews.'

the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germany, for Fifteen Iftars, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year, and each Species of the said Exports and Imports) could nor, in due time, be complied with; ...

Ordered, That the said Order bedischarged.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; di-stinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing how rhuch by Woollen Manufactures, how much by other British Manufactures, and how much by foreign Commodities, re-exported; as also how much by Linens, and how much by other foreign Commodities, imported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground in Woolwich, Part of the settled Estate of Edward Bowater, Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement with the Commissioners. of the Navy; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pais*

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common, called the Several and the Moor, lying in the Manor and Parish of Marebam le Fenn, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Rejohedy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, London, March 24th 1741 — 2:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, March 31 ft 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, April 2d 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men>Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, April yth 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathezvs to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa . Franca Harbour, June hth 1742: inclosing

Dispoficion of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterra-nearly June 6th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Scores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, June 24th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, "July 2©th 1742: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, t&CQy Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, July 29th 1742:

Vol. 24.

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathew's to the Duke of Neivcajiky so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, Jufy 25th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, lb far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, August qth 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews ro the Duke of Ntwtastle, so far as it relares to a Supply of Ships; Mtn, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road\ September 17th 17421

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-Admiral Mathews, so far as ic relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, September 30th 1742:

Copy Of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as ic relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road\ October 26th 1742; inclosing

Condition of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, October 24th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, November 8th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, December 24th 1742:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, December 2 2d 1742; inclosing

Condition and Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, December 22d 1742:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-Admiral Mathews, so far as ic relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, January 18th 1742 — 3:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, January 28th

*74^ — 3:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Neivcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road January 10th 1742 — 3; inclosing

Extract of Mr. Corbett's Letter to Vice-Admiral Mathews, October 2 2d 1742:

Lift of Ships in Hieres Road, January loth:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral ftiatbews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, February 24th 1747-; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty's Ships in the Mediterranean, February 25th 1741-:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathezvs to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other, Necessaries, Hieres Road, March 13th 1742 — 3; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, March 10th 1742 — 3:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or ocher Necessaries. Hieres Road\ March 20th 1742 — 3:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-Admiral Mathews, so far as ic relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, April 26th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as ic relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Scores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, May 12th 1743; inclosing

Disposition of his Majesty's Ships in the Mediterranean, May 13th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Juf-7 X ticca

6$o 21" Martii. 743.

Correrpon- f-ces tc* Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, June

dence with /^h 1743:

Admiral Ms*’ Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-Admiral Mathews, fb far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, June 17th 17/t^ inclosing Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to the Secretary to the Lords Justices, June 10th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from V ice-Admiral Mathews to Lord Carteret, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, June 4th 1743* inclosing Dispofuion of his Majesty's Ships in the Mediterranean, June 4th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Mathews to the Duke of NeivcaJUe, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, June 13 th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Justices to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, June 28th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Lord Carteret to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hanaa, .1-- —

i> July

-1743-

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply cf Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, July 17th *743

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Justices to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Au-gufl 16th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, September 15th 1743; inclosing Extra#: of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Lord Carteret, Villa Franca Harbour, September 13th .1743:

Dispofuion of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, September 15th 1743:

Copy of a Letter froip Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, September lift 1743; inclosing

An Account of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, when cleaned, September 21st 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Juf-vtices to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty October 20th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathezvs to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, October nth 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, November 4th 1743: inclosing

Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissionters of the Admiralty to the Lords Justices, August 22d 1743: inclosing

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral Mathews, August iff 1743:

Lift of Admiral Mathews* Squadron, April 22d

J 743-

Lift of Admiral Mathews' Squadron, August 22d .1743*

Lift of Men of War going to join Admiral Mathews, August 22d 1743:

Copy of Orders lent by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Mathews, &c.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to the Secretary to the Lords Justices, Qflober 26th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships,

Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Frances Harbour, October 30th 17435 inclosing

Lift of Admiral Mathews' original Strehgth, lAc. October 30th 1743:

Dispofuion of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, October 30th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships* Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, November 6th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Admiral Mathews, fb far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions or other Necessaries, December 13th 1743; inclosing Account of Ships going to the Mediterranean, December 8 th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, November 23d 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Ad miral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, December 23d *743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathezvs to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Turin, De-

cember * — 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or ocher Necessaries, January 13th 174L inclosing Extract of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, January 13th J74*:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Villa Franca Harbour, December 23th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, February 3d 174!; inclosing

Copy of a Letter from Captain Brodrick to Mr. Corbett Plymouth, January 30th 174! :v Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Mei), Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, January 3d, 6th, and 8th, 174! 5 inclosing

Dispofuion of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, January 3d 174*:

Extract of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Lord Carteret, Villa Franca Harbour, September 13th 1743:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral Mathews, October 26th 1743:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Corbett to Admiral Mathews, December 9th 1743:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or other Necessaries, Hieres Road, January nth 174*:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to a Supply of Ships, Men, Stores, Provisions, or ocher Necessaries, Hieres Road\ January 14th 1741:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Spicer and Edwards:

Mr.

17 Geo. II.

Mr. Speaker,

TWnhagVs The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for im-EiUic. powering John Yhornhagk Esquire to make a jointure and Provision for his younger Children, out of an Estate coiti-prised in a voluntary Settlement made by Sdint Andrew iThornhagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And Chen the Messengers withdrew.

Linen Ma- A Petition of the several Persons, whose names arc nuUdiurcsfc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of others concerned and employed in the Woollen Manufactures in and about the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Votes of this House, the Petitioners perceive a Committee is appointed to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland; and representing to the House, That the vending in foreign Markets, of great Quantities of the Manufactures, In which the Petitioners, and Numbers of others in this Kingdom, are employed, in great measure depends upon the Intercourse of Trade between this Kingdom and the Places abroad, where such Manufactures are vended, and the taking of Linen Goods from rhence in Part of Payment; notwithstanding which, the Balance remains in favour of this Kingdom, and very greatly in respect to the Manufactures of the Neighbourhood of the said Town; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive there may be some Design to lay an additional Duty or Burthen upon foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, which the Petitioners have great reason to fear will be a means to prevent the Exportation of very large Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, and tend to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and Thousands of other British Subjects employed therein: And therefore praying, That the House will take their same into Consideration; and that they may be at Liberty to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, before the House will please to come to any Resolution to increase the Duty or Burthen upon foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

buna. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to, consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

-i^ered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ge-neraFoh^ Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Majesty5s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Horses loft at the Battle of Dettingen, together with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1743, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia for the Preservation and Defence of his Majesty’s Dominions on the Continent of North America, from the 2 2d of September 1738, to the 2 ad of July 1743, when General Oglethorpe failed for England, to the respective Times those services were severally made up to, and from thence computed to Michaelmas 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 24.

631

Ordered, That the* Estimate of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys, or Schooners, for the Service.of Georgia, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance at Rattan, for the Year 1744, be referred ro the said Committee.

Ordered, That the E^tract of a Letter from Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke of Newcastle, Frederica in Georgia, April 28th 1741 (presented to the House. upon the 31st Day of March lait), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of a Letter from Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke of Newcastle, Frederic# in Georgia, May 12th 174T (presented to the House upon the 31st Day of March last), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter ftom Brigadier General Oglethorpe to the Duke oiNewcastle,. Frederica in Georgia, July 19th 1741 (presented to the House upon the 31st t)ay of March last), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Intelligence incJofed in the said-Letter (presented to the House upon the 31st Day of March last), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Secretary to the Lords Justices to Brigadier General Oglethorpe, October 19th 1741 (presented to the House upon the 31 ft Day of March last), be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 17° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1743.

Prayers.

R. Ongley presented to the House, according to Luton Roads. Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defects, in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St.

Albans, in the County of Hertford-, and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Lord Aber-ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for set- gavenny's tling a Capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, io Estate*

11 the

_ \ 21

21

Martii.

220 Martii.fy43

thfc County of Snjjfex, to divers Uses therein mentioned, for the Benefit of William Lord Abergavenny, and his Family, as an Equivalent for a Sum of Money appointed by a former Act to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands for thdfc Purpose, was committed, That the Committee had efcamihed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Corhmirtee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, witholit any Amendment.

Ter vet f An inor°ffed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act

Name. for confirming to the Honourable Henry Hervey Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and their I flue Male, the Surname and Arms of Aston> pursuance to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.'

Ordered, That Mr. Hedworth have Leave to go to Leave »f the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr* Kenneth M'Kenzie have Leave to Ditto, go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles* Agent Linen* im* to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended ported into at the Door; Scotland.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years; viz. from Christmas 1755, to Christmas 1742.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followech; viz.

An

24* 7 m Ordered\

An ACCOUNTof the Quantities of foreign Linens that have been imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742 }

dist.nguishing the several Species and Years.

SPECIES. From Christ-mns 1735, ro Christmas 1736- 1 From Chr'ft- j mas 1736, to Chnttmas 1737- From Chl ift-mas 1737, to Chriitnias 1738. From Christmas 173^*, to Christmas *739 From Christmas 1739,10 Christmas 1740. FromChrist-mas 1740, to Christmas 17 + 1. From Christmas 1741, to Christmas 1742. TOTALS.

Broad German " Ells. 1,780 Ells. Ells. Ells. Ells. 780 Ells. 121 Ells. Ells. 2,681

Narrow brown, and white German ----- 27,627 6,721 22,142 23,568 26,297 30,260 16,515 I53.I30

Silesia Damask Tabling ----- 107 - - 971 - - 2 5 229f

\ Silesia Damask Towelling - " 360 - 12 - - - ICO 47 2

Narrow brown, and white Silesia - ----- -- 420 420

Ozenbriggs 750 750 613 750 2,000 5,260 - 10,123

Narrow brown, and white East Country - - - - 420 - - - 250 670

Narrow Muscovia - -- - - - 232 232

White Hiriderlands - -- - c ).B 2,950 2,950

Hollands - -- -- - 5.591 4,86l 5,288 *>993* M94 f>797 27 20,75 if

Bag Holland - - - -; - - 126 - - 126

Gcntish Holland - -- -- - - -- - - - 1,176 - \ - - i,i76

Narrow Palonia ----- - - - 762 - - 762

German checquered - -- - - - - 48O - 1 - - - 480

Brown narrow Hinderland - -- - - 600 - - - - 600

Drilling - -- -- - . 720 — j* - - - 720

6 - 6 - - - 12

Custom Mouse, Edinburgh,

15th March 174! Chambre Lewis, A. Comptroller General

17 Geo. II. 22° Martii.

12° Martii.

A. 1743,

Shoreditch

Road.

Supply Bill;

Annuities and Lottery.

Cranford

Bridge, &c. Road.

Leave of Absence.

Thorn hngh\s Estate.

Buckingham

Road.

Studley Iridgr, &c. Road.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the HoufS, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual several Acts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stone's End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Nor^ them Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of One million Eight hundred thou-find Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year 1744, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to thrfJill,' intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his-late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole senior have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary QecafionSv — -

Amingrofled Bill-from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering John Thorn hagh Esquire, to make a Jointure and Provision for his younger Children out of an Estate comprised in a voluntary. Settlement made by St. Andrew Thornhagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased, was read the First time.

Refofved, That the Bill be read* a Second time.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warm-ington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George foe First, {b far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge, to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwilk, in the said County; was read thefThird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George -the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the -Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directedhim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

20

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That# Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-four thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Carfot Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Rattan for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Sixty-six thousand One hundred and Nine Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence be granted to his Majesty, on Account of extraordinary Services incurred in Georgia, for the Preservatiorl and Defence of his Majesty’s Dominions on the Continent of North America, from the 22d September 1738^ to the 29th of September 1743, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand One hundred and Sixty eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge' of Two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, together with the Charge of Half Galleys, or Schooners,

Sailors, and Boatmen, to be employed in Georgia, for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-ieven thousand Sevea hundred an,d Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay and Forage of the General and Staff Officers, and like-wife for the Pay of the Officers of the Hospital serving with his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1744*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for providing Three hundred and Thirty-one Horses loft at the Battle of Dett ingen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Nine hurt-dred and Fifty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying extraordinary Expences and Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1743, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand One hundred and Two Pounds and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Pay . of Artillery People, and Stores provided by the Office of Ordnance, and towards building Fortifications to secure the new Settlement at Rattan, fof the Year 1744.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Taking tl» night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Po,la upon the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, a List of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it flood on the 2d of February last; specifying what Ships were then in Commission, when put into Commission, and where each Ship and Vessel was, ar supposed to be, on the said 2d of February, and likewise the last general Weekly Account come to hand from any Admiral or Commander of a Squadron, the particular Weekly Account of Captains under separate Orders, and the last Weekly Account of the Clerks of the Cheque at the several

Stare of the Nary.

vj Geo. II.

ral Ports, on or before the said 2d of February \ together with the last Weekly Progress from each of his Majesty's Dock Yards, before the said 2d of February,

Royal A font -A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Daltvny to Bill*. Gentleman* Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the Houfg of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus, or Remainder, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, by the Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for explaining and amending the said Act in relation to the Retailers of such Liquors; and for establishing an Agreement with the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies:

An Act for raising by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of One million- Eight hundred thou l and Pounds, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Service of the Year 1744:

An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744;

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion" and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters i An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Cherill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cher ill to the Three Mile Borough at the Top of Cherill Hill, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for continuing and making more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby y in the County of Derby:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick> through the City of Litchfield, to Stone. in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for tepairing the Road leading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gather ley Moor, to Greeta-bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maiden* head Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Peny Staling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Borrowfioun-ness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town:

An Act for settling a Capital Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Eafi Grinfield, in the County of SuJJ'ex, to divers Uses therein mentioned, for the Benefit of William Lord Abergavenny and his Family, as an Equivalent for a Sum of Xloney appointed by a former Act to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields in the Hamlet of Shiptony in the Parish of Winflowy in the County of Bucks:

An Act for inclosing the common and waste Ground called Bafsledon Heath, in the County of Berks:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Vol. 24.

called Flecknoe, in the Parish of Wolfhflmpcoaty in the County, of Warwick:

An Act for confirming an Agreement: made to exchange certain Rights of Common in the Parish, Town-ships, or Hamlets, of East Langton, West Langton, Church Langlon, and Thorpe Langton, in the County of Leicester; and for settling a yearly Sum, to be paid to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common, called the Severalsy and the Moor, lying in the Manor and Parish of Marekam le Fenny in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for Sale of the Capital Messuage at Roughamf-ton, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Joseph Bagnall Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will:

An Act for the Sale of certain Houses and Ground in Woolwichy Part of the settled Estate of Edward Bowater Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement with the Commissioners of the Navy; and for applying the Money ariting by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Edward Powys Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts; and for securing an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of his said Wife, and their I flue; and of Thomas Powys Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns:

An Act for confirming to the Honourable Henry Her-vey Clerk, and Katherine his Wife, and their issue Male, the Surname and Arms of Act on, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, deceased.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question before proposed (That the proper Officer or Officers do Jay before this House, a List of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it flood on t!?e 2d of February last; specifying what Ships were then in Commission, when put into Commission, and where each Ship and Vessel was, or supposed to be, on the said 2d of February; and likewise the last general Weekly Account come to hand from any Admiral or Commander of a Squadron, the particular Weekly Account of Captains under separate Orders, and the last Weekly Account of the Clerks of the Cheque at the several Ports, on or before the said 2d of February; together with the last-Weekly Progress from each of his Majesty’s Dock Yards* before t he laid 2d of February: viz.

After the Words" come to hand,* and before " from,*’ to insert ,4 on or before the said 2d of February

And after the Words " separate Orders," and before cc and, " to insert the Words " come to hand on or be-<c fore the said Second of February

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put. That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House* a List of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as it flood on the 2d of February last; specifying what Ships were then in Commission, when put into Commission, and where each Ship and Vessel was, or supposed to be, on the said 2d of February; and likewise the last general Weekly Account come to hand, on or before the said Second of February, from any Admiral or Commander of a Squadron, the particular Weekly Account of Captains under separate Orders, come to hand on or before the said 2d of February, and the last Weekly Account of the Clerks of the Cheque at the several Ports, on or before the said 2d of February; together with the last Weekly Progress from each of his Majesty’s Dock Yards, before the said 2d of February;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { Jj.

Teller*

Sta*e of the Navy.

Leave of Absence.

Downes*

Estate.

Bcctefeur’s

Nat.

Jtecriming

this Land Forces.

Money paid to Duke of Ar cm berg.

636 2 20 Martii.-

Tellers for the Noes, j j 89.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Fere have Leave to go into the Country lor a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of George Downes Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in Edward Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tl is House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bernard Joachim Boetefeur: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday the 3d

- Day of April next, Nine of the Clock in the Morn-in?.

Mart is, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

r\R DERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy.and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744: And that Mr. Winningion, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. 'Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Extract of Lord Stair9 s Letter to Lord Carteret, Hague, July 13th, N. S. 1 742:

Extract of Lord Stair's Letter to Lord Carteret, Hague, August 23d, N. S, 1742; inclosing

A Memorial, and Translation thereof:

Extract of Lord Stair s Letter to Lord Carteret, Hague, September ift, N. S. 1742; inclosing

A Memorial delivered by the Duke £Aremberg, and'Translation thereof:

Extract of Lord Stairs Letter to Lord Carteret, Hague, 3d September, N. S. 1^42:

Extract of Lord Stair's Letter to Lord Carteret, Ghent, 24th November, N. S. 1742:

Extract of Lord Carteret's Letter to Lord Stair, Whitehall, 19: h November 1742.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The laid Memorials are bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, and also the said several Extrads of Lord Stair's Letters to Lord Carteret, and the said Extract of Lord Carteret's Letter to Lord Stair, are as followeth; viz,

Extract of Lord Stair's Letter to Lord Carteret, dated Hague, July 13, N. S. 1742.

Some Days ago, the Duke of Aremberg told me with great Concern, that the Queen of Hungary was in so great Distress for want of Money, that he was afraid fhc

- 30 Aprilis, A. 1744.

might very soon not be in a Condition to make the weekly regular Payments to‘the Troops Your Lore; ship knows very well of how dangerous Consequence such a Failure might be; and therefore 1 believe your Lordship will be of Opinion, that it would be the King our Master’s In-t ere ft to aftifther Hungarian Majesty forthwith with Money, or Credit for such a Sum as his Majesty shall think proper, either in the Shape of an additional Subsidy, or as a Part of the Subsidies to be granted for another Year. Your Lordship will easily judge of w hat Consequence it is not to have the public Interest mifearry, which Lems to be in so very good a Way.

Extract of Lord Stair's Letter to Lord Carteret, dated Hague, August 23d, N. S. 1742.

The Paper which I fend your Lordship inclosed, contains (bme of the Hints of Things of which the Duke of Aremberg, the Marechal Neipergy and I, have been talking this Morning. I thought it was necessary that his Majesty should be informed without Lob of Tune, that he might give his Orders accordingly,

Translation of the Memorial fenr vn the Earl of Stair s Letter to Lord Carteret, dated Hague, 23d August, 1742, N. S.

Artillery.

The Pensionary and Monsieur Opdam have been already spoke to, to get some from this Country.

It was thought more proper, that the Duke cTArem* berg should make a Demand of the fame, r. ther than myself; but afterwards wc discovered, that Monsieur Fenelon told the Pensionary Yesterday, that the English could undertake nothing for want of Artillery.

We have considered what there was in the Low Countries: There is enough, if the Carriages were good; some Money would be wanting to put it all in Motion. On -the other hand, our Sea Carriages will be sufficient.. In Matters of War, nothing ought to be i’pared.

As we are in want of Hussars, the Two Marshals think it would be very useful to augment the free Companies in the Low Countries, and to mount them forthwith.-Money will be necessary for this Purpose, and fora groat many other Uses; and the Marllials will take care that it will be well employed.

Time is short; every thing must be forced with Money; and, with that, it appears that one might answer for every thing.

- As Things shall appear to be wanting, Notice will be given thereof immediately.

It the mean time, it seems necessary to specify what is above-mentioned, and to fend an Express without Lois of Time.

Duke d'Arembergy Stair, Neipperg.

Extract of a Letter from Lord Stair to Lord Car-I ere), Hague, 1 September, N. S. 1742.

Your Lord ship will perceive one thing by the Memorial inclpfed, which 1 fend for that Purpose; that the Austrians are intirely deficient of Money for moving’ their Bread, Artillery, &c. This is a Point upon which there is no balancing; they mud have Credit for the Money wanted immediately, or there is a total Stop to our Project.

Expences unavoidable for putting the Troops of the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia in a Condition to ad speedily, which are to be joined with those of his Britannic Majesty, and other Allies, according to the Plan of Operations concerted at the Hague, and approved by his Majesty.

1. The

3

Committees.

Kecroiting

the Land Forces.

17 Geo. II.

3° Apri

637

Dutch Money.

I. The Expence for the Carriage and Delivery of the Bread, without includ- Florins, ing the Price of Bread itself, will come to 200,000

2% For Horses, Waggons, Carts, ic. necessary for the Field Artillery, the Sum of - - - - 80,000

3. For putting in a Condition the heavy Artillery, as well for the Defence of Places, as for making use thereof offensively, including the necessary

Powder. - 100,000

4. The Pontons, Planks, Beams, Cordage,

Anchors, fsV. for the Use of the said

Troops, will cost - 60,000

Total

440,000

Extra# of the Earl of Stair's Letter to Lord Carteret, Hague, 3d Sept ember, N. S. 1742.

Your Lordship will perceive, that the Austrians are to get every thing ready; but Money for that Purpose is intirely wanting, as you will have seen by my former Dispatch. That Difficulty, your Lordship easily fees, must be overcome instantly.

Extra# of the Farl of Stair s Letter to my Lord Caiteret, dated Ghent, November 24th, 1742, N.S.

The Marechal de Neippeig tells me, that they are in very great Want of Money in the Atijirian Netherlands: He fays, that there is but Eighteen thousand Five hundred Pounds paid of the Forty thousand Pounds, given by the King to enable them to assist in the Operations projected to be.undertaken in the by-past Autumn* and presses me to give an Order for the Payment of the rest of that Money. I told him, I could not give that Order; but that I should give an Account of their Request, and ftiound fend over whatever Memorials they should think proper upon that Subje#.

Extra# of my Lord Carteret's Letter to the Earl of Stair, Whitehall, 19 November 1742.

As to the Advance of farther Sums out of the for the Use of the Queen’s Troops in the Netherlands, the King would have your Excellency give such Orders for Payments upon it, as you shall find expedient and necessary; that Money being at your Disposition for the Purpose above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to re#ify a Mistake in an A#, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An /\# for the speedy and effe#uar Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744: And the same was received; and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to re#ify a Mistake in an A#, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to re#ify a Mistake in an A#, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Vol. 24.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bufgeffes, Linen of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Mawfaaurtrt-Somerset, and of the Woollen Manufacturers in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observe from the Votes of this House, that a Committee is appointed to consider of the State of the Linen Manufa#uresof Great Britain and Ireland; and further setting forth, That the Exports of the Woollen Goods of the Manufactory of thV laid Town, and of great Part of this Kingdom, is greatly encouraged By taking foreign Linens in Part of Payment, though vastly inferior to the Balance in Trade in favour of the Petitioners, and other Woollen Manufa#urers in this Kingdom; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that any additional Burthen or Duty on foreign Linens imported, will be prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactory of this Kingdom in general; whereby the Petitioners are liable, with all other his Majesty’s Subjects in the Staple Trade of this Nation, to be great Sufferers, and may be reduced to the utmost Poverty: And therefore praying the Confederation of the House* and expressing their Hope, that the House will not increase the Burthen on foreign Linens, by laying any additional Duty thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and the Ditto* Merchants and Traders dealing the rein, in and about the Town of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, and other Inhabitants in or about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That very large Quantities of Woollen Goods, of various Kinds, are ma-nufadured at the said Town, and in a very populous Country around it, and exported to Germany, and other Places abroad; whence Linens are imported in Part of Payment thereof* and representing to the House, that the Petitioners areadvised, that it is the Intention of Parliament to lay an additional Duty on such imported Linens; which, if carried into Execution, the Petitioners apprehend, will be a very great Discouragement to the Exporting of the Manufactures in which the Petitioners, and many Thousand others, are employed, and, in some Markets, may put a Stop to the Sale thereof: And therefore requesting, that no additional Duty may be laid on any foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defects, in an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westzvood Gate in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committeckto Mr. Ongley,

Sir John Chester, Sir Boteler Chernocke, Mr. Houblon,

Mr. 'Thomas Gore, Sir James Grant, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Yorke, Lord Baltimore, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Bonce, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Whichcote,

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Strickland, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Read, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Williams,

Colonel Elliott, Mr. Lifter, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Jenyns, Mr.

Cary, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Walter, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Pytts, Mr. Watson, Mr. Archer, S'r John Chapman, Sir Roger Burgoytie, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Scot, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hoblyn; and all the Members who fcrvc for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford,

Bucks and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Edwards:

7 Z Mr.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Money paid to Duk* of Aren berg.

<3 8

3 ° Aprilis. ' A. 1744.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A <ft, to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefiengjers withdrew.

Mr. Monson presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Lord Stair's Warrant to Duke of Arenberg for F. 2 10,000 — £ 20,000 — Copy:

Lord Stair's Warrant to Duke of Arenberg for F. 110,000 — /. 20,000 — Copy:

Kings Warrant----- Paymaster Forces Allowances of

/. 40,000 paid Duke A Arenberg on Warrants from the Earl of Stair — Copy.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers areas followeth; viz.

By his Excellency John Earl of Stair, Field Marshal and Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, &c.

By virtue of the Authority given to me by his Majesty’s Commission, I do hereby authorize and direct you, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands for the Use of the Queen of Hungary's Troops in the Aujirian Netherlands, to pay to the Duke d' Arenberg, or his Assigns, the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, without Deduction. This, with the Acquittance of the said Duke of Arenberg, or his Assigns, shall be a sufficient Warrant to you for so doing. Given at the Hague, this 13th Day of OElo-bet, N. S. 1742.

Stair.

By his Excellency’s Command,

Robert Keith.

To die Right Honourable Henry Pel-ham Esquire, Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, or to his Deputy Edward Compton Esquire, at Amsterdam.

Payez pour moi a POrdfe deMonfieur de Nobilij.

Le Due A Arenberg.

Amsterdam, 17th October, 1742. Received of the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster General of his Britannic Majesty’s Forces, by the Hands of Edward Compton Esquire, the Sum of Two hundred and Ten thousand Guilders, current Money of Hollandwhich, at the R&te of /. 10. 10 per £. Sterling, make Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling; and is in full of a Warrant directed to the said Paymaster by his Excellency the Earl of Stair, payable to his Grace the Duke of Arenberg, for the Service of the Queen of Hungary's Troops in the Austrian Netherlands which laid Warrant is endorsed payable to me, and for which Sum and Purpose I have given Two other Receipts of this Date.

N. De Nobilii.

20,000

F. 210,000

By his Excellency John Earl of Stair, Field Marshal and Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces, &c.

By virtue of the Authority given to me by his Majesty’s Commission, I do hereby authorize and direct you, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands, for the Service of the Queen of Hungary s Troops in the Aujirian Netherlands, to pay to the Duke A Arenberg, or his Assigns, the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, without Deduction. This, witluhe Acquittance of the said Duke A Arenberg, or his Assigns, shall be a sufficient Warrant to you for so

doing. Given at Ghent, this 16th Day of December N. S. 1742.

Stair.

By his Excellency's Command,

Robert Keith.

To the Right Honourable Henry Pel-ham Esquire, Paymaster General, or to his Deputy, Edward Compton Esquire, at Amsterdam.

Payez pour moi a 1’Ordre de Messieurs Cefar Sardi & Comp.

Le Due A Arenberg.

Cefar Sardi & Comp.

Amsterdam, 2d January, N- S. 1742^ Received of the Right Honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster General of his Britannic Majesty’s Forces, by the Hands of Edward Compton Esquire, the Sum of Two hundred and Ten thousand Guilders, current Money of Holland; which at the Hate off. 10. 10. per £. Sterling, make Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling j and is in full of the within Warrant directed to the said Paymaster by his Excellency the Earl of Stair, payable to his Grace the Duke of Arenberg, for the Service of the Queen of Him* gary's Troops in the Austrian Netherlands; which said Warrant is endorsed payable to me, and for which Sum and Purpose I have given Two other Receipts of this Date.

Cesare Sardi & Comp.

/. 210,000

£. 20,000

GEORGE R.

Whereas Our right trusty and well-beloved Coun-fellor Henry Pelham Esquire, Paymaster General of Our Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, hath most humbly represented unto us, that the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds hath been paid in Two equal Payments of Twenty thousand Pounds each, by his Deputy at Amsterdam, unto the Duke A Arenberg, Commander in Chief of the Queen of Hungary's Forces in the Aujirian Netherlands, for putting the said Forces in Motion, pursuant to Orders and Warrants of Our right trusty and right well-beloved Coufm and Counsellor John Earl of Stair, Field Marshal and Commander in ChLf of Our Forces in the Low Coun-

tries , which Sum was paid out of Monies remitted by Our said Paymaster to his said Deputy at Amsterdam for that Purpose: Now, We being well satisfied of the Truth of the said Payments, and the Reasons which induced the said Earl of Stair to direct the fame, do think it just and reasonable, that our said Paymaster should have full and plenary Allowance of the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, so paid by him or his Deputy at Amft^fdam, as aforesaid; Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command you, in making up the Accounts of the said Henry Pelham, as Paymaster aforesaid, to give Allowance unto him of the said Two Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds each, amounting together to the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, paid to the said Duke AA-renberg, pursuant to Orders or Warrants of the said John Earl of Stair, in manner aforementioned; and for so doing, this, with the Warrants or Orders signed by the said Earl of Stair, and the Acquittances of the said Duke d'Arenberg, for the Sums so paid, (Lall be your sufficient Warrant for allowing the same accord’ngly. Given at our Court at St. James's, this 23d Day of April 1743, in the Sixteenth Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command,

To our trusty and wdl* beloved William Wilmington,

Benson and William AiflabieFfopfxres, Samuel Sandys, Auditors of Our Imprefts, or either Geo. Compton, of them, and to all other Our Officers J. Ruftmit,

and Ministers herein concerned. Phill. Gibbon.

Entered

17 Geo. II.

Entered in the Office of William Aijlabie Esquire, Auditor, the 29th Day of April 1743.

James Thomas, Deputy Auditor.

Entered in the Office of William Benson Esquire, Auditor, the 2d of May 1743, by A. Qrachrode, in the Absence of Mr. Bangham9 Deputy Auditor.

Ordered, That the said Papers rdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the MembeA of the House.

Earl of Ordered, That Lord Deerhurjly Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. PKmouth's Walker, Mr. Selwyny Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gore, be added to Eftaie. the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Plimouth, an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grandfather Thomas Lewis Esquire, in the County of Glamorgan, is committed.

v . Afr A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles 'Dalton, waBiu!" Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable Home to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistaker in an Act, made this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

The King’s Mr. Speaker also reported, That his Majesty was after-Speech; wards pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the FiSace!1 Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followed; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Preparations which were so long carried on in France, to invade this Kingdom in favour of a Popish Pretender, have at last been followed with a-r Declaration of War by that Crown against me. The Duty, Affection, and Zeal, for me and my Family, which have been so fulJy’and cordially expressed in the unanimous Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, and in the loyal and feasonable Addresses of all my goofl Subjects, ought to have convinced our Enemies how ill-grounded any Hopes of Success were, with which they might have vainly flattered themselves in such an Attempt. Tome it is the truest Satisfaction, and must be the greatest Security to my Government, that, just at the time of entering into this War, I have had such solemn Assurances and Pledges of the Fidelity and good Affections of my People.

Whatever Colours may be endeavoured to be put on these injurious Proceedings of the Court of FrancCy I can appeal to the whole World for the Rectitude and Equity of my Conduct, always steadily directed to the Defence of the antient Allies of my Crown, conformably to Treaties, to the Preservation of the Balance and Liberties of Europe, and the Maintenance of the Commerce and essential Interests of my Kingdoms, pursuant to the Advice of my Parliament, without invading the Rights of any other Power.

Under these Circumstances, I have declared War, on my Part, against the French King; and have made the proper Requisitions to my Allies, particularly the States General of the United Provinces (whole firm Friendship I have so lately experienced) to join with me, and perform their Engagements on this important Occasion.

(Senr'emen of the House of Commons,

I take this Opportunity to thank you for the Readiness and Dispatch with which you have already granted me

Vol. 24.

639

such large Supplies; and That on Terms so advantageous to the Public, although we were then actually menaced with an Invasion. It would give me the utmost Concern, to fee our Expences increased by this new Event; but if you shall find any thing further necessary for the Support of the Honour of my Crown, and your own Security, in the present Conjuncture, I depend on your wonted Zeal to provide for it.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In so just a Cause, I rely on the Divine Protection, and on your vigorous and effectual Support and Assistance. Let the Enemies of our Peace, who have long aspired at the universal Monarchy of Europe, and envied the Liberty and flourishing Condition of my Kingdoms in particular, fee that Great Britain, in conjunction with her Allies, is able to withstand and defeat their destructive Projects. I will do my Part I have no Interest at Heart but yours; and in that common Interest let us all unite.

Resolved, Nemine contradrcente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to express our utmost Indignation and Resentment, £hat, after an Attempt the most perfidious to surprise his Majesty’s Kingdoms by a sudden Invasion, in favour of the Pretender, the French King should publish a Declaration of War, couched in Terms injurious to the Honour and Dignity of his Majesty’s Crown, Person, and Government, and avowedly founded upon his Majesty’s having supported, pursuant to his Engagements, an Ally oppressed by the French King, contrary to his Faith, solemnly pledged and dearly bought; to congratulate his Majesty on the ready Assistance he has lately received from the States General; to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for asserting the Honour of this Nation, in declaring War against the French King* and for having, on this important Occasion, made the proper Requisitions to his Majesty’s Allies, and particularly to the States General, united in one common and invariable Interest with this Nation; not doubting but that, by his Majesty’s steadily pursuing the said Instances, they will, from their known Regard to Treaties, and their just Sense of the impending Danger, co-operate with his Majesty in the most vigorous and effectual Measures for checking the ambitious Views of France, and preferring the Liberties and Balance of Europe; to allure his Majesty, that, in the Prosecution of this unavoidable War, whatever further Expences shall be found necessary for the Support of the Honour of his Majesty’s Crown, and our own Security, his Majesty may depend upon a ready and effectual Assistance from this House, such as becomes a free and grateful People, in Defence of their Liberties against that Power which has long aspired at the universal Monarchy of Europe, and whose ambitious Views and destructive Projects have hitherto been defeated by the Blessing of God on the Arms of Great Britain, and her Allies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Cokey Lord Percevaly Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Geo. Oxendeny Mr. Vynery Sir John Hynde Cottony Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Evans, Mr. Compton, Lord John Sacville, Sir Wm. Calvert, Dr. Lee, Lord Gage,

Sir John Turnery Mr. Noel, Mr. Gybboriy Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Turnery Mr. Claytony Mr. Ellis, General Went worthy Mr. Legge, Colonel Conway, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hooper, Lord Hartingtony Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Rujhouty Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Gordon; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

The

30 Aprilis.

Address on the King’s Speech.

A. 1744.

Levant

Trade.

3

Aprilis.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^£ J

TeUe.fi, rh.Noes.g;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel were called in accordingly.

And the Counsel for the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, having proposed to examine a Witness:

And the said Witness being called in, and interrogated;

He, and the Counsel for and against the Bill, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Twelve of the Clock;

Mercuriiy 40 die Aprilis;

Anno 17* Georgii IIl,i Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

HPHE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford\ JL from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from England and Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing how much by Woollen Manufactures, how much by other Briti/Ji Manufactures, and how much by foreign Commodities re-exported; as also how much by Linens, and how much by other foreign Commodities, imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as folio we th; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

an

Exports,

to and from Germany.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from England and Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 174a; distinguishingeach Year; and also distinguishing how mu6h by Woollen Manufactures, how much by other British Manufactures, and how much by foreign Commodities re-exported; as also how much by Linens, and how much by other foreign Commodities, imported.

EXPORTS. IMPORTS. 'Export*

' r Value of Woollen Manufactures. Value of other Britishi Manufactures. Value of foreign Goods re-exported. Total Value exported. r Value of Linens imported. Value of all other foreign Commodities imported. A Total Value imported. exceeds the Imports.

From Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736 £ s. 455>223 i* 10 £- s. 101,7 12 6 £ d. 688,805 — 3 r- I»245>757 5 7 513,491 12 8 1. s. d. 104,429 II 7 £ j- d. 617,921 4 3 £ d. 627,836 1 4

— - - 1737 461,847 4 — 122,588 12 3 623,043 10 6 1,207,479 6 9 683,896 12 — 122,683 19 4 806,580 11 4 400,898 15 5

— - - *738 423,°57 3 1 102,304 4 5 552,561 11 — 1,077,922 18 6 565,337 *9 1 79,217 19 1 644,555 18 2 433,367 > 4

— - - 1739 398,189 10 8 9i,9*5 *4 3 597*5°9 >5 9 1,087,685 8 596,177 6 7 109,191 3 1 705,368 9 8 382,316 11 —

— - - 1740 435,547 8 n 85,434 8 10 57°,°79 9 9 1,091,061 7 683,678 16 3 64,116 13 — 747,795 9 3 343,265 lS 3

-1 1 1 1 M 402,619 19 — 98,613 18 — 642,727 15 6 M43.961 12 6 701,297 14 8 107,235 8 2 808,533 2 10 335,428 9 8

— - - 1742 460,053 17 8 146,785 10 3 712,919 7 7 *»3i9*758 l5 6 567,621 5 10 77,639 *4 7 645,261 — 5 674,497 >5

Totals - £. 3»°36>5 3® 16 2 749^441 — 6 4>387>646 10 4 8,173,626 7 — 4,3II»501 7 1 664,514 8 10 4,976,015 15 11 3,197,610 n 1

CustomHouse, London, April 4, 1744*

Join Qxenfordj Aff. I. General.

Linen

Manufactures.

Ditto.

Ditto.

A. 1744.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of the City and County of Norwich, was printed to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners perceiving,«by the Votes of this House, that a Committee has been appointed, and are now proceeding, to take irito Coti-sideration the State of the Linen flfonufactures of Great Britain and Ireland; with a View* as they apprehend, and have been informed, to lay an additional Duty upon Linens imported from foreign Parts,; beg Leave to represent to this House, tthat the Support of the;Woollen Manufacture of that City greatly depends upon the Intercourse of Trade between this Kingdom anchthofe-foreign Countries, from whence Linens -are imported: That an additional Duty upon foreign Linens here may produce the like upon our Woollen Manufactures in foreign Parts, in Return: That foreign Countries, finding by such Duties less Demands for their Li nens,;and consequently less Employment for their Poor, may be,4nduced to encourage the Increase of their own Woollen Manufactures, which they daily improve: That the Petitioners.cannot but -be greatly alarmed even at the mostdistant; Hazard oflofing To beneficial a Branch of their Trade as that to foreign Parts, from whence Linens areiimporteti, which employs many Thousandsof their Mamjfacturers; much more are their Fears awakened at the Pfospect of any Success attending the Designof the present Inquiry: And pray trig, That, before any additional duty be laid upon Linens imported from foreign Parts, it hey may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, before this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the undersigned' Importers, Linen-drapers, and other Dealers, as well in foreign Linens as in those of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting %th, That the Quantities of Linen, which are imported from tforth Britain and Ireland, fall very short of the} Demand for our Home Consumption: That, notwithstanding a-great Bounty was granted but Two Years a^o, by ai} additional Duty on Cambricks, in order to encourage thje Manufacture of t.. low-priced Linens, the Demands for which are very great j yet a very inconsiderable Quantity hath been exported; which, it is apprehended, may|be pwing, in part, to the considerable Advance on the Irrice'of those Linens here, since that time, as well as to thi small Increase in the Manufacture of such low-priced linens, which may proceed ' from a Scarcity of spare induftijious Hands, and not from any Want of sufficient Vent: {That the Petitioners are apprehensive, from the frequenjt Tractice* of introducing foreign Linens into England\ by way of Scotland (on which very high Duties are already-paid by the Importers of them here), and from suchlLinens being sold by the Factors of that Country (who* do not appear to be Importers thereof), at lower Priced than the Merchant here can possibly fell thenj^t, should any additional Duties be laid on foreign Linens* that corjsiderable Branch of Tratfr would not only be loft to the Qrapers, and other Dealers in Linen, in and abtfut this City, bfut would be attended with a very great Lese to the public Revenue also: And therefore praying the Consideratiop of the House; and that no further Burthens may be la$d on the Importation ot foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, SeatTchers, Affitt-ants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive, from the Votes of this House, that a Committee is appointed toconsiderof the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland; by which the Petitioners are apprehenfiVe, there qaay be some Design to lay an additional Duty upon

foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom: That a very large-ManufaCUire of Cutlery Wares is carried on in and about the Town of Sheffield, within the Limits of this ‘Corporation; by which meins,^manyThousends of Members thereof, and othfers, Mare maintained and llipported; a >very~GonliHerable Part of the Tfade fend Sale whereof has,

for many Years, beeh, atithndW is,‘carried on in Com-'merce with Countries and Places Jbroad, where Linen Manufactures*are made and fold; -which Trade and Sale, the Petitioners conctive, in great mieafure, depend upon :the Interqpurfe of iTraffick foetwikt this Kingdom and those, Couotrie$, and upon the Opportunity and Convenience of Exchange of foreign Linen for the Petitioners Jron.Maiftifactures; and that if a further-Duty and Bur-then-should be laid upon foreign Linens firfiported into this Kingdom, the Petitioners have*too much Reason to fear such a Procedure would foe a Means to prevent the Exportation of very large Quantities of Cutlery Wares, and tend to the Prejudice, Poverty, and Distress, of the Petitioners, and of rhany-Thdufands of other British Subjects, whole Livelihood dfepfends ujpon the Iron Manufacture: And therefore praying, That thfe House would be pleased to lake their same into Confederation; and expressing the hope of the Petitioners, that the House -will-come to no Resolution tlo increase the piefent Duty on foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Watermen of the Parishes of St. Westminster Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of Bridge. Westmiffier, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled," An Act for Explanation and better Execution Xi of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherrymen ro(wing on the River of Thames, and for the better " ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherry-€C men, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between " Gravesend and Windsor it is provided* That nothing in that Act should extend to prevent the Watermen of St. Margaret's, Westminster, fro in working cross the Rivet Thames on every Lord’s Day, as they have been accUftomCd to do; and* the Monies earned by them on , that-Day are dfreCled to be employed to the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed. Watermen, and their Widows* in the said Parish; and arty Two Justices of the Peace are, from time to time, to tall the Watermen to Account for the Monies so by them earned* and to cause the same to be applied as aforesaid; and that such Watermen should chuse Two Stewards ind a Clerk; and the 'said Watermen, or the major Part of them, have thereby Power to appoint such of the Watermen of the said Parish as should, in their respectivd Turns, work on the Lord’s Day, as aforesaid: That by fen A&* passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge trofs the River Thames " from the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westminster*

" to the Sppofite Shore in the County of Surrey," it is enacted, That the Commissioners for building the said Bridge ftrmdd ferrte xnd'dererjmte the Eecompence to the poor. Watermen of the Parishds of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, for the Sunday % Ferry; which Recpmpence is directed to be paid to the Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, to be laid out by them in some of the public Funds; and the Income of the said Money is to be distributed amongst such poor, aged, and decayed Watermen, and their Widows of the said Parishes, in fuclv Manner and Proportion as shall, from time to time, be thought proper by the said Watermen’s Company; by *Which last mentioned Act, the Watermen of St. Margaret'3 and St. John's apprehend they are deprived of the Power ofdifpoling of the said Money, which was veftedUn them by the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third, but is now given to the Watermen’s Company, who can never be imagined to be sufficiently acquainted with the Necef-

fi ties

17 ’Geo. II. 4*

‘fities of the respective Watermen, ahfl their Widows, to enable them to make a proper Distribution of the said Charity among Persons, whose Wants are certainly better known tb‘their Fellow Labdurersand Neighbours: And praying, That a Clause or Clauses rriay be added to the Bill, now depending before this House, " to explain and " amend Two Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth'and " Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, For giving " further Powefs to the Commissioners for buildirtg a <c Bridge cross the River "Thames, from the City of West*

" minster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; u and for making the said Acts more effectual to oblige the said Overseers, Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Watermen’s Company, to pay the Interest of such \Money as shall be allowed the said Watermen in lieu of their Sundays Ferries, half-yearly or yearly, into the Hands of their Stewards and Clerk, for the Time being, to be applied as directed by the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further towers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making the said Acts more effectual; is committed.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, William Brown Esquire, Counsellorat Law, did lately enter upon the Waste belonging to the Manor of Stodeley Hungerford, in the Parish of Cain, in the County of ll ills, which is now, and Las been, in the P jffjffion of Walter Hungerford Esquire, a Member of this House, and cauled Timber Trees growing thereon to be marked and sold to Robert £app; and that the said Trees were cut down, and carried away by the Agents of the said Robert Capp, without the Con-fen t or Privity of the said Walter Hungerford;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Shoreditch A Bill for making more effectual several Ajds, passed Road. for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nathanael Curzott, Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Fa-zakerley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord John Sacville, Sir Henry Liddell, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ctfrzon, Mr. Alderman Hectthcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mellish, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Williams, Mr. Coke, Sir John Bar-tiHgton, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at "Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Adders on ~.Mr. Coke reported/rom the Committee, appointed

the King’s Yesterday to diaw up an Address to be presented to his Speech. Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly i which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

VOL. 24.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our mofl hearty Thanks for your Majesty’s gracious Speech from the Throne; and to express our utmost Indignation and Resentment, that after an Attempt the most perfidious to surprise your Majesty’s Kingdoms by a sudden Invasion, in favour of the Pretender, the French King should publish a Declaration of War, couched in Terms injurious to the Honour and Dignity of your Majesty’s Crown, Person, and Government, and avowedly founded upon your Majesty’s having supported, pursuant to your Engagements, an Ally opprested by the French King, contrary to his Faith, iolemnly pledged and dearly bought.

We congratulate your Majesty on the ready Assistance your Majesty has lately received from the States General.

We beg Leave also to return your Majesty our sincere Thanks for having alFerted the Honour of this Nation, in declaring War against the French King; and for having, on this important Occasion, been graciously pleased to make the proper Requisitions to your Majesty’s Allies, and particularly the States General, united in one common and invariable Interest with this Nation; and we cannot doubt but that, by your Majesty’s steadily pursuing the said Instances, they will, from their known Regard to Treaties, and their just Sense of the impending Danger, co-operate with your Majesty in the most vigorous and effectual Measures for checking the ambitious Views of France, and preserving the Liberties and Balance of Europe.

Your faithful Commons do humbly assure your Majesty, that, in the Prosecution of this unavoidable War, whatever further Expences shall be found necessary for the Support of the Honour of your Majesty’s Crown, and the Security of this Nation, your Majesty may depend upon their most ready and effectual Assistance, such as they think becomes a free and grateful People^ in Defence of their Liberties, against that Power which has longafpired at the universal Monarchy of Europe, and whole ambitious Views and destrudive Projcds have hitherto been defeated, by the BlefTing of God on the Arms of Great Britain, and her Allies.

The said Address being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Levant

Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for enlarging and re- Trade,

gulating the Trade to the Levant Seas;

The Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel fer the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hpufe will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And

6*4

4° — 5°

A.

1744-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Morning, Nine of the Clock. Occasions.

Dec

Navigation

Jovis, 50 die Aprilis \

Anno 170 Georgii II' Regis, 1744. Praters.

Warburton reported from the Committee, to

Mr. Turner presented to the House, according to Or- Aire, 4c. der, a Bill to ascertain and fix where the Profits of the Navi^t'an, Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Colder shall be assessed p^'jjy0 to Parochial Rates: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sutton’s

Estate.

MR ..

whom the Bill for explaining and and amending an , That Mr. John Barton do, Tomorrow Morn- line*

Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Na-. vigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chef-ter-, and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Plumptrereported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages and Incumbrances, and for

it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Lambe do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Felix Clay do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Barrington do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Benson do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Tottingham do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Cramond do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter Hajkins do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Bird do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Titus Westdo attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joftas Wallace do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Juf- Dee tices of the Peace, of the County of Flint, assembled at Narigati®. the General Assizes, or Great Sessions, held in and for

laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale the said County on Thursday the 2ad Day of March 1743, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

Ay fti combe’s Estate.

with his Estate in the County of Lincoln, to the Uses therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Pytts reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the sett led Estate of John Ayjhcombe Gentle

That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, Nathanael Kinderley, and his Nominees, were impowered to alter and direct the Channel of the said River, in such manner as he or they should think fit; and it was also further enacted and declared, That the said River Dee had been, and then was, the Boundaries between the said Counties of Chester and Flint; but that, as the same was intended to be altered, and carried further into the said County of Flint, from the then Channel; by means whereof, the said Boundarieswould be rendered un-

Eail of

Pltmouih’i

Estate.

man, lying in the County of Warwick, and for settling certain and precarious, unless the same was provided for

by the said Act; it was therefore enacted, that no Alteration whatsoever of the said Channel should affect the Boundaries of the said Counties; but that the Channel and Place through which it then ran (to wit, in the Year 1733), should be, and for ever remain, the Boundaries between the said Counties of Chester and Flint; and, for rite more effectual ascertaining the said Boundaries, the said Nathanael Kinderley, or his Nominees, were, at their own Cost and Charges, when the said Navigation should be completed, to set up sufficient Mear Stones, or other proper Marks, for distinguishing the said Boundaries, as aforesaid; but that the said Nathanael Kinderley, or his Nominees, not having attempted to mark out the said Boundaries, till the 25th Day of September 1741; and then not

another Estate in the same County, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee-, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Plimouth, an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grand-

1 rave of

!' ultklCt.

father Thomas Lewis Esquire, in the County of Glamor- having effectually meared out the fame, nor repaired or

~ maintained the said Shears of the said Counties, the fame

are rendered uncertain and precarious for a great many Miles in Length -, and, by reafou of the Shifting of the Sands, between the time of passing the said Act, and the attempting to fix the said Boundaries, being the Space of Eight Years, it is very difficult, as the Law now (lands, to determine the fame; whereby many and great Difficulties may arise to all his Majesty’s Subjects, as well as to the Inhabitants of the said Counties of Chester and;

23 and

gan, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury have Leave to go

1

X.

Time appointed for receiving Addreft.

17 Geo. II. 50 — 6° 6

and representing to the House, That by a Bill now depending in the House, to explain and amend the said Law, it is declared, That all Actions, Suits, and Informations, brought in pursuance of the said intended Act, shall be laid in the County wherein the Cause of Action did arise, and not elsewhere: The Petitioners therefore, by reason of the aforesaid Premises, apprehend, that should the said Bill pals into a Law, as it now stands, it would be productiveof the greatest Inconveniences to all his Majesty’s Subjects, and more especially to the Inhabitants of the said Counties of and Flint; and

further letting forth. That the antient and direct Road leading from the City of Chester to the Town of when the Tide of Sea was out, was over a vast Tract of Sands of Ten Miles in Length, adjoining the said River Dee; and that, when the said Tide of Sea covered the said Sands, Passengers might safely go under the Shore or Banks, of the FUntshire Side, to and from the said City of Chestei and Town of Flint; but that the Course of the Ciid River being removed by the Undertakers endeavouring to recover the said Navigation, the Road over the said Sands, by reason of the said River not being fordable at Flint on Horleback, is, for Five Miles in Length, intirely loft and destroyed; and further letting forth, That the said Undertakers being impowered by the said Act to dig and take Gravel, Stone, and other Materials, in and upon the said Sands, and common Salt Marshes, for the Use of the Works of Navigation, have dug and made very large and deep Stone Quarries in and so near the Road adjoining the FUntshire Shore, that it is become extremely dangerous for his Majesty’s Subjects topafs and repass by reason of the said Quarries; and that the River being removed near to the said Road, and the Undertakers refuling or neglecting to repair the Banks of the said River, the said Road will, in time, be intirely loft and destroyed, notwithstanding the same is the direct Way for his Majesty’s Lord Lieutenant of pass and repass

to that Kingdom; and further representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the said County of Flint will be obliged to repair and maintain the said Road, Which cannot be done but at a very great Expence (if at all possible); and that they are adviled, that by the aforesaid Bill, now depending before the House, it is intended to be enacted, That the said Undertakers should, upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money, not only be inti tied to the Remainder of a Deposit of Ten thousand Pounds, which was to make good Damages; but also, that it is by the said Bill declared, That the said Sum is in full Satisfaction of all Damages hitherto done; so that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend they will be excluded the Benefit of the said Act as it now stands: And therefore praying. That the Remainder of the said Deposit of Ten thousand Pounds may not be vested in the said Company; but that the same may remain as it now is, to make good the Damages aforesaid; and that the House will be pleased to take the whole of their same into Consideration; and that they may have such Relief in the Premisses, as to the House shall seem meet, just, and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, to recover and preserv the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; is re-committed.

Mr. Compttoller reported to the House, That his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to

Vol. a+

appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of the journed till this Day Sevennight. House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Manning whole House, to whom the Bill for the more speedy the Fleet, and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was committed, betaken into further Consideration, upon Tuef~ day Morning next,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Taking the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon £o11 at the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of pu/nTn.. Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to restrain the Partial ity, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act $otton*a for veiling the settled Ellate of Sir Robert , Btee, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Mortgages and Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with his E'state in the County of Lincoln, to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, Plumptredo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ellate late of George Downes Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in Edward Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trull, to convey the same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Mountague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ear! of confirming the Jointure made on the Marriage of Francis Scot Esquire, commonly called Earl of eldest

Son, and Heir Apparent, to Francis Duke of Buccleuch, with Lady Caroline Campbell; and for impowering the , Heirs of Entail, succceding to the Ellate of Francis late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures in such manner as is therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eipoo, Ac. for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed by, and ^nc*°^nre* belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of antient Burgages and Tenements, in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ay(hcombe% for Sale of Part of the settled Ellate of Ayjhcmbe Gentleman, lying in the County of , and for

8 B settling

A. 1744.

settling another Estate, in the same County, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Pytts do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Borax,&c. Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

imported and House, an Account of the Quantity of Borax and Cam-exported. phjre imported and exported, from Christmas 1733; to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year.

Merchants Ordered\ That Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir John Chapman,

Claims on Sir John CroJJe, Captain Gough, Mr. Hume, Mr. Onjlozv, Comvemion Mr. Brookjhank, Mr. Mijfing, Mr. Alderman Gybbon% of 1739. Mr. Gitljhn, Mr. Kent, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Youngs Mr. Newnham, Mr. Lijler, Sir Jof Pennington, Major Selwyn, Mr. Pratt, Dr. Butler, Mr. White', and all the Merchants of the House, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, who trade to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed* is referred.

Earl of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fcalkeith’s for confirming the Jointure made cn the Marriage of Estate. Francis Scot Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, elded Son, and Heir Apparent* to Francis Duke of Sue-clench, with. Lady Caroline Campbell', and for impowering the Heirs of Entail, fuceceding to the Estate of Francis late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures, in such manner 'as is therein mentioned; was read the First time.

ReJ'olved\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition from the Manufacturers of British Sailcloth Linen Maim* at Warrington, in Lancashire, was p re fen ted to the House, failures, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend that a further Duty on foreign Linens will not only be of great Benefit to the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland, but also a great Encouragement to the British Sailcloth Manufacture, as also to the Revenue, here being great Quantities of brown Linen Cloth imported from Germany, entered as narrow Germany, which are used in making and mending of Sails* and that large Quantities thereof are also exported to the Plantations for the same Uses, and draw back almost the whole Duty, contrary to an Act of Parliament of the Ninth of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Mahu-fasture of Sailcloth in Great Britain; which enacts, That all foreign Cloth, used for Sails, shall pay a Duty of Two Pence Half-penny per Eil inwards, and have no Part thereof drawn back when exported: And therefore praying, That the Importers of the said Linens may be obliged to conform to the said Act of Parliament, and pay Duty as Sailcloth; and also representing to the House, That as there is an Act in being, that the Sailmaker, or any other Person, who shall make any foreign Canvas un-stampt into Sails, shall, on Information, forfeit the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, the Petitioners presume, that* was that Penalty.made One hundred Pounds, it would put a Stop to the Importation of all Ticklingburghs whatever, of which Species probably many Thousand Ells are exported annually.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linei\, Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Merchants Claims on Spain by Convention *of 1739.

A Petition of the underwritten Merchants trading to Sicily, in behalf of themselves, and others, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition; and recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That upon the Defeat of the Spanish Fleet off Sicily, in the Year 1718, the English Merchants residing at MeJJina were imprisoned, their Ships, Goods, and Effects, seized and fold, by Order of the Marquis De Lede, then General of the Spanish Forces in Sicily, whereby the Petitioners!!]stained very great LofiTes, which were claimed and let forth, before a Committee of the whole House, in the Year 17:£, and the Estimates of the said Losses then delivered in, and ordered to lie upon the Table; but that as yet no Restitution hath been made, notwithstanding it was expressly agreed in the Treaty of Peace made with Spain in the Year 1721, that the Goods, Merchandize, Monies, Ships, and other Effects, that were seized or taken before War was declared between the Two Crowns, or since, should be restored in the Species they were seized or taken, or else should be paid the just and true Value they were worth at the Time of their being seized or taken; and therefore submit ting the same of the Petitioners to the Consideration of the House: And praying the y may have the same Relief, as shall be granted to the Petitioners the Portugal, Spanish, and Italian Traders.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, who’ trade to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House. the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Money paid Resolved, That this House will, upon Titefday Morning to Dukeof next, take into Consideration the several Papers presented Aremberg. tQ t^js House, relating to an Article in the Account of the extraordinary Charges ut the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, of Forty thou find Pounds to the Duke of Aremberg, to put the Aujirian Troops in Motion, Anno 1742.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Woollen Manufactn* rers in and about the populous Town, extensive Parish and Neighbourhood, of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others concerned and employed in this particular Branch of Trade, on which depends their principal, nay almost intire. Support and Livelihood, was presented to the House, and read3 representing to *the House, That the Consumption of great Quantities of the Petitioners Manufactures abroad very much depends on the Vent and Intercourse of Trade between those Countries and the trading Parts aforesaid; and that, by Exchange of their Goods or Commodities for ours, not only a much greater Return and Demand is made of ours, but other innumerable Benefits and Advantages flow to the Petitioners; and that a considerable Balance remains thereby to this Kingdom, as the Petitioners have great Ileafon to believe; and that an additional Duty or Burthen on foreign Linens, imported into this Kingdom, will greatly embarrass that foreign Trade, and not only lessen the Petitioners Correspondence and Dealings abroad, but prove destruftrve of that most beneficial Branch of Trade, their Woollen Manufacture at home, to the Ruin and Distressof many Thousands of Families in those Parts: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that the Petitioners may beat Liberty to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, before the House will please to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthen at present lying upon foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Dealers in Tin in and about the Town of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall: And also, ’

A Petition of the Dealers in Tin in and about the* Borough of 57. Ives, in the County of Cornwall;

W ere severally presented to the House, and read; fet~ ting forth, That the Vent of great Quantities of Tin, wherein the Petitioners, and great Numbers of other Persons in the said County, are employed, depends in great measure on the Trade between Germany

ft*

Lin^n

Manufactures.

.17 Geo. II.

many and this Kingdom; and reptefenting to the House, That if an additional Burthen should be laid upon foreign Linen imported hither, the Petitioners have too much Reason to fear the like or greater Duticsbeing laid abroad, to the Lossof the valuable Exportation of Tin, which the Petitioners are employed in, whereby the Petitioners, and many Thousands at present employed in Tin, would be brought to very great Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that the House will not please to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthens at present lying upon foreign Linens.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen knit Hose, &c. and others, in and about the Town of Per-jfhore, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That a very great Part of the Manufactures of the said Town, and the adjacent Places, is for the German Markets; and representing to the House, That should an additional Burthen be laid upon foreign Linens imported hither, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear the like or greater Burthens being iaid abroad On the Manufactures, in which moll of the Petitioners are employed, to the very great Detriment, or total Loss, of that valuable Branch of Trade, whereby many of the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other British Subjects, would be brought to the greatest Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that the House will be pleased not to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthens already lying on foreign Linens: And also,

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Goods manufactured from Iron, Brass, itfe. (raised out of the Mines of this Kingdom) are lent to Germany every Year; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend this Trade will be greatly damaged, should there be an additional Duty laid upon Linens coming from Germany, where they have all Materials for making the Goods above-mentioned; and, "as the Petitioners are informed, have already begun to make some Sorts of them: And therefore praying, That the House will take this into their Consideration, that the Petitioners may not run the Hazard of losing lb valuable a Branch of Trade to Germany: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and other Dealers in woollen Yarn Hose, &c. in and about the Town of Tewkejhury, in the County of Gloucestery was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the chief Consumption of the Manufactures of those Parts is in the Linen Countries of Germany; and representing to the House, That should an additional Burthen be laid upon foreign Linens imported, the Petitioner* have great Reason to fear the like or greater Burthens being laid abroad on the Manufactures, in which the Petitioners are employed, may tend to the Loss of that valuable Branch of Trade, whereby the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other British Subjects, would be brought to the greatest: Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that they will be pleased not to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthens already lying upon foreign Linens: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturer* of Woollen and Worded Yam Hose, in and about the Town of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Consumption of the Manufactures, in which the Petitioners and many Thousand others in this Kingdom, are employed, depends chiefly on the Intercourse of Trade between Germany and this Kingdom; and representing to the House, That, Vol. 24.

should an additional Burthfcn be laid tip'on foreign Linens imported, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear the like or greater Burthens being laid abroad on the Manufactures in which the Petitioners are employed, may tend to the Loss of that valuable Branch of Trade, whereby the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other British Subjects, would be brought to the greatest Poverty and Distress: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House i and that they will be pleased not to come to any Resolution to increase the Burthens already lying upon foreign Linens: And also,

A Petition of the under-signed Manufacturers and , Line*

Healers in Woollen, Silk, and other Goods, which are Manufac* 7 lures,

exported to Germany, living in and about London, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other Persons in this Kingdom, are employed in the Manufactures of such Woollen, Silk, and other Goods, as are usualiyexported to Germany, where the said Goods and Manufactures at present find a ready Vent; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners have too much Reason to apprehend, that if the Proposition, for laying further Burthens upon the Importation of foreign Linens, should take Effect, it would naturally produce the like Duties, or even Prohibitions,-

being laid in Germany upon the British Manufactures at present font thither, whereby not only the Petitioners mud be greatly prejudiced in their particular Trades and Manufactures, but, as they apprehend, this Kingdom will suffer the Loss of a very beneficial Branch of Commerce:

And therefore praying, That the House may not come to any Resolution to increase the Burthens which are at present upon foreign Linens.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the several other Petitions relating to the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland (which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and ordered to lie upon the Tabic), be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Anfow to Majesty Yesterday with their Address: To which his Addrtfi. Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer 1

Gentlemen,

I thank you for these repeated Aflfurances of your Zeal and Affection.

Your Unanimity on this Occasion, will, I make no Doubt, have a very good Effect upon our Allies.

You may depend upon my Endeavours to make this War as little burthensome td tny People as possible.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Half-pay

to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the rediiced Officers.

Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1744.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by Widow's of his Majesty’s Command, a List of the Widows of such Hnlf-pay reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Officers. Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716* with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1744.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lilts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that an ACV, made in the CWspond-Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, enc« «i;h the

intituled, PreteuJcr-

A. 1744.

648 —

intituled, An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wah. of High Treason, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown: And that Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fa-zakerley, the Lord Guernsey, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, the Lord Strange, and Mr. William Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Taking the Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

t’oLIatCoun* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ty Elections. the Bill for the more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, ajid to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 5Xhur/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Linen Manu- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fedures. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing how much by Woollen Manufactures, how much by other British Manufactures, and how much by foreign Commodities re-exported; as also how much by Linens, and how much by other foreign Commodities, imported; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the new Duty of Two Shillings and Ten Pence per Piece on Cambricks imported, from the First August 1742 (the Commencement of the said Duty), to Christmas 1743; and also of what Part of the said Duty has been applied as a Bounty on British and Irijk Linens exported; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years \ viz. from Christmas 1735, to Ohrijlmas 17425 be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland 1 The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for lie Yes, {$£ " W"' } .37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and Meant. ing next> ref0lVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That thiiiHouse will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tjill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, j° die Aprilis;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. War burton reported from the Committee, to Dee whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Navigation passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; anc} another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates, in lieu thereof*, was re-committed.

That the Committee had considered the Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace, of the County of Flint, assembled at the General Assizes, or Great Sessions, held in and for the said County, oil Thursday the 22d Day of March 1743, to them referred; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in Road, the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geo.

Grenville, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Lifter, Mr,

Lowndes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Wilkin-[on, Mr. Fenwicke, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote, Lord Deerhurst, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Lechmere, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Lord Strange, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Charles Gore, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Pratt, General Onslow, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Robert Grosvenor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Warwick, Oxon, and Northampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for remedying some Defects in the p00rLaws. Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was read the Third time. /

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 32, 33. To leave out cr every Corporation " or Franchise wherein there are," and to insert, instead thereof, these Words: " All Corporations or Franchises who have."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Rqlief of the Poor.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all that come to the Committee, to Merchant! whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, who Claims on trade to Portugal, Sppin, and Italy, whose Hands are Convention thereunto subscribed, is referred, have Voices. of 1739.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northampton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of

Northampton,

Levant

Trade.

i i Geo. II. 7° — p° Aprilis.^ 649

Northampton^ in the Ropm of William Wilmer Esqjujiye, depeased.

The Order of the Day befog read;

The Counsel for and against the Bill, for enlarging ajid rqgul^ting the Trade to, the l^eva^t §eas, wprp cajlpd so:

And this Counsel, for tlpe JJjlljweEp h^so-

And Copies; of several Memorials of the Gpvqrnoy and Company of Merchants ol Englandf trading into the Levant Seas, delivered to one of tjhe principal Secretaries of St*te ip 1739 and 1740, apd- a, Copy of a Report of the Board of Trade, made to, ttye Lorqls Justices thereupon (which Cppies were presented to the House in the Year 1740), werp r$ad,

And several Accounts of the Qyantiijy ancj Vafo? of Woollen Manufactures exported to Turkey, and of the Quantity apd Value of Silk apd Mohair Yarn imported, from Turkey, presented to the House in the Yea,r 1,740, and in this Session, were also read.

Then the Counsel for the Bill examined several Witnesses.

And several Orders of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading Lntpthe Levant Seas, made in the Year 1718, and entered so ope of th,e Court Books of the said Company, which were, on the 5th Day of March Ipfl, presented to the I^ouse, were al(b i^ead.

And the Journal of the House of the 24th D^y of January 1718, in relation to the Appointment of Committee to consider the State of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdorp>and particularly in relation to the Exportation of Woollen Cloth, was also read.

And a Paper, signed by several Members of the Company of Merchants of England trading intef the Levant Seas, which had in that Year be$n, delivered to, the said Committee, was produced, and- Jffad.

And the Counsel for the Bill; examined several other Witnesses; and went through their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Governor and Company of Merchants of England. trading into the Levant Seas, were heard, by way, of Reply,

And the Counsel, for and agafoft. the Bill, being withdrawn;.

Mi;* Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved9. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refolye itfejf into a. Committee of the wh.ofe House, upon the said; Bill.

A^d- then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine of the; CJlock.

jhunce, 9to die Aprilis;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxeyford, Bora^, &c.

from the Commissioners of the Cultopis, attended imported and at the Door;

He was. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the.

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Borax and Camphire imported and exported, from Christmas 173.3, to Christmas 1742; distfoguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; %'&

Ah ACCOUNT of the Quality of Iforaxand Camphire imported and exported, from Christmas 1733, to

Christmas 1742; distinguisofog each Year.

1 BORAX. CAMP HIRE.

/ Imported. Exported. ( Imported. Exported.

From Christmas 1733, to Christmas . t s A >734 - >735 - *736 >737 - 1738 - >739 - <740 r ' i*741 -: >742 Cw. 36,772 108,626 2,27s 8,698 J,«45 9>5*7 Civ. 9,7*6 11,631 6,936 6,481 >5,>4° 876 17,884 7,186 9,201 Cw. 57,135 74,453 29,063 29,656 i9>346 9o,3>4 18,196 22,847 36,701 Cw. 30>i79 25,697 27,809 23>699i . 10,763 16,186 24,588 7-575 66,886

Tqtals - . ‘ ' '67,133 85»«5> 3 77»711 233,373

Custom-House, London* ' ~!"r

9th April 1744. John Oxenford, A. I. General.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Boetefeur’i An fogrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nau naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boetefeur, was read the First time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second time.

Dee An ipgrofled Bill for explaining and amending *n Act, Navigation, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Deey in the County Palatine of Chester; and another Act, passed in tl\e Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorpprating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; ancj Vol. 24.

for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in thp Sixth Year of hi* present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee; and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8 C Ordered,

650 9* — I0*

Ordered, That Mr. War burton 3o carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thornhagh’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for impowering John Thornhagk Esquire, to make a Jointure and Provision for his younger Children, out of an Estate comprised in a voluntary Settlement made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mellish, Major Cornwallis, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Levinz, Sir Nathanael Cnrzon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pelham, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Philipps, Mr. Fori*, Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Lord Limerick, Mr: Pratt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Archer, Mr. Brereton, Mr. FeHowes, Mr.

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Proby, Mr. For, Mr. Mr. jfife#/, Mr. Comptroller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Afo/-tingham, Lincoln, and Ybr&; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kingston Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to upon Hull the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in the room of William Carter Esquire, deceased.

1

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act PiimouthV to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis, Earl of Pli-Estate. mouth, an Infant, to purchase the Estate of his Grandfather Thomas Leivis Esquire, in the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Naville’s Sir Thomas L>rury presented to the House, according Nat. to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Stephen Naville: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stamping Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Lmeni. the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign or other Linens: And that the Lord Limerick and Mr. Hume Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Army Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Cloathing. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Linen employed in the annual Clbath-ing of the British Troops be of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Correspondence Mr. Hume Campbell presented to the House, according Pretender to ^rc*cr> a Bill to make it High Treason to hold Cor-

c e c' respondence with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-and Mean*. f0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Housewillyupon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply.: The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

1

Aprilis. A. 1744.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced

Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day o^December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the First Day of January 174a, and the 31st Day of December 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Venables Vernon have Leave to go Lc*vc of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence.. cafions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martiiy 1 o° die Aprilis \

Anno 17° Georgii II. Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bad of,

for confirming the Jointure made on the Marriage of Francis Scot, Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, eldest Son, and Heir apparent, to Francis Duke of Buccleuch, with Lady Caroline Campbell; and for impowering the Heirs of Entail, succeeding to the Estate of Francis late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures in such manner as is therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir James Johnston,

Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Rojfe, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon,

Lord Sundon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. West, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Oswald, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Gq/hxy, Dr. Butler, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Gybbon.

Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fox, Lord Glen-orchy, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Crowle, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Dou-glfft. Lord Strange, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Corne-wdllJ^Ax. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Scot, Mr. Neale, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Vere, Mr. Crattfurd, Sir John Gordon,

Mr. Aijlabic, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, and all the Members who serve for North Britaim: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's" Chamber.

Mr.

J

17 Geo. II. 10° .:

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Ad-

Addr?f#. dress of Yesterday had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

London Ordered, That Mr. Hume', Mr. Solicitor General, Mr, I Street. Noel, Mr. Gulf on, Mr. Maule, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. John Wynne, Mr. \TuffnellMr. Bowles, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. James Martin, Mr. Martiny Mr. Locke, Mr, Jolliffe, Mr. Clive, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fenwicke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain

' and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, is committed.

Downes’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Eftatf. for vesting the Estate ]ate of George Downes Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in Edward Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to Ar-ticleb of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon j and for other Purposes therein mentioned $ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas D) ury, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Torke, Lord Barrington, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Hampden, Sir IVm. Calvert, Lord Baltimore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ofw aid, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Edzvin, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Grant, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Burrell\ Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Cope, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Perceval, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Fane, Lord Guernsey, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Rose, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Crosse. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Grove, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Digby', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Glock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of his Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Six hundred Ninety-five Pounds Twelve Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred and Twelve Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 171*. for the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Four hundred Seventy-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Freight of Transports between ift January 1742, and 31st December 1743-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Nine hundred Seventy Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty’s Land Forces between the i ft January 1742, and 31st December 17 43.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second VOL. 24.

time, were, upon the Question severally pjut thereupon agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde' and Mr!

Tliurfton:

Mr. Speaker; '

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cliffy veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments, deVifed by the Estate. Will or Richard Cliffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for paying the Debts and Legacies charged there- . upon by the said Will, and for laying.out the Surplus of . the Money arising by such Safe, if any, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for Cullum’j veiling Part of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, Estate. in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging Incumbrances affecting the lame, and for securing and providing an Equivalent for the same out of other Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for veiling Part of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for securing arid providing an Equivalent for the same out of other Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Attendance of the moll proper Methods to enforce a more early and ^vice of constant Attendance of the Members, upon the Service the House, of the House; and to report the same so the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps, Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay,

Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Herbetl,

Mr. Vane, Mr. West, Mr. Watson, Mr. Arundell, Mr Edward Finch, Lord Barrington, Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Mounson, Colonel Moflyn, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Spence, Sir John Strange,

Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Edgecnmbe,

Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Mr. Legh, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gore,

Lord Granby, Sir Brian Broughton, Mr. Newfham: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in 1

the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into African Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom °*npany. the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur- Manning the r Consideration the Report from the Committee of the the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Money paid several Papers presented to this House, relating to an Du^c Article in the Account of the extraordinary Charges of ers* the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, of <c Forty thousand " Pounds to the Duke of Aremberg, to put the Austrian " Troops in Motion, Anno 1742."

And the said Papers were read.

And

6$o

i o® — 12° Aprilis.

A. 1744.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the issuing and paying to the Duke of Aremberg the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to, put the Austrian Troops in Motion, in the Year 1742, was a dangerous Misapplication of public Money, and destructive of the Rights of Parliament;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words u adangerous Misapplication of public Money, and destructive of the Rights u of Parliament," and inferring, instead thereof, these ‘Words "necessary for putting the fzdd Troops in Mo-u tion, and of great Consequjence to the Common " Cause

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas wept forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j Mu^Sou:

f Lord Marquis of Hart- 7

Tellers for tpe Noes, { ington, [^5.9«

(Mr. Henry Fox. )

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That, the Words " necessary for putting the said Troops in Motion, and of " great Consequence to the Common Caule,’* be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put;

Refolded, That the issuing and paying to the Duke of Armberg the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to put the Austrian Troops in Motion, in the Year 1742, was necessary for putting the said Troops in Motion, and of great Consequence to the Common Cause.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die: Aprilis j

Anno 17° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

STEPHEN Naville took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Attendance Ordered, That Sir James Grant, Mr. Robert Williams,

of Members £jr (^fiar\es Mordaunt, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Powell, Mr. Ho-the House? blyti, Mr. Gray, Mr. Southwell, Admiral Fernon, Mr.

Groves, Mr. Fyner, Lord George Graham, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Per-eeval, Wh.'Mellish, be added to the Committee appointed to consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and Gonstant Attendance of the Members, upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House.

Pr* Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to

thanked, the Reverend Doctor Bearcroft for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the same: And that the Lord Perceval, Mr. Southwell, and Sir Hugh Smithson, do acquaint him therewith.

Sir John: Crosse, Sir Miles' Stapylton, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Knight, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Foley, MV; Hume Campbell, Mr. Cholmondtlty^ Mr. Crewe-,

Sir Wat kin Wins. Wynn, Mr; Banks, Mr. Btipt. Levefin Goiver>( Sir Nathanael. Qurzon, Mr. Powell% Mr. Clive,

Mr. Geo. Grenville, Sir Robert Gro/venot\ Mn War burton, Lord Strange, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Henry Waller, Mr. Waller, Mr- Talbott, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Pylts, Mr. Winford, Mr. Gray, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Ord, MV. Lewis,. Lord Dupjdin, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hoblyn-, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Leveson Gorver, Mr. Arftotv, Mr. Crawley, Sir W. Wl Bagott, Sir Thomas Gore* M'r. Comptroller, Mr. Tozvnf-end. Lord hchiquin, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Secretary at War*

Mr. Grove, Mr. Gore, Mr. Digby 5 and all the Members-who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Derby,

Stafford', Salop, and Cambridge, and for North Wales; and all the Gentlemen of the Long RobeAnd they are to meet this Afternoon a£ Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act CHffe’i for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, devised by lc' the Will of Richard Cliffe Esquire* deceased, in Tru-ftees^ to be sold for paying the Debts and Legacies charged1 thereupon by the said Will, and for laying out the Surplus of t he M oney arising by such Sale, if any, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the feme Wiil, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to make it High Treason to hold Correspon- Correspondfncc dence with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Dwillt Crown, was read a Second time, Pretender.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Gough, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Banco, Shoreditch Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Foley ju- Roadt.

nior, Mr. Carew, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chefer, Mr. Lechmere,

Mr. Martin, Mu Harr if on, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Jacob Bou-verie, Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee, to whom, the Bill for making more effectual several Acts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stone’s End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Mid-d/efex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Endfield; is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Manning further Consideration the Report from the Committee of ihc *leet-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Bvme’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, &c. to enlarge the Time limited by the Will of Sir Francis Leicester Baronet deceased, for Sale of the real Estate late of Sir John Byrne Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland \ and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne Baronet, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said Will; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Fazaketiey, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Geo. Graham, Sir John Chester, Mr. Laroche, Mr.. Lifter, Mr. Legh, 23

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Westminster resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bridge, the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament*, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for making the said Acts more effectual;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for granting further Time for exchanging of Tickets unclaimed

17 Geo. II. ra0- — 130 Apr His. 653

claimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to rcy\ and for making the fkidAdts more effectual; was commake Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, mitted, the Amendments, which the Committee had made burnt, or otherwise destroyed. to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Mr. Speaker left the Chair. afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

The Lord Perceval took the Chair of the Committee the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, That and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were they had considered the Petition of the Watermen of the agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were Parishes of St. Margaret and St'. John the Evangslift, in made by the House to the Bill.

the City of Westminster, to them referred; and that the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had airedted him to report, when the l-joufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being House. read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

Taking the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Poll at Coun- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ty Elections. the gjj for t]lc more easy taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and to rest rain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at l'uch Elections;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Levant The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

Trade. House, upon the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nor borne Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nor borne Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Apriiis j Anno 17° Georgii 1IM Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Midhurst T^RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Suf-sex, in the room of Sir John Peachy Baronet, deceased.

Stamping of The Lord Limerick presented to the House, according Linens. to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeitStamps to foreign and other Linens: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster The Lord Perceval, according to Order, reported from Bridge. the Commitree of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Two Adh of Parliament, made in the T welfch and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the BJwzrThomes ,from the City of Wef.minjhr to tiic oppofue Shore in the County of Sur-VOL. 24.

ingrossed.

Oraered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Correspon-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dence with upon the Bill to make it High Treason to hold Corre-tnc?rctcnder* spondence with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hume Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hume Campbell reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments hereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Boetefeur’t for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boetefeur, was read a Nat-Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVinford,

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Watfony Mr. Shirley, Mr. Vyner, Dr.

Lee, Mr. Leghy Mr. Cotton, Sir James Daflowood, Dr.

Cotes y Sir James Grant, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Tor key Mr.

Plumptrey Mr. Compton, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir John ChesteTy Mr. Uflery Sir Charles Mordaunty Sir Edward Dering, Mr. buncombe, Sir John Philippa Mr. Foley,

Mr. Fellowesy Mr. Rankes, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Powney, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Walter, Mr. Pryfe, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Fenwicke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Stephen Naville was read a Se- Naville’* cond time. *at.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ro Mr. Winford,

Mr. Mellijhy Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Powney, Mr. Walter,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Godolphin, S\r Robert Long, Mr.

Pryfe, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Harr if on. Sir Edmund Thomas,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Watson, Mr. Vyn.r, Mr. Legh,

Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Torke, Mr. Compton, Sir John Chester, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Savill, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lijler, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Cotton,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Crowle, Dr. Butler, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Rowney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Lid Committee, That they do consider of the Duties and Drawbacks upon Borax and Camphire.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Borax and Camphire imported and exported, from CLifmas 1733, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties and Drawbacks on Glass Beads and Bugles.

S D

Then

Supply.

654 130 — 16* Aprilis 1744.

Then the House refulved itself into the said Com- Mr. Yorke, Colonel Townsend, Mr. Jenyns, Sir James mittee. Grant, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Warburton,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Neale, Mr. Legh, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Winford, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Hillsborough,

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That Dr. Butler, Mr. Grenville, Lord Cornbury \ and all the

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had Members who serve for the City of London and Counties directed him to report, when the House will please to of Midd!ejexy Suffolk, and Southampton: And they are to receive the same. meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Chamber.

Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, that he Mr. Hume Campbell, according to Order, reported from Correspon-was directed by the Commictee to move, that they may the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill dencewith have Leave to fit again. to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the thcPretender-

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’sCrown, was corn-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, mitced, the Amendments, which the Committee had to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the made to the Bill, and which they had drredled him to re-Supply granted to his Majesty. pore to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

The other Order of the Day being read; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorn- once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hrs were agreed to by the House.

Majesty. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofifed.

IWftlc’s

Nat.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurue, 16° die Alprilis j

Anno 17* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Pk AYERS.

MR. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Stephen Naville was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boetefeur, wa^( committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

Stamping of A Bill for the more effectual preventing of the affixing Linens. of counterfeit Stamps to foreign or other Linens, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Boctcfeui *s Nat.

Cullum’s

kJtme.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging Incumbrances affecting the lame, and for securing and pro*-viding an Equivalent for the same out of other Part of his Estate, for the Use9 and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cornewally Mr. Brereton, Sir Thomas Wynne, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Packer, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bennety Mr. Walker, Mr. Thomas Gorey Mr. Jeffreys, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Shuttle worth. Colonel Norton, Mr. Raymond, Mr. Knight, Mr. Whichcote9 Lord Carpenter, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Bwrrardy Mr. Ellis, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Coke, Mr. Cope, Mr. Henry Finch,

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act LordCaher’s for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caber in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

PveJolvedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Rennet, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Neale, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Legh, Lord Barrimore, Mr. Laroche, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Coke, Mr. Cotton, Mr.

Charles Pelham, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Oswald, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Breokjbank, Mr. French, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Winford, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Robert Long, Major Selwyn, Mr. Gwynne,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Pryfe, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Banks, Mr. Herbert: And they are to meet this After* noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are Merchant*’ thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Claims o» being offered to be presented to the House; SpailK

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition; and recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-trng forth, That the Petitioners have suffered very considerable Losses in Trade, by Seizures and Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Years 1718, 1719, and 1720; the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by the Petitioners, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soissons, and afterwards to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain; and that a Commission has lately ififued for the Distribution of such Sums'as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named are only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Losses in the Year 1721, and from that time; fothat those who suffered before that time, are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament; and that a Petition has been lately presented to the House by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards; praying a Satisfaction for their Losses out of the Sixty Thou-.

1 fanti

J

Ways and Means.

State, See. the Navy.

African

Company.

17 Geo. II. i6° — 170

1

land Pounds granted by Parliament, and remaining un-disposetl of; which Petition has been referred to a Committee of this House; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners conceive they are equally inticled to Relief as any other their fellow Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take their unfortunate same into Consideration, and to grant them Relief out of the said Money given by Parliament, or in such other manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, who trade to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty* the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Re/ohedy That ir is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Borax and Camphire, which shall be refined in Great Britain, be intitled to the same Drawbacks on Exportation, as are now by Law on a like quantity of unrefined Borax, or unrefined Camphire, exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Duties payable upon Glass Beads shall cease and determine, and, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid to his Majesty, for all Glass Beads imported into Great Britain, whether plain or manufactured, mixed or coloured, the same Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, as are now payable for great Bugles imported.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Compion, Mr. Gybbon, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Foxt Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Jeffreysy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine

into the State, Condition, and Conduct, of the Navy, from the 25th of March 1742, to the 23th of March 1744-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellm for lie omUL., } 2°‘'

' W" f» * »’"4m

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the State, Condition, and Conduct, of the Navy, from the 25th of March 1742, to the 25th of March 1744.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of Vol. 24.

England was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thwfday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mbrning, Levant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating Trade to the Levant Seas.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Aprilis;

Anno i7* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Boeicfeur’* for naturalizing Bernhard Joachim Boetefeur, was Nat* read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVinford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Downes* whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for vesting the Estate late of George Downes Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in Edward Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- , cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And chat the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom North the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Stoneham confirming Agreements made for inclosing and dividing Inclosttrc* Part of North Stoneham Common, in the County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sadsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and are as followech; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 25. After " Stonehamf insert " Common:"

Pr. 2. L. 39. After " by," insert " him':"

Pr. 9. L. 39. After €t are," inferc " agreed:"

Pr. 10. L. 3. Leave out Persons," and insert " pre-cc sent:"

Pr. 11. L. 34. After made" inferc Clause A:

Clause A.

And it is hereby further Enacted, That the high Roads between the new Inclosures, or inclosed Grounds,

/hall be made, and continue. Forty Foot wide from Ditch to Ditch; and that the antient Road leading from Chandler's Fordy through several new Inclosures in the said Manor, to Chilworth Hilly shall be laid open; and the respective Owners of such Inclosures, through which the said Road usually J#y, may put up Swing-gates, to secure their several Properties; so that Passengers, Horse and Foot, and such only, may freely pass and repass through the same as formerly, without Interruption.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr.

656

*7

A. 1744.

Expiring

Laws.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, who ^ere appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their opinion to the House which of them are fit.to be revived or continued, That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report ro the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read, and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; which, by several Acts, hath, froth time to time, been continued; and, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was further continued until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, in the afore-mentioned Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, and which, by the said Act, were to continue in Force until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and d ing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice} which was to continue in Force from the Firil Day of June 1723, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was further continued until the First Day of September 1736, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of September 1744, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty > for making perpetual several Acts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; which was to continue in force during the continuance of the afore-mentioned Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; tand which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, during the continuance of the afore-mentioned Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said! late Majesty; is neat expiring, and fit to be continued. V

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in the said Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making perpetual several Acts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; which was to continue: m force during the Continuance of the afore-mentioned Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late

Majesty; and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued during the continuance of the afore-mentioned* Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects; and for tire more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; to extend, during the Continuance of the said Act, all the Provisions therein contained, for the more speedy and easy bringing the Offenders against the said Act to Justice, and the Persons who shall conceal, aid, abet, or succour, such Offenders; and for making Satisfaction and Amends to all and every the Person ana Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Damages they shall have fuP tained or suffered by any Offender or Offenders against the said Act; and for the Encouragement of Persons to apprehend and secure such Offender and Offenders; and for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted, for any of the Offences committed against the said Act; together with all Restrictions, Limitations, and Mitigations, by the said Act: directed; to all Cafes of Offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously breaking down, or cutting down, the Bank or Banks of any River, or any Sea Bank, thereby any Lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any Hop-binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; or by wilfully and maliciously setting on Fire, or causing to be set on Fire, any Mine, Pir, or Dclph, of Coal or Cannel Coal; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several Clauses in the said Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously fecting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal; or unlawfully hunting or caking any red or fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; which were to continue in Force during the Continuance of the aforementioned Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in AmericOy from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1739, anc* ^rom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Nicholas Fenwicky Sir John CroJJey Sir John Philipps, and Mr. John Fenwick\ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do insert in the said Bill, or one of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses, more effectually to prevent the retailing of Wines without Licence, within the Universities of Oxjord and Cambridge, and the Precincts thereof.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Ways and who are appointed to prepare, and biing in, a Bill or Means. Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions reported Yesterday

from

17 Geo. II*

i *f Jprili

4

from the Committee of tb£ whole itoufe, t6 whorri it #as referred to consider fuhher of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed toby the House, that they do insertin the said Bill, or One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to a Resolution reported from the said Committee upon the 8th Day of March lad, and then agreed to by the House, for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, arisen by Imprest Money, repaid on the Head of the Coinage Duty.

Cliffe’i An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<fl

Estate. for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments devised by the Will of Richard Cliffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for paying the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon by the said Will* and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, if any, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Willj was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Duplin, Sir John Cro/Je, Sir James Grants Sir Jo/. Pennington, Mr. War bur ton. Dr. Butler, Mr. Winnington, Lord Guernsey, Lord Perceval, Mr. To'ke, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cope, Major Selwyn, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wode-hou/e, Mr. Legh, lyir. Lowndes, Mr. Cornewall, Colonel Elliott, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Montague, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Plumptre, Major Cornwallis, Sir Miles Stapyiton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thur/by, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Scot, Mr. Win/ord, Mr. Pry/e, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Cooke, Lord Doneraile. Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Chester, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Boone, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Barrington* and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westminster An ingrofifed Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Bridge. Parliament, made in the T welfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to theop-pofite Shore in the County of Surrey and for making the said Acts more effectual* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and make more effectual several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey \ and for the better enabling the Commissioners for building the said Bridge to finirti the fame, and to perform the other Trurts reposed in them; q,s also for granting further Time for exchanging the Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

DccNaviga- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester and another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Dee-, and for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said Undertakers, and for granting to them other Tonnage or Keelage Rates in lieu thereof* and for other Purposes therein mentioned % without any Amendment: And also,

Studley The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

RoadC>&C for continuing an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the,

Vol* 24.

Reign of his iate Majesty king George the First* so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the fcounty of Wilis* and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Pickwick, in the said County* without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act’ to Moored enable William Moore Esquire, to fell an Estate purchased Eitoe.

Under the Will of William Smythe Esquire, and to lay out the Money thereby arising, with other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will: To which the Lbrds desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

An ingrossed Bill to make it High Treafori to hold Correspon-Correspondence with the Sons of the Pretender to his dence witil Majesty’s Crown, was read the Third time. thcPreten-

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Tide be, An Act to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the1 Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty's Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume Campbill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Supply Bill* Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a Fund* &c* further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Manning the into further Consideration the Report from the Committee Fleeu of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty's Fleet, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Method for Recovery of the Penalties inflicted by this Act* and the Application thereof.

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up and the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay Part of the Money in his Hands, arising from Penalties imposed by this Act, to Volunteers.

And the same was twice read with a Blank, which was filled up* and the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Levant resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade« consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8

18° Jprilis. i 744.'

Mercuriiy 1Z0 die Apr Ms;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1744.

/ Prayers.

Eirl of Dal- rjr^HE Earl of Granard reported from the Committee, keith'sEfUte. to whoni the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Jointure made on the Marriage of Francis Scot Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, ekleft Son, and Heir apparent, to Francis Duke of Buccleuch, with Lady Caroline Campbell; and for impowering the Heirs of Entail, succeeding to the Estate of Francis late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures, in such manner as is therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Downes' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act kftate. for veiling the Estate late of George Downes Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in Edward Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trust, to convey the same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon; and for ocher Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

North Stone- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ham Inclo- for^nffcming Agreements made for inclosing and divid-sure. jag pgjj. of pfgrtb Stonebam Common, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

Laws. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills upon the Resolutions Yesterday reported from the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and then agreed to by the House, that they do inferc in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, a Clause or Clauses, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty’s Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamen’s Wages; and an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing some Laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries, from serving Parish and War Offices, and upon Juries; and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamen’s Wages; and the preservation of Naval Stores and Stores, of War j and concerning the Militia and Tro-phy-money; and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual preventing Erauds relating to the Customs; and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported; so far as the said Acts relate to the Manner or Prosecution for embezzling Naval Stores, or Stores of War.

1

Naville'i An ingrossed Bill, for naturalizing Stephen Naville, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title-be,.

An Act for naturalizing Stephen Naville.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Bill; Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

jRefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition offeveral Traders, in behalf of themselves, American and others concerned in the Provinces of America, was Paper El,ls presented to the House, and read; reprefehting to the 0 Crcdlt’ House, That on Application to the last Parliament, setting forth the evil Consequences of railing the nominal Value of Silver a^nd Gold in the several Provinces in America, the then House of Commons came to several Resolutions, condemning the mischievous Practice of altering., the Rates of Silver and Gold, by issuing Bills of Credit as Money; and likewise by several Addresses to his Majesty, humbly desired him to command the respective Governors of the Colonies effectually to observe his Majesty’s Instructions relating thereto; and that, in pursuance of the said Resolutions and Addresses, his Majesty has, from time to time, given Orders to the respective Governors* punctually to execute the Laws now subsisting, and likewise restrained them from giving their Aflcnc to any Act for further Emissions; but that as all the Provinces have not been observant of the present Laws, although recommended and enforced by his Majesty’s Royal Orders and Instructions, large Emissions of Bills of Credit have lately been made, and, as the Petitioners are informed, more are intended, whereby all Estates in those Provinces, where such Bills of Credit obtain Currency, will be depreciated, and the Petitioners, among others, greatly injured; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend this Mischief cannot be remedied, and the like prevented for the future, without the Inter-pofuion of the British Legislature: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Confide ration; and give such relief, as the House shall think fit.

The House was moved, that the Journal of the House, of the 25th and 28th Days of April 1740, in relation to the said Resolutions and Addresses, and his Majesty’s Answer to the said Addresses, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the issuing of Paper Bills of Credit in the British Colonies and Plantations in America to be legal Tenders in Payments for Money: And that Sir John Barnard,

Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Francis Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moo-e's to enable William Moore Esquire, to fell an Efface pur- Estate-chafed under the Will of William Smythe Esquire, and to lay out the Money thereby arising, wid\ other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole kcvant 12 l ioufe, T;ader

17 Geo. II. i196 9

House, to consider further of the Bill for enlarging and regulating the trade to the Levant Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norborne Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. t.

Mr. Norborne Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wili please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 19*;

Anno 170 Georgii IId* Regis, 1744. Prayers.

Thomhagh’s TR. NIellish reported from the Committee, tp whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering John Thornhagh Esquire, to make a Jointure and Provision for his younger Children, opt of an Estate comprised in a voluntary Settlement made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Parties concerned had giver) their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Corpipittee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ther-tjunjo; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at th£ Qerk’s. Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth

Pr. 18 L. 4. Auer "excepted/* inlert " And whereas <c Sir Thomas Hewett y late 6f Sbife-oahy in the County " of Nottingham, Knight, deceased, majde his last Will " and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Tenth c< Day of February 17.25, and thereby gave and deyifed the Reversion or Remainder of all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York> " Nottingham, and Derby, expectant on the.D^ath of " Dame Frances Hewett his Wife, who now; holds the " same for her Life; and Failure of Issue Male of his 4t own Body, to the Use of the said St. Andrew Thorn- haghy for his Life; Remainder to the said John Thorn-tC haghy for his Life; with fce'mfmdcf td Trustees, and " their Heirs, during his Life, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of cc the First and every other Son of the said John Them-: 44 hagh successively, in Tail Male, with divers Remain- ders over; with a Power for the said John Thornhaghy " and his Sons, when they should have an Estate in Possession in the Premises, or any Part thereof, by " virtue of the said Will, to assign? limit, or appoint, " any Part of the same Premises, nor exceeding the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to, or to the Use or, " or in Trust for, any Woman or Women fhat should " be their respective Wife or Wives, for, and during the " natural Life or Lives of such Woman or Women^ for, 4< or in lieu, Name, or Stead, of her or their Jointure, or <c Part of Jointure ... . ... f

L. 34. After 4f Seven/* inlert c< and . the Will €t of the said Sir Thomas Hewett: ", 1

L. 37. After <£ Mother,*' insert <c and the said " Dame Frances Hewett

L. 40. Leave out from u whereas’* to but," in Line 13. Press 19. and insert 4‘ there is a Prospect of a Marriage between the said John Thornhagh and a <c Lady of considerable Family and Fortune; and he is desirous that a suitable Jointure may be made for her " Maintenance, in case (he should happen to lurvive him,

44 and Provision for the younger Children of such intended Vql. 24,

c< Marriage, out of some iPart of his paternal Estate, in <c such manner as is herein after-mentioned; and on that " Condition ,doth consent, for the Benefit of his eldest " Son, to debar himself of executing the Power giv^n <c him, by the Will of Sir Thomas Hewetty to make a <4 Jointure on the Woman he shall first marry; and doth ct also consent. and agree, that the Lands and Heredita-c< ments, which, by virtue of the said Marriage Settle-<c ment of the Fifth Day of June 1714, do now (land t( limited subject to his Mother’s Rent-charge to him the ct said John Thornhaghy in Tail Male, as only Son of <c that Marriage, shall be settled to the Use of himself <c for Life; Remainder to his First, and other Sons, in " Tail, Male, successively; with Remainder to himself, cc and his Heirs

Pr. 19. L. 36. Leave out from <c appoint," to the Word " to," in Line i. Press 20. and insert Cf over apd c< above, and exclusive of, the Jointure which he is irppowered to limit by the said Indenture of die 17th of " %ne 1727, any annual Sum, or yearly Rent-charge, " not exceeding 8201. per Annum, free from all Deduc-cc cions

Pr. 20. L., 4. After Hereditaments," insert so limited to him the said John Thornhaghy for his Life, in 4< and by the said Indenture:"

I L. 14. After <l Dowers," insert of so as the cf said John Thornhagh shall and do, actually, and bona i€ fidey receive, as a Portion or Fortune with each such <c Woman as he shall so marry, the Sum of 1,006/. " or the Value thereof, for every ico/. Rent-charge so to be limited or appointed, for or in Jointure, as aforesaid P’^and insert Clause A:

L. 37. Leave out from Cf begotten," tost not," in Line 38; and insert 14 on the Body of the Woman He 44 shall first marry:".

Pr. 21. L. 1 i. After " Act," irtfert Clause B.

,f . ' ,t Clause A. , . i’,

And.it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Manor of OJberton9 and all and Angular the Lands, Tenements, Hereditament^,

and Premises, in and by the said First recited Marriage ^Settlement limited to the First and every othey Son of that Marriage, succesilvely, in Tail Male, with their and every of their Appurtenances, shall, from and after the First Day of May 1744, be settled and limited, and the same are hereby from thenceforth settled and limited, to the Use of the said John Thornhagh for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and, after the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of the said John Clerk/oiiy and his Heirs, during the Life o( the said John Thornhaghy in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders; and, immediately after the Decease of the said John Thornhaghy tq the Use of the Firfi. and every other Son of the Body of the said John Thornhaghy lawfully to be begotten, successively, and in Remainder, as they respectively shall be in Priority of Birth; and the several and respective Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons lawfully ifilling; every elder of such Sons, and the Heirs Male of Kis Body, being always preferred, and to take, before a younger of them, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and, in Default of such Issue, to the Use of the said John Thornhaghy his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

Clause B.

Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall pot be lawful to or for the said John Thornhaghy to limit or appoint any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, herein before-mentioned, to be deviled to him for Life, in and by the Will of the said Sir Thomas Hewetty unto, upon, or to the Use of, the First Woman that he the said John Thornhagh shall marry, either in the Life time, or after the Death, of the said Dame Frances Hewett; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

The

Leave of Absence.

London Scree ti.

Merchanti' claims on Spain.

Supply Bill; Duties on GJafs Beads'.

¥r!ct of Coals.

,660

19b — i o° Aprilis, A. 1744.

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the Word "and," and before " Fail* " ure," the Word "on."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon , the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quest rion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the last of the said Amendments, being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

To leave out the Words " the First," and to insert cc any," instead thereof; and, after "Woman," to insert " or Women."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made by the House to the Bill; viz.

At the End of the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Press 19. Line 36. and agreed to by the House, and before the Word " to," in Press 20. Line 1. to insert u whatsoever."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. WhichcOte have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London from New-tajtie> and the Ports adjacent thereunto, for One Year;

The House was moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals* might be read.

And 1 he same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " from Newcastle and " the Ports adjacent thereunto."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Pari of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put j Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of Lon-doit) for One Year: And that Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Stamping Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the"i-inct . more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign and other Linens.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to African whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of ConjPany-England was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Alderman Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, who trade to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Hands arc thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

And some objection being made to the said Report, on account of the Observation of the said Committee, at the End of the said Report;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be rc-commitced to the same Committee.

Mr. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Glass Beads; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of all refined Borax and Cam-phire, as are allowed on unrefined Borax and Camphire exported: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-

Veneris, 20° die Apr ills;

Anno i7* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

SIR John Philipps reported from the Committee, to Byrne's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Eftalc*

An Act to enlarge the Time limited by the Will of Sir Francis Leicester Baronet, deceased, for Sale of the real Estate late of Sir John Byrne Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne Baronet, and his Ifibe, to take and use the Surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said Will; was committed.

That the Committee had examined and found, that the (landing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Limerick) according to Order, reported from Stamping of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for I,incns-

the

in Geo. II.

the more effectual preventing of the Affixing of coun- Mr. George Grenville reported from the Committee, to terfeit Stamps to foreign' and ipther Linens, was com- . whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of milted, the Amendments! which the Committee had Buckingham, in the County of Bucks> to Warmington, in ‘ made to the Bill; andiwthfeh- they had directed him to the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Com-reportto the and he jeadjt he Report in his mifteelmd examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, witK the Amend- the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone , 'ments, in at the Clerk’sTable i Where the Amendments through the Bill, and made 'several Amendments there-.. were once read thrpughOuti.and then a Second time, one unto; which they had direiSfedhim to report to the House; by one; and> upon the Question severally put thereupon, and he read the Report in his Place,; and afterwards de-were, with Amendments to feyerai of^them, agreed to livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's by the House: And an Amendment was made by the Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-House to the Bill. t 0 ... . out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Question severally put thereupon, wei;e* with an , ingrossed. Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

v . .-/ a x Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Thornhagh’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ingrossed.

£llale' . for impowering John Fhornhagh Esquire, to make, a Join- y,:

M.turC, and Provision for his younger Children, out of an A Bill for repealing the ,present Duties payable upon Estate comprised in a voluntary Settlement made by Saint Glass Beads, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties Andrew Thornhagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased, in.lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks , was read the Third time.’ on the Exportation of all refined- Borax and Cam-

_ The Amendments following.were severally proposed to phire, as are allowed on unrefined Borax and Camphire be made, by the House to the Rill; viz, exported; was read a Second time.

In the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bill, in Pness 18... Line 40. and agreed to by the House, . Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

after the Word " on," and, before " Woman," to leave of the whole House. ::

out. " th#e," and iofert '‘any" instead. thereof; and, Resolved, That this House will, upon ^Monday Morn-after "Woman," to insert " or Women that;" and, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

after the Words "he shall," and before "marry," to House, upon the said Bill,

leave out " First."

And tire same went, upon the Question severally put Mr. Norborne Berkeley, according: to Order, reported thereupon, agreed to by the House. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do Bill, for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant pass. , .: _ . Seas, was committed, the Amendments, which the Com-

O.rdered, That Mr. Mcllijk do carry the Bill to the mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed hirn to report to the House; and he read: the Report in

to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amend- his Place^and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

merits this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Amendments, in; at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Lordships. Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

.:; Second time, one by one; and, upon die Question feve-

Eirlof An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to;

Dalkeith’s for confirming the Jointure made on the Marriage of and the rest, with an Amendment to One of them, were

Eicate. Francis Sc ct Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, agreed toby the House.

eldest Son, and Heir apparent, to, Francis Duke of Buc- The Amendment following was proposed to be made

cleuch, with Lady Caroline Campbell; and for impowering by the House to the Bill; viz.:

the Heirs of Entail, succeeding to the Estate of Francis Fol. 4. L. 1. After the\Word "every," and before

late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures, in such manner " Subject," to insert the Word Christian." as is therein mentioned; was read the Third time. And the Question being put, That the Word, " Chris-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. " turn? be there inserted;.

Ordered, That the Lord, Advocate of Scotland do carry It passed in the Negative.

the Bill to the Lords;.and acquaint them, that this Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amend- ingrossed.

Luton

Roads.

ment.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and Supplying Defects, in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wejhvood Gate> in the said County; and for repairing the e Roads from Luton to, St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fanje to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read: And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the faTcK Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Vol. 24.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoLved itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. . -

NMr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

% F Mr.

Buckingham

Road.

Supply Bill;

Duties on Glass Beads, &c.

Levant

Trade.

Ways and Meant.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund, Scc.

Supply.

66 2

ao° — 230 Aprilis. 1744.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday Morning next.

Mr. Francis Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon lf(edne/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Manning the Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make

Fleet. a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morningnext;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurue, 230 d Aprilis;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Moore Esquire, to fell an E(late purchased under the Will of William Smythe Esquire, and to lay out the Money thereby arising, with other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Estate/to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tb Sir John Philipps, Mr. Winford, Mr. Manfel, Mr. Shuitleworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pryfe, Mr. Williams,' Sir John Barrington, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellifk, Dr. Butler, Sir James Grant, Mr. Powell, Sir W. Wms. Wynn, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Chester, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. West, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. A/-., fleck, Mr. Fane; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Sussex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1 ‘

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time limited by the Will of Sir Francis Leicester Baronet, deceased, for Sale of the real Estate late bf Sir John Byrne Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also to enable Sir Peter Byrne Baronet, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Leicester only, pursuant to the said Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass? ' -

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Prayers.

Luton f\RDERED, That the Order of the Day, forrefum-

Roads. L/ ing acyourneci Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defects, in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to Si. Albans, in the County of Hertford', and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the House being informed, that there are some Mistakes in some of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

London Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Streets, further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, was committed, be now read.

And t he said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration:

And Objection being made to some of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-commitccd.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

And the said Committee are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Lifter, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Fane, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Proby, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Hopton, Major Selwyn, General Onslow, Lord Dupplin, Captain Evans, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the extraordinary Charge of Forage, Waggon-money, and other Expences incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1744.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impowerthe Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, for one Year: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was referred:

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By several Resolutions in the Journal of the House, of the 26th March 1730, the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company could not befup-ported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament.

By the Journal of the House, of the 9th of April 1730, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds was granted towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements; and, by the Journals of the House of all the fub-sequent Years, the like Sum has been annually granted for the Purposes aforesaid.

Your Committee proceeded to examine into the Application of the said Sums:

And

Moore’s

Estate.

Byrne’s

Estate.

Supply.

Price of Coali.

African

Company-

ij Geo. II.

a J° Aprilis.

66 3

And, Mr. Edward Spark*, Accountant General to the said Company, being examined, laid, That he had been in the said Company’s Service, in their Accountant’s Ot. fice, ever since June 1720, and their Accountant General ever since October 1729: That the Care, Management, and Ordering, of all the said Company’s Accounts, as well abroad as at home, were under his Care: That his Office was not confined to any particular Branch, but extended to the Whole; so that there could not beany buying, Celling, importing, or exporting, pnying or receiving Money, or any other Craniadion inTtade, abroad or at- home, without coming to his Knowledge, and being: subject to his Examination and Inspediop, either before: or after such Transaction is done: That he was obliged, by his Office, to take Cognizance of the Contents of evefy Book and Paper of Accounts, or any way relating thereto, except Tylinutes and Letters, before such Book, or Paper received the Sandion of the Court of Assistants, or any Committee thereof; which was always testified by his subscribing every such Book or Paper, or making ' a Report thereon; and that he was the Person who drew up and signed the Account of the Charges paid by the Royal African Company of England for maintaining their Forts and Setrlements upon the Coastof Africa, from the 31st of December 1729, to the 31st of December 1743, so far as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said Company; distingui thing each Year; presented to the House, February the 9th, and referred to your Committee*

Then the said Accountant was required to give a distinct Account of the several principal Heads of which the said Account doth consist

And he laid before the Committee a Paper, intituled, The Account of the Charges paid by the Royal African Company of England, for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, from the 31st of December 1729, to the 31st of December 1743, so far as the Accounts thereof have been received by the said (Company; distinguishing each Year, further distinguished under several Heads:

Whereby it appeared what each of those Heads have amounted to for each Year, in the Twelve Years, from December 31st, 1729, to December 31st, 1741, each Year; amounting in the Whole to the Sum total set against the same Year, in the said Account presented to the House.

It further appeared by the said Account, and by the Examination of the Cempany’s said Accountant thereupon, that each of the said Heads have amounted, on an Average per Year, one Year with another, for the said 12 Years, as follows:

Salaries and Diet Money to Soldiers, £. s. d. Artificers, Castle Slaves, Canoe Men, and free Blacks, paid in Africa, but here reduced into Sterling Money ... 6,540 4 11

Materials for Building, Stores, Tools, and Ammunition, provided for in Africa, here reduced to Sterling .....1,915 4 7

Quit-rents, Dafhees, and other Acknowlegements, paid in Africa, here reduced to Sterling - - 2,249 10 11

Charges of Boats and Canoes paid in

Africa, here reduced to Sterling 371 19 10 Stores, Materials, and Recruits, paid for in England, in Sterling Money - 849 2 8

Charges of Ships and final 1 Vessels

attending the Forts, Sterling - 1,000-----

For Governors, Fadors, and Agents, supplying the Places of military Officers, paid in Africa, and here

reduced to Sterling - 2,000-----1

For Freight and Insurance of Goods exported for defraying the se

VOL. 24.

Charges, paid in England, in Sterling Money -All which together amount, on an Average, for each Year of the said 12 Years, one Year with another, to the same Sum which is mentioned in the Account delivered into the House; viz. to The Committee proceeded to exa-

Afriean

2,026 12 6 C"W

>«.952 r5 5.

mine into the several Articles of which the said Account, delivered into the House, doth confrft; and the said Accountant being examined, be gave and produced the following Evidence and Proofs in Support thereof.

As to the First Article of £.12,61 j. is. 11 d being what is alleged to have been paid by the said Company for maintaining their Forts and Settlements, for the Year i73°5

fie said, that the said Sum was by him cotleded with great Pains and Care from a very large Number of the Company’s Books and Papers, chiefly from those kept by the Company’s Agents abroad, and by them transmitted home to the Company, and partly from the Company’s Books kept in London, and from the Vouchers from which the said Books, as well those from abroad as those at home, were collected and composed.

He said, that, by Books, he meant Journals, Ledgers, Cash Books, and Invoice Books: That, by Papers, he meant Invoices, Bills of Lading, Day Books, and other small Books, kept at Out-fadories, Lists of Living and Dead, Lists of Castle Slaves, and Canoe Men, inventories, Receipts, and all other Vouchers:

That the Vouchers for every thing paid in England were common Receipts, Invoices, and Bills of Lading; all which had undergone the Inspection and Examination of the Court of Assistants themselves, or some Committee thereof, as well as of this Examinant.

As to the Vouchers for all Payments and Disbursements made abroad, he said, That, by the established Rules of the Company, every Person in their Service, in what Station soever, who is intrusted with any of their Effects, whether the Value be much or little, is obliged to keep a true Account of all Receipts, and Dispofds thereof, in Writing, and, at the End of every Two Months, at farthest, to render to the Council which resides at the principal Fort, Two Originals, signed by the said Person so intrusted, and attested to be true by some other of the Company’s Servants, who has been privy to his Transactions: That then the Accountant refidingat the principal Fort, examines, and makes his Remarks upon, the Accounts so rendered, and requires Vouchers in Writing for such Transactions as are therein mentioned to have been had with Europeans (it being impradicable to have written Vouchers for Dealings with the Natives): That the said Accountant lays all Accounts so rendered, with his Remarks thereon, before the said Council; which examines, allows, or disallows, such Accounts, and makes such Deductions or Abatements therein as they fee causet That, afterwards, every such Account is returned to such Accountant, as one of the Vouchers from whence he is to compose the General Books to be sent home to the Company: That, by General Books, is meant Journals and Ledgers: That such Journals and Ledgers are Col-ledions arising from such Vouchers as before-mentioned, reduced into Order and Method: That the Councils abrqad have not Power to pais or allow any Account or Voucher finally, every thing being subject to the Company’s future Examination and Approbation in England: That each Journal and Ledger comprises the Accounts for Six Months; and, after having been duty stated and balanced abroad, they are sent home to the Company by the first safe Conveyance, together with all the original Vouchers from which they are composed: That, upon their Arrival in England, the said Journals and Ledgers are compared by this Examinant with the Vouchers; and the said Vouchers themselves are examined: That Objections and Deductions are thereupon made by the Company

here,

African

Company.

664 a30 AprtUs. , i 744*

here, when due-Cause is found for so doing: That so many several Examinations-of the Books and Accounts,

made by Persons whose private interests have no Connec--tion with each other, render it extremely difficult for any of the Company’s Servants to embezzle.or misa^plyany of the Effects committed to their Charge, with Impunity, or without being detected.

.Th§ Examinant further said, That an; Account of all the Particulars which make up the; Sum of £. 12,615. 2 s. 11 d. before-mentioned (except £. 1,000), being for any a§ to fill between 30 and 40 Sheets of Paper, close written, on ill Sides, were by him collected and written out, and made Oath to before One of the Barons of the Exchequer, and then delivered to One of the Auditors, in behalf of the Company: That the Account so delivered andfvvorn to, contained ;oneArticle of £. 1,000, Reficftie; of the said £. 12,615. 2J* which was Charged

therein, by Estimate, for thei Attendance bf, the Compa-, ny’s Ships upon the Forts,..to transport Timber,"Lime,. Materials for Building, and other necessary Service; and that the Reaton of charging the iaid^. 1,000 by mate, was and is,‘because the Charge of 'the Company’s . Ships is partly paid abroad, but prihcipklly at home; and the Sailors Wages, and Wear and Tear, for the Time of such their Attendance, cannot ealily be ascertained; there being often several of them on the Coast at the same time, and the Continuance of each very different $ but that he was well allured, , that the said Sum of£. 1,000 was far lets than the Attendance of the Company’s Ships upon the said Forts have flood them in annually. 1

He further said, That, after due Examination of the Account delivered as aforeiiud.to the Auditor of the Im-prefl, and after the Deputy Auditors had compared the same with the Books and Vouchers from which it was collected by this Examinant, the Company had obtained an Allowance and Quietus for the said Sum of £. 124615. is. 11 d. and for the further Sum of £. 280. 71. being the Fees paid by the said Company upon the Receipt of £. 10,000 and the Fees for passing the said Account; makingtogether the Sum of £ 12,895. gs, nd.; so that they were in Surplusage, for the said Year 1730, the Sum of £. 2,^95. gs. nd.

Then the said Examinant laid before your Committee the original Quietus, which was read, and confide red; and it appeared thereby, that the whole Sum paid by the said Company, for the said Year 1730, was £.12,895.

9s* 11 d. Sterling, as aforesaid: That £. 11,657. 7. 7, Parc thereof, had been paid that Year in Africa; which being reduced into Sterling Money, at the Rate of 50 per Cent. made £. 7,771. iu. 9d. Sterling: That it had been proved by the Certificate of several Merchants trading 10 Africa, that £0 per Cent. was a full Allowance, or Deduction, in lieu of an Exchange: That £. 5,123. i8x. °d. had been paid in England, in Sterling Money, the same Year; which . said Sums of^. 7,771. 11. 9, and £. 5,123. 18 s. 2 d. make together the before-mentioned Sum of £. 12,895. 9s- 11 Sterling, allowed by the said Quietus to have been paid by the said Company for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, for the Year ended December the 31 ft,1730; which £. 12,895. 9* Hi exceeds the Sum of £. 12,615 2. ii, charged for the said Year 1730, in the said Account presented to the House, by £. 280. 7, allowed for Fees, as before-mentioned; and that the said Company were then in Surplusage the Sum of £. 2,895.

9s. 11 d. over and above the Sum of £. 10,000 imprest cd to them for that Year.

The said Examinant being examined to the Second Article of £. 12,894. 15. charged for the Year 1731, laid.

That it had been collected, sworn to, examined, and palfed, in the very same manner as the preceding Article: And he laid before )Our Committee the original Quietus for the Sum of £. 13,175. 21.; which exceeds the said Sum of£. 12,894. 15. by £.280.7, for Fees, as in the former Article.

He gave the same Account of the Third Article of

*3

£.14,170. 5. 2, for the Year 1^32; and produced the original Quietus for the Sum of£. 14,450. 12. 2; which exceeds the said Sum of £. 14,170. $s. id: by £. 280.

75, as in the former Years.

He gave the same Account of) the Fourth Article'of £. 1^,628. 15.* 10 (excepting that the Auditors of the Imprtft-had reduced the same to £. 13,626. 15J. lodi)

- for the Year *733 j aftdihe presented1 the original Quietus . for the 'Sum1 of £.13,907. 2. 10 ;1 M)ith exceeds the . said* Sum of £.13,626. i^j. tb,‘ by £ 280. 7, as in the former Years. ‘

He igave^the fame* Account 6f'the Fifth AftJcIe of £.13',487. 43. (excepting that the Auditors bf* the 1 imprest had-reduced the same to £. 13,485. 19. ofor thei Year 1734; and presented the; original Qbfetus for the Sum of £. 13,766. 6. %kv which exceeds the; fkidf Sum of £. 13,485. J9.’8j, byJ £. 280. 7, as in th6 former -Years.

: He gave -the same Account of the: Sixth Article.1 of £.12,777. 7. 7; for the Year 1735; and presented the original Quietus for the Sum of£. 13,057. 14. 7; Which exceeds the said Sum of £. 12,777. 7.. 7, by £. 280.'7.

as in the former .‘ Years.

le said-Examinant being examined concerning the /Seventh Article of £. 12,186. 13/5, for the Year 17^6, he said,

That the Account of the Particulars thereof had been oolledled, delivered to the Auditor of the Imprest, fwdrn to, and examined, in the same manner with all the befotc-mentioned Articles: That he was informed, and believed, the said Accdunt. had been palfed a few Days ago; but that the Quietus was not yet1 received by the Company:

’ That he had brought with him true Copies of the Accounts, as delivered to the Auditors of the Imprest, for the said Year 1736, and all the preceding Years; and also of the Six Quietufes before-mentioned; all which were contained in Three Volumes, intituled, Castle Charge Books, N9 1, N° 2, N°.3 and he laid the said Volumes before the Committee.

The said Examinant being further examined concerning each of the following Articles y viz.

The Eighth Article of £. 13,804. 8. 7, for the Year 17 3 7 5

The Ninth Article of £. 13,597. 13. u, for t£e Year 173^.i

The Tenth Article of £. 11,818. 3. q, for the Year ’739*:

The Eleventh Article of £.13,387. 12. 7, for the Year 1740;

The Twelfth Article of £. 11,545. 4. 1, for the Ye&r 1741 5

He said. That he had collected them from the like Books, Papers, and Vouchers, in the same manner with the foregoing Years, with all possible Care; but had not had Time to get all the Particulars written, as was done for the said foregoing Years, of which the Accounts have been delivered to the Auditors of the Imprest.

The said Examinant being asked, Whether he could make Oath to the Truth of the Five total Sums last above-mentioned?

He answered, That he could not; for that whereas, in the Accounts of the first Seven Years, Recourse was had to every original Voucher, and every particular Item examined, compared, and written out; which was a very laborious Work, each Year’s Account being sufficient to employ a good Clerk for a whole Year’s Time; in the Accounts for the last Five Years, he had been obliged, for want of Time, to trust, in some Degree, to the Collections made and entered in the original Books from abroad, by the Accountants there: That, however, he is very certain, the total Sums for the last Five Year^ are less than the same will be found to be upon a minute and more careful Examination; because he had left every Charge out, of which he had not Time to be fully satisfied.

The said Examinant then informed the Comrfiittee, That he had brought with him the original Bo6ks, from

whence

17 Geo. IL 230 Apfilis^ 5

whence he had collected the said Saras, charged for the last Five Years above-mentioned, with References to the particular Pages and Parts where every Item was to be seen: That the said Books consisted of 46 Volumes of Journals, Ledgers, and Invoice Books; and that he was Jikewiie ready to produce and lay before the Committee, all the original Vouchers from whence the said Books were composed; confuting of many Hundred of such original Day Books, States of Trade, Invoices, and Bills of Lading, Receipts, Lists of Living and Dead, and of Castle Slaves and Canoe Men, as before-mentioned.

Upon the Evidence to this Point, your Committee beg Leave to observe, that they having received already such an Account of the Truth of the Amount of the Charges for each Year of the first Seven Years, and not having any Reason to doubt, that the Amount of the Charges for each of the last Five Years, which do not exceed, but rather fall short of the former Years, have been collected with due Diligence and Care, thought it unnecessary to enter into a particular and minute Examination of the Books, Papers, and Vouchers, so offered to be produced, bn behalf of the said Company, by the said Examinant.

The said Examinant being examined concerning the Article of £.24,000, charged in the said Account, delivered to the House, for Governors, Chief Agents, and Factors, supplying the Places of military Officers, for 12 Years, at £. 2,000 per Annum, said,

That the Company had not employed or appointed any military Officers above the Degree of a Serjeant: That the Duty of all superior Officers had been performed by some or other, or altogether, of the Governors, Factors, Writers, &c. for the whole time; That one superior military Officer at each Fort would not have been sufficient, and yet would have cost annually more than the Sum of£. 2,000: That, in the Accounts rendered at the Exchequer, and in those dated in the same manner, as is herein before-mentioned, all such Governors, Factors, Writers, &c> are charged as common Soldiers only, at £. 18 Sterling per Annum each, and no more; amounting in the Whole to £. 11,282. is. Sterling, in all the 12 Years; but that the Salary and Diet Money paid by the Company to the same Persons, in the same time, has amounted to£. 41,601. Gs. 11 d. Sterling, betides all the Commissions allowed and paid to those Persons, which have amounted to a very considerable Sum over and above the said £.41,601. Gs. 1 id.

And he presented to the Committee an Account, containing Twelve several Lifts, or Accounts, of the Governors, Chief Agents, Factors, and Writers, in Africa, employed and paid by the Royal African Company for the 12 several Years between December 31 ft, 1729, and December 31st, 1741; in which is expressed the Name, Office, Allowance of Salary, and Diet, the Time of Continuance, and Amount of Salary and Diet Money, of every single Person; and also the Amount of each Year, and of all the 12 Years; making together the before-mentioned Sum of £..41,601. 6s. 1 \d. Sterling: The said Account doth likewise contain a Computation or Account, cf whac is charged for the same Persons at £. 1S per Annum each, for each Year, in all the 12 Years; amounting in the Whole to the before-mentioned Sum of £. 1 1,282. is. Sterling: And the said Examinant said. That he had carefully collected the same from the Lists of the Living and Dead Journals and Ledgers, and Pay Bills, being original Books and Papers received from the proper Officers abroad; all which he was ready to produce, if required.

The laid Examinant being further examined concerning the Article of£. 24,319. 10s. charged by the Company in the said Account delivered to the House, for Freight and Insurance of Goods exported to Africa or defraying the Charges of maintaining their Forts and Settlements; he said.

That the Insurance on Goods exported to Africa in Twelve Years had amounted to£. 1,554 Sterling s That the Freight here charged, was Freight performed by the

VOL. 24.

Company’s own Ships: That those Ships have, in the said Twelve Years, made Sixty-two Voyages to Africa, and have flood the Company in£. 47,085 Sterling, all paid in£;/g-land: That such Freight and Insurance being put together, amount to the Sum of £.48,639 Sterling: That he had collected that Sum from the Company’s Journals, Ledger, Cash Books, Ships Books, and Pay Bills of Sailors: That the Company had Likewise Vouchers for every Article which composed the said Sum of £.48,639, confiding of common Bills of Parcels, Receipts, Policies of Insurance, Bills of Sale, and other common Vouchers, to the Number of several Thousands; all which have undergone the Examination of this Examinant, and also of the Court of Assistants, or some Committee thereof; and are ready to be produced, if required: That the Company’s said Ships had Likewise cost them very considerable Sums, to the Amount of£. 3,782 Sterling, during the said 12 Years, which were paid abroad; but no-where. mentioned or charged in the Account*deliverea to the House.

The said Examinant being asked. Why, or by what Rule, the Company charged one Moiety only of the said £.48,639, being the said £.24,319. ioj. to the Account of maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa f he said,

That it waseftimated and computed, that the Freight and Insurance of Goods outwards, to the Amount of £. 10,000 per Annum, might have been performed and paid for 12 Years, for about the said Sum of£.24,3x9. ioj. provided the said Company’s Ships could have made their Voyages in the shorleft Times, without being detained upon the Coast, to attend and serve the Forts and Castles there, as they often were for very long Times together: That there is no more than £. i,000 Sterling/)^ Annum charged for such Attendance, as is before-mentioned; making in all £.12,000 in the 12 Years; which, with the £.24,319. ioj. before-mentioned, amount together to £. 36,319 ioj. being the Whole that is charged for Freight, Insurance, and Attendance of Ships upon the Forts: That the Company have made no Charge at all of the llefidue of the before-mentioned Sum of £. 48,639, being £. 12,319. ioj. nor of the Sums paid abroad on the same Account, amounting to£. 3,782 Sterling; as well because there should be no reasonable Objection to the Account delivered to the House, as because the said Ships have laved to tl?e Company some Freight by short Trips made for Trade upon the Coast, and by importing some Returns from Africa, which must otherwise have been paid fur by the Company to hired Ships, though not to near the Amount of the said Sum of £. 12,319. ioj. and £. 3,782; making together the Sum of£. 16,101. 10s. Sterling; which is no-where charged in the said Account for maintaining their Forts and Settlements.

The said Examinant being further examined. Why the before-mentioned Sum of£. 24,000, charged for Governors, &V. supplying the Places of military Officers, and also the before-mentioned Sum of £.24,3:9. ioj. for Freight and Insurance, were not in the V\ ho.e, or in a proper Proportion thereof, inserted annually in the several Accounts paired at the Exchequer, and in all the following Accounts since collected in the same Method, and upon the same Plan, as is herein before-mentioned ? he said.

That a proper Proportion of the said Two Sums might have been inserted in the said annual Accounts very juit-ly; but that as the Company were charged with no more than £. 10,000, and as all the other Articles of Charges for maintaining their Forts amounted to a greater Sum than the said £. 10,000, it was thought by the Company to be unnecessary to add tliele.

Being further examined, Whether any, or how much, of the Salaries of the Court of Assistants, or of the Company’s Officers or Clerks, or of the Charges of Management at home, were included in the Accounts passed at the Exchequer, or in the Account delivered to tue House? he answered,

8 G

Africa ri Company.

That

666 230 Aprihs. A. 1744*

African That the Account presented to the House, and those Company, delivered into the Exchequer, were exclusive of the said Charges.

Your Committee having gone through all the Articles of the Account delivered to the House, and referred to the Committee, it was found, That the Royal African Company have paid for maintaining their Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, in Twelve Years, from December 31st, 1729,10 December 31st, 1741, the Sum of £. 203,433. 5. 10; which, when taken on an Average, comes to the Sum of £.16,952. 15. 5, for each Year: That there is the further Sum of £. 280. 7, paid each Year for Fees at the Exchequer; which being added to the said Sum of £. 16,952. 15. 5, makes the said annual Charge to be£. 17,233. 2. 5.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine into the Trading Stock of the Company, in order to fee how far the same was exhausted:

And the Company’s said Accountant offered to the Committee a Paper, containing a State of the Trading Stock and Debts of the said Company, as the same flood on the 31st Day of December 1729; and also a State of the like Debts and Trading Stock, as the same flood on the 31 ft Day of December 1743; propoling thereby to shew to the Committee how much the said Company were impaired in their Circumstances, by the Increase of their Debt, in 14 Years.

But the Committee requiring to be informed by what Gradations the said Debts had increased upon the Company, ordered the said Accountant to lay before them several States thereof, ending at different Periods within the said Fourteen Years; and accordingly he laid before the Committee a Paper, intituled, Four General States of the Debts and Trading Stock of the Royal African Company of England, as the same flood on December 31st, 1729;

December 3 1 ft', 2733;

December 31 ft, 1757;

December 31 ft, 1743:

By which it appeared, that the Company’s Debts, on the 31 It Day of December 1729, exceeded their Trading Stock by the Sum of £. 13,005; and, on the 31 ft of December 1733, the said Debts exceeded their Trading Stock by the Sum of £. 13*535; and, on the 31st of December 1737, ^a,c^ Debts exceeded their Trading

Stock by the Sum of £. 33,314; and, on the 31st of December 1743, the said Debts exceeded their Trading Stock by the Sum of £. 72,640.

And the said Accountant being examined thereupon, and asked, Why the Excess of the Company’s Debts above their Trading Stock had increased in the full Four Years no more than from £. 13,005 to £. 13,535 ? he said,

That the Company had raised the Sum of £.25,895. 16. 6, very soon after the said December 31st, 1729, by the Sale of African Stock belonging to the Company in their Corporate Capacity; all which was applied to the Payment of the Debts that were due December 31st, 1729; and thereby not only discharged the Sum of £. 13,005 (the Sum by which the said Company’s Debts exceeded their Trading Stock, December jifl, 1729), but also a further Sum of their Debts then due, to the Amount of £. 12,891; without which the Sum of £. 13>535» at the End of the Year 1733, would have been increased by the said Sum of £. 12,891, and the Company’s Debts would have exceeded their Trading Stock on the said December 31st, 1733, by £. 26,426, instead of £. 13,535, as it now {lands in the Paper so presented.

The said Examinant being asked, How the Excess of the Company’s Debts, in 1743* came to exceed the Excess in 1719, by no more than about £. 60,000, when the Charges of maintaining the Forces did exceed the Allowance by Parliament by a much greater Sum ? he said,

That the Company had raised £. 25,895. 16. 6, as before-mentioned; and, besides, the Profits in Trade had 20

been very considerable, or otherwise the said Debts mud at this time have been increased further, by means of the Charge of maintaining the Forts; and also by the whole Charges on Trade, the whole Charges of Management at hortie, and by all bad Debts and Losses which have accrued in the 14 Years.

And being asked, Whether by Trading Stock was meant and intended the Company’s whole Stock, or all which they reckoned themselves possessed of? and he having informed the Committee, that the Trading Stock was by no means the Whole of the Company’s Stock, he was required by the Committee to explain and distinguisti the fame, by making such Additions, as should be proper, to the Paper last presented.

This being done, and laid before your Committee, it appeared thereby, that, by the said Trading Stock, is meant. Gold, Goods, Merchandize, Negroes, and other Commodities for Barter or Sale: That the said Trading Stock is exclusive of all permanent or fixed Stock, comj moniy called Dead Stock; which, besides Castle Slaves, Canoe Men, Ordnance, Ammunition, Stores, Tools, Materials, and Furniture, confills principally in the Company’s Property in Ten several Forts or Castles: And, in the said Addition to the said Paper, the Value of 592 Castle Slaves, 71 Canoe Men, 307 Pieces of Ordnance, and Ammunition, Stores, Tools, Materials* and Furniture, according to the last Accounts and In* ventories received from the Coast of Africa, is set down to be £. 38,697 Sterling:

Also the Names of the Company’s Forts or Castles, with their Number of Guns, arc set down in the said Addition; but the Value of the Forts themselves is not fixed, otherwise than by certain Considerations offered to the Committee, in the following Words:

" As to the Value of the said Ten Forts or Castles, if " the same were to be fixed according to their Usefulness and Importance to the Trade and Navigation of €€ this Kingdom, depending thereon, it must be an im-" mense Sum of Money; or if valued according to " what they have cost the Company, in upwards of 70 " Years pall, exclusive of all Monies received from the " Public, or otherwise, such Value would amount to €( above One million of Money:

" But if valued according to what other neighbouring " Nations might afford, and would probably give for " them, they may, at a moderate Rate, be valued at " £ 500,000,

" Which Valuation must appear moderate to every of one who considers of what Importance the Trade to " Africa would be to any Nation possessing the fame; " and the said Valuation is likewise verified from ihefollowing Instances of the like Nature:

<c In the Year 1713, the Lords Commissioners of Trade and Plantations had an Offer from the King of " Prussia to fell to this Nation One Fort at Cape Three " Points, and Two other Out-works belonging to the " fame, for the Sum of £. 200,000 Crowns, amounting " t6 about £. 50,000 Sterling; and, according to that " Estimation, the African Company’s Forts and Castles " cannot be valued at so little as £. 500,000.

" And, in the Year 1718, the French Senegal Com-0 pany, who were possessed of only one small Fort in the " River Senegal, and another in the Island of Goree, near " the other, fold them to the new Company, then lately " established at Paris, for 1,600,000 Livres, or about " £. 80,000 Sterling; and, according to that Proportion, the Value of the Royal African Company’s Forts " and Settlements would amount to above £. 800,000.’’ With regard to the Letters from Four Captains of Four Men of War, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, which were referred to the Committee, concerning the State of the said Company’s Forts and Settlements at different times.

the Company’s Accountant madenoObjections in general to the Accounts given by the said Captains of the Men of War, but agreed with them; it having been alleged to

the

17 Geo. II.

the Committee, on behalf of the said Company* that, although the said Company have exported from England Supplies of Merchandize, Stores, and Recruits, to their Forts and Castles, in 14 Years past, to the Amount of £. 160,000 Sterling, and have procured further Supplies of Merchandize there in Barter for such Commodities, as incourse of Trade ought to have been returned to England, to the Amount of a Very large Sum more; yet they have not of late Years been enabled to repair, fortify, and supply, their several Forts and Castles upon the Coast of Africa, in a sufficient Manner to secure the said Forts, and the Possession of the Trade on that Coast; (b that they are now become very much out of Repair, and not in a proper defensible Condition against any Enemy that may attempt to attack them; but with regard to what is further alleged in the said Letters, in relation to the Com* pany s not having sent any Supplies to several of their Forts, during certain Periods of Time, and the Numbers of white Men employed at the said Forts at the respective Times when the said Captains were on that Coast; it was observed* that, as those were Matters which could not come within the particular Knowledge and Observation of the Captains, they might be misinformed in relation to them; and, to prove this, the following Evidence was given: And, First,

As to the Supplies,

Captain Strange, in his Letter to Mr. Corbett, dated September 20th 1741, writes, "That Gambia had no *4 Supplies of Goods for Two Years past;" but the Company’s Accountant produced, and presented to the Committee, 12 Bills of Lading, with Receipts upon the Backs thereof, and One Invoice; which shewed. That Supplies of Goods, Stores, and Recruits, were sent by the Company, and delivered at Gambia; viz.

Amount of -Delivered, in May 174 Amount of -Delivered, in June 17^ Amount of -More, in August 1741 -

to the £ S. d.

to the 2,004 l7 9

to the 3.294 1 8

2.535 2.079 10 18 A 5

Making in all - - 9,914 8 2

Captain Wyndham, in his Letter to Mr. Corbett, dated August 13th 1742, writes, 44 That " no Goods were sent to Cape Coast from the Company since August 1740;" but the said Accountant proved to the Committee, by Books signed by the chief Agents abroad, and by Nine original Bills of Lading presented to the Committee, That

There remained at Cape Coast Castle, at the End of June 1740, sundry Goods ana Merchandize, to the Amount of £. 2,990. a, and £. 1,276. 18. 3; all valued at prime Cost, and amounting Sterling, together to - - - 4,267 — 3

Delivered, in July 1740, to the

Amount of - - - 785 6 8

Delivered, in August 1740, to the

Amount of - *>569 18 6

Also, in the same Month, to the

Amount of 164 18 7

Bills drawn on the Company in December 1740 - 554 — —

Sent out in June 1742 - - 719

And \njuly 1742 ... 2,701

8 11

Making in all - - 11,761 17 7

Captain Gregory, in his Letter [o Mr.

Corbett, dated June nth 1743, writes, "That the Storehouse of Dixcove was quite empty, having had no " Supply ffbm Cape Coast, or from the Royal African Company, for Three Years, as the Chief told him." The kid Accountant informed your Committee, That they never fend Supplies to Dixcove, or any other Out-fprt, directly from England: That Dixcove is a Place of more Use for supplying all other Forts with Timber, Vot. £4.

than for Trade t That Captain Gregbry Wds upon the Gold Coast about the Months of August and September, 1742: That the Company have not received their Accounts from the Gold Coast for all the Time of the Three Years mentioned in Captain Gregory's Letter j but the said Company’s Accountant proved, by the original Accounts and Books, signed by the several Chiefs of Dixcovt Fort, (which he presented to the Committee)* that Supplies had been sent to, and received at; that Fort by the said Chiefs in 2} Years, preceding December 31st, 1741, to the Amount of ^.983. 7s. j J. at prime Cost in England; all which, together with the Profits made by the Disposal thereof, had been applied to the Maintenance of that Fort in that time.

Captain Gregory, in the same Letter, fays the same of Gommenda as he does of Dixcove; in Answer to which* the said Company’s Accountant proved, by the original Accounts and Books signed by the several Chiefs at Commenda Fort (which he presented to the Committee', that Supplies had been sent to, and received at, that Fort by the said Chiefs, in 2\ Years preceding December 31st, 1741, to the Amount of £. 2,614. 13/. lid. at prime Cost in England.

Captain Gregory further writes, 44 That the People at, Cape Coast Castle complain of the Company’s not fend-1 u ing out any Goods or Provisions, as they promised; which occasioned them to be in a starving Condition;

" except only a Ship from Bristol, with £. 280 worth of Provisions for them and the Out-Forts:" To which the said Accountant, on behalf of the Company, said. That Captain Gregory must needs have been misinformed concerning the £. 280 worth of Provisions from Bristol, as they did not send out any such Parcel: That, provided Cape Coast Castle, and the other Forts, had been well furnished with good Cargoes of Merchandize, there would have been no absolute Necessity for fending out Provisions: That the Provisions which did arrive at Cape Coast Castle, during the time Captain Gregory was there, cost the Company the Sum of £. 719. 5. 8, Sterling before mentioned: That it is true, the Company’s Forts have n 4 been sufficiently supplied with Goods, but not true that the Company have sent no Goods, as appears by what was proved in Answer to the Complaint contained in Captain Wyndham s Letter: Also, the said Accountant proved, by Two Bills of Lading (which he presented), that a Cargo was sent to Cape Coast Castle in May last, amounting to £. 3,906. 14. 1.

As to the Number of white People mentioned to be employed in the Company’s Service* according to the Four Letters from the Four Captains of the Men of War;

The said Accountant admitted, on behalf of the Company, that the Number which they have had in their Service for some Years, have been by no means sufficient: That, nevertheless, the said Captains have been misinformed in that Matter: To prove which, the said Accountant presented to the Committee Four Lifts, drawn up by him, setting forth the Number, Names, and Employments, of the Persons who were living at each Place upon the Coast of Africa, at the respective Times, answering to the Times when the said Ships of War were there; alloan Abstract of the said Four Lifts; likewise Five original Lifts ot Living and Dead, received from the proper Officers abroad, as Vouchers to the Truth of the Lifts by him drawn up.

From whence it appeared, that the Number of white Persons flood as followeth:

By Captain Strange's Letter, 84. By the Company's Lift, 135.

By Captain Wyndham's Letter, 64. By the Company's Lift, 109.

By Captain Gregory's Letter, 52. By the Coiffpany’s Lift, 107.

By Captain Frogmore's Letter, 65. By the Company’* Lift, 101.

As to what is further alleged by the said Captains of the Men of War, concerning the Danger of the French

engrossing

Africa*

Company,

Supply Bill;

Duties on Glass Beads, &c.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Lutpn

Roads.

668>

cngVpfling.. the who!cr Trade to themselves,'the great Shaft they have of it at present’, beyond thzEnglish\ and that the English might command the greatest Trade on the Goaft from all other Nations, if their Castles were kept in good Order, and well supplied; those Allegations weftifotirely acquiesccd in, and confirmed, on behalf of the Company.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whomi it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Glals Beads, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of all refined Borax and Camphire as are allowed on unrefined Borax and Camphire exported;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to explained amend an Act, passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain; and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British or Irish Linens exported; as to the Persons who are to receive the Bounties therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds upon entering for Exportation British or Irish Linen, as of the Value of Sixpence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, being above the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddireded him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wiLI, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 240 die Apr Ms \

Anno 17* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. OngUy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defers* in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for 'continuing an Act:, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reigi^ of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Road^ from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford\ and for miking the said Acts more effectual; was re-committed, That the Committee

A. 1744.

hajd made several other Annendfiientsf to the Bill; which they had directed him to-report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place K and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to London

whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Streets,

the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one , and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Eighth, Fourth, aful Import of Fourteenth, Section of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year ®'!ddsl" . of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An biiipp^g!* Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for permuting certain Goods, therein to be enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in Zfr/7y7/-buiit Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal\ in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account of Aliens:

And that Mr. Scrape, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Sandwich Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- Harbour, tions to proper and skilful Persons, such as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town and Port of Sandwich, and to view the prefenr Haven there; and to examine whether a better and more commodious Harbour may not be made from the said Town of Sandwich into the Downs, near Sandown Castle, fit for the Reception and Security of large Merchant Ships and Men of War; and to survey the said Ground and Shore, and also the River Slower, necessary f >r the cleansing and Icouring the said Harbour, when made; and to make an Estimate of the Charges and Expences thereof; and that his Majesty will begraciously pleased also to cause the said Survey and Estimate, together with all the Proceedings of the said Persons so to be appointed, to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are. of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and regulating the Trade Lcnnt to the Levant Seas, was read the Third time. T ath

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeIWo,h«Y} *1-

So

17 Geo. II. 240 — ^<25° .669

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Adb for enlarging and regulating the Trade to the Levant Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

African Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England

Fort*, See. jay before this House, an Estimate of the annual Charges which may be necessary for effectually maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Protection of the Trade of all his Majesty’s Subjects there.

Ditty Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England

do lay before this House, an Estimate of what Sum will be necessary to enable the said Company forthwith to repair and put their Forts and Settlements in Africa into a defensible Condition.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane* according to Order, reported from Duucson the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of all refined Borax and Camphire, as are allowed on unrefined Borax and Camphire exported; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the , House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Mercurii, 250 die Aprilis;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Buckingham

Road.

AN ingossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

African The House being informed, that Mr. Sparke, Ac-Forta, &. c. countant General to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the annual Charges which may bene-ceflary for effectually maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England on the Coast of Africa, for the Prote&ioi'j of the Trade of all his Majesty’s Subjects there: And also,

An Estimate of what Sum will be necessary to enable the Royal African Company of England forthwith to repair and put their Forts and Settlements in Africa into a defensible Condition.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 24.

The said Estimates are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his. Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingossed Bill for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign and other Linens, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign or other Linens.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. French reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale ot Part of the Eftare of Thomas Lord Baron oiCaher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction. of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 1. L. 4. Leave out <{ the said

Pr. 5. L. 10. After " otherwise," insert " with the said " Sum of £. 6,000, assigned by the said Christian, as " aforesaid, and all Interest Money now due, or to become due thereon:"

Pr. 7. L. 19. After " Discharge," insert " so much " of:"

L. 22. After " Pence," insert "as shall remain " unpaid or unsatisfied by the said Sum of £.6,000, so " assigned by the said Christian, as aforesaid, with all " Interest now due? or to become due, on the said Sum "of £.6,000."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-simple Estate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Father and himself; and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Agreements made for inclosing and dividing Part of North Stoneham Common, in the County of Southampton.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England \ for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-clifposed Persons going armed in Dilguife, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy % H taring ing

Answer to Adarcfs.

Stamping of Linens.

Lord Caher’i Estate.

Fciwjki*

Estate.

North

Stoneham

Inclosiiie.

Expiring

Laws.

6jo

2 5° Ap

A. 1744.

bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank} and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously letting on Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Deiph, of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for imbez-zling haval Stores, or Stores of War; and to preVerit the Retailing of Wine within either of the U niverfities in that Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence: And the same was received; and read the First tirhe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cii!lum*« The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to £starc. whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging Incumbrances affecting the same; and for securing and providing an Equivalent for the same out of other Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were fead; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 27. Leave out "Four," atidinfert "Three;*’ and after " Hundred," insert " Ninety five

Pr. 24. L- 36. After " whatsoever," insert cc and."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

E^e*3 The Lord Dupplin reported frohi the Committee, to H whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments deviled by the Will of Richard Cliffe, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon by the said Will, and for laying out the Surplus of the Moriey arising by such Sale, it any, in purchasing other Lands, to be lettled to the Uses of the same Will; was committed, That the Committee had examined the T Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to impoWer the Lord Mayor arid Court of Aldermen of the City of London to set the Price upon all Coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the Port of London, for One Year, was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas < JoJm RuJ!wul’

\ D r Cotes:

Tellers for the Noes.J Da Lanmhrt>

I Mr. 'Thomas Gore.

So it pasted in the Negative.

Poor’s Rates - Ordered, That WST" prevent Disputes Lands, Jcc. %

Leave be given to bring in a Bill to touching the Parishes or Places, where

improved Wastes, and drairted or improved Man'll Lands, shall be rated to the Poor: And that Mr. George Grenville and Sir John Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and the Trade of these Kingdoms, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the late War with France, upwards of Eleven hundred Sail of Ships and Vessels were taken by that Nation, from the Commencement of the War in 1702, to the Year 1707; when the Merchants of the said City, applying to Parliament for Protection, were relieved by an Act of Parliament* intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of these Kingdoms, by Cruizers arid Convoys; and rhat, in consequence of the said Act, the Cruizers and Convoys, appointed for the Defence and Safety of Trade, were immediately put under such proper Regulations, as, in a most effectual manner, answered the Ends proposed, to the great Emolument and Security of the trading Subject, and the Increase of the public Revenue; and representing to the House, That the melancholy Consideration of such heavy Losses, sustained within the first Five Years of the late War with France, and what they have suffered from the present War with Spain, have filled the Petitioners with the utmost Apprehensions from the formidable Inion of those Two Powers against thele Kingdoms; and that the Petitioners do not intend hereby to complain of any Loss through Neglects or Misconduct; but, in this their early Application for the Aid of this House, are finely prompted by a just and natural Desire to hav their Safety and Pro-tedlion established, by the Revival of a Law heretofore experienced to have been effectual: And therefore, as the Trade of this Nation is the only Source of its Treasure, and Support of its naval Strength, and as, consequfcntly, the Welfare and very Being of these Kingdoms, in the present Corijunfture, are closely connected with that Pro-tedlion and Security, which are the Objects of the Petitioners Application, praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into their Consideration, and cause the Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of these Kingdoms, by Cruizers and Convoys, to be revived, or make such other Provision, by a Law, for the Protection of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Securing of the Trade of these Kingdoms, by Cruizers and Convoys: And that Mr. Alderman Meathcote, Sir Daniel Lambert, the Lord Strange, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Dodington, Sir John Bamards Adriniral Vernon, Mr. Bance, Mr. Southivell, and Mr. Hoblyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Ord, Merrick Burrel, and John Raymond, of London, Merchants, was presented to the Hobfe, and read; setting forth, That the Ship St. John Baptist St. Paul and Souls, Joseph Lewis de Cabo Master, from Faro in the Kingdom of Portugal, came into this Kingdom in the Month of February last, consigned to the Petitioners, with One hundred and Fifty Pipes of Oil, and other Merchandize, the Growth of Portugal: That the said Ship, though originally British-built, yet being, at the Time of such Importation, belonging to, and being the Property of, Portuguese Owners, the said Ship was navigated by Mariners of that Country; by reason whereof, the said Oil and Merchandize were liable to the Forfeitures arid Penalties inflicted by the Act of the Twelfth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging and iricreasing of Shipping and Navigation; and the Petitioners, the Owners of the said Oil and Merchandize, were prevented from entering the same: That this House hat ordered a Bill to be brought in, u for permitting certain Goods, therein to be enumerated, to be imported, u during the War, in British-built Shipping, though not c< navigated according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of

u the

Securing Tnde by Cruizrrsjiic.

Import

of Goods i British-by;i Shipping.

Attendance of Members on Service of the House.

Supply,

Manning the fleet.

Import Goods in British-boilt Shipping.

2 5° — :i6x> Jprilis.

6ji

17 Geo. II.

w the Reign of King Charles the Second, for encourag-« ing and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; and c< for explaining a Doubt which hath arisen upon the said " Act, as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth u or Production of the Plantations of Spam and Portugal, " in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account of AliensAnd therefore, there being no Apprehension in the Owners of the said Ship, that they were incurring any Breach of the said Act of Navigation, and the said Goods being imported agreeable to the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns, and there being no fraudulent Intention either in the Owners or the Petitioners, praying, That a Clause may be inferred in the said Bill, to enable the.Petitioners to enter and pay the Duties for the said Goods and Merchandize, without incurring any of the Penaltiesor Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act of Parliament; and that neither the Goods and Merchandize lo to be entered, nor the said Ship St. John Baptist St. Paul and Souls, shall be liable to any Seizure or Forfeiture, on account of such Importation being contrary to the before-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for permitting certain Goods, therein to be enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in Britif/-built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth Or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account of Aliens; That they do insert a Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, for the Relief of the said Petitioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant Attendance of the Members, upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House; be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

An ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty’s Fleet, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till the First: Day of June next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovhj 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 170 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. Francis Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for permitting certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in British-built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord, and others; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Naviga-Vol. 24*

tion; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account of Aliens: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes, and supplying Defects, in an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending and repairing Roads from Luton,

in the County of Bedford, to fVefhvood Gate, in the said County; and for repairing the Roads from Luton to Sr. Albans, in the County of Hertford; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and making more effectual an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford\ to Westivood Gate, in the said County; and from Luton to St. Albansy in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ong/ey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitutled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold towards disc.harging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for fechring and providing an Equivalent for the same out of ot er Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or Places where improved Wastes, and drained or improved Marsh Lands, shall be rated to the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of all refined Borax and Camphire, as are allowed on unrefined Borax and Cam-phire exported; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of refined Borax and Camphire, which are allowed on the Exportation of unrefined Borax and Camphire 1 and for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of British and Irish Linens, for the lake of the Bounty allowed by an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for explaining and amending the said Act, as to the Persons who are to receive the said Bounty.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House, that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that, in case the House shall enter upon this Affair, his Majesty recommends it to their Consideration.

Luton Roads.

Cullum*

Estate.

Poor Rates of improved Waste Lands, tec.

Supply Bill; ' Duties on Glass Beads, &c.

Encouragement of Seamen.

Ordered,

Levant

Trade,

Fownei*

Estate.

Shoreditch

Read-

Expiring

Laws.

2 6° — 2 70 Aprilis. 1744.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy: And that Dr. Lee and the Lord Baltimore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Books of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, contained in a Box presented to the House upon the Fifth Day of March last, which were ordered to remain in the Custody of the Clerk, to be perused by the Members of the House, be re-delivered to the said Company.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of 'Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-simple Estate, for the Pay pie nt of the Debts of his Father and himself; and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Hugh SmithJ'cn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual several Acts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stoned End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Read in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chefinint, in the County of Hertford', and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Maket-place in Enfield; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And Objection being made to some Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Bill to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the'more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for imbezzling naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the Retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To* morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmerit, 270 die Apr ills;

Anno 17° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1744.

.Pit AYfiRS.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clitfc’i for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Richard Cliffe Esquire deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts and Legacies changed thereupon by the said Will; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, if any, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed LotuIo*

in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- Streets,

tituled. An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the City of London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlo be, An Act for making more effectual Povision for enlightening the Streets of the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell, Mr. RoJJe, Sir John De Moore* la Fountain Tyrwhitt, Mr. Oswald, Sir Richard Corbett,

Mr. Packer, Mr. Legh, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. War burton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Moore Esquire, to fell an Estate purchased under the Will of William Smythe Esquire, and to lay out the Money thereby arising, with other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hawker* vesting the settled Estate of Peter Hazvker Esquire, in the Estate. County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold; and for providing and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An,ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act HawKeri for vesting the settled Estate of Peter Hawker Esquire, in tlla:c* the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold; and for providing and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or Poor Rate Places where improved Wastes, and drained or improved 1®Prov< Marsh Lands, shall be rated to the Poor, was read a Se- c cond time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

Import of Goods in British-built Shipping.

Securing Trade by Cruizers, Sc c.

Wayi and Means.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Lord Cahcr’a JittactK

Moore’s

Ellate.

17 Geo. IL ' 2 7° — 30° 67j.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee* of the whole House, upon the Laid Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending the Provisions of the Bill to all parochial Rates.

A Bill for permitting certain Goods therein enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in British-built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord and others; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth-Year of King Charles the Second, intiruled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account ot Aliens; was lead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itfe lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

Mr. Alderman Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Securing of the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruizers and Convoys: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744:

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for sale of Parc of the Estate of 'Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments migty be proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

And then the House adjourned dll Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 30° die Aprilis;

Anno 17° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744. Praters.

MR. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Moore Esquire, to fell an Estate purchased under the Will of William Smythe Esquire, and to lay out the Moneyv thereby arising, with VoL. 24.

other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Eftare, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to import of refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Goods in the Bill for permitting certain Goods, therein enume- Bruifh.builtr rated, to be imported, during the War, in British-buWt ipping' Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord and others; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production of the plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated, oh the Account of Aliens; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane cook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Doctor Lee presented to the House, according to Order, Encourage-a Bill for the better encouragement of Seamen in his Ma- ment of jesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy: And the same was received; and read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Hugh Smith/on reported from the Committee, to Shoreditch* whom the Bill for making more effectual several Acts, Road' passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stone’s End, in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the northern Road, in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Wacch-house, in Edmonton, to the Market-place, in Endfield; was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Register of the Orders of the Go- Levant vernor and Company of Merchants of England trading Trade, into the Levant Seas, which was presented to the House upon the Fifth Day of March last, and ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, be re-delivered to the said Company.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Attendance Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the of Member* most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant House of Attendance of the Members, upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thurs-day Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Expiring Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue Law*, the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the northern Borders of England; for the 3 I more

1

Supply.

Privilege.

Lord Caber’* Estate.

6 74 3 o0 Aprilis — i

more effectual punishingwicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Glaufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or raking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chafes, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests,. Chafes,* or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for imbezling Naval Stores or Stores of War; and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ without Licence.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Henry Archer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Satisfaction had been given to Walter Hmgerford Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 4th Day of this Instant April \

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That Mr. Fazakerley, General Oglethorpe,

Lord Limerick, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Furnefe, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Lord Strange, Mr. Affleck, Lord Hup-plin, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Richard Lifter, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Robert Williams , Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn9 Mr. Proby, Mr. South-well9 Lord Perceval be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caher9 in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and other Purposes therein mentioned; is re-committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MdiL A\ 1744

Martis, i° die Mai:;

Anno 17° Georgii IIJl Regis, 1744.

AVERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, imitpletl. An Act MoorVs to enable William Moore Esquire, ro fell an Estate LiUte. purchased under the Will of William Srnytbe Esquire, and to lay out the Money thereby arising, with other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of another Estate, ro be settled to the Uses of the said Will, vvas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winfo id do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into. Shoreditch Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Rviad. the Bill for making more effect.ual several Acts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stone's End, it*, the Parish of St. Lxonardy Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the northern Uo2d,« in the Parish of Endfieldy in the same County, next to the Parish of Chejhunty in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watdh house' in Edmonton, to the Market-place in Endfteld; was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quefcion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Francis Fatie, according to Order, reported from Impart of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be sapping.1 imported, during the War, in British-bu\\z Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord and others; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twe4fth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled an Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal in English Ships, duly . navigated, on the Account of Aliens; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thertupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Archery according to Order, reported from Expiring the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Laws* continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two ClaXifes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effeCl-uai Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mitre, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal, to and

Committee of Privilege*.

Encouragement of Sea-wen.

Hawker’s

Fflate.

Fownes’i

Eilatg.

17 Geo. II. l6 Maii.6f$

ind of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red Bacon, Mr. Barnett, Lord Harrington, Mt. Earle, Dr. or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chafes, or beating or Butler, Mr. Fellowes\ Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Laroche, wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests,- Mr. Pratt, Lord-. Strange, Mr. Hoblyrl, Mr. Gcdolphin,

Chafes, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Mr. Levinz, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr.

Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the Coun-of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said ties of Dorset and Devon: And they are to meet this AP-Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain

Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for The House was moved, that an Act, riiade in the Six- Regulating imbezling Naval Stores or Stores of War; and to pre- teenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles prices of vent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universithe Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Mea- 0 ties, in that Part of Great Britain called England, without fares and Prices of Coals, might be read.

Licence; was committed, the Amendments, which the And the same being read accordingly;

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to reded him to report to the House; and he read the Re- explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made in the Six-

port in his P'ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with teenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Mea-Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Se- fares and Prices of Coals: And that Sir Richard War-cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally tvicke Bampfylde, Mr. Sydenham, and Sir Thomas Drury,

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be idgrossed. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Abney

and Mr. Baron Clarke:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Mr. Speaker,

Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed upon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Correspon-any Petitions now before them, complaining of undue make it High Treason to hold Correspondence with the dencewith

Elections and Returns. Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown, with some Preten-

Amendments; To which Amendments the Lords desire A Bill for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his the Concurrence of this House.

Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy, And then the Messengers withdrew, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the said Bill be taken into Consideration upon Thursday t>f che whole House. Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from Supply, the said Bill. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to for veiling the settled Estate of Peter Hawker Esquire, in report to the House; which he read in his Place; and the County of Dorset, in Trustees to be sold, and for afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the providing and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to be same was read; and is as followeth; viz. settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time. Resolveed\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham, That the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds be granted to Mr. IF alter. Sir Coventry Carew, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. hil- his Majesty, to be applied for the Maintenance of the ton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Jolliffie, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr. Moun- British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal tague, Mr. Newnbam, Mr. Mostyn, Lord Palmerjton, African Company of England on the Coast of AJrica, for Sir John Cust, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr. John the Year 1744.

Pitt, Mr. P ley dell, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Pytts, The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was*

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wdr bur ten, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cary, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Mr. IVinford, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Clive, Mr. House.

Chute, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Kent, Sir John

Gordon, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. French, Mr. Dcddington, Mr. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his African

Wynne, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Savill, Mr. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- Forts, &c. Legh, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Ccrnewall, General tions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

Howard, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde; And all the that they do inquire into the general State of the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Trade to Africa, and the Condition of the Forts and Sct-Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at dements there belonging to the Royal African Company Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. of England, and what is the necessary Charge of maintaining the fame; and make a Report thereof, together with An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act their Opinion thereupon; and that his Majesty will be /or veiling the settled Ellare of Thomas Fownes Esquire, graciously pleased to order the same to be laid before this in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-simple House, the next Session of Parliament.

Estate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Father and Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

himself; and for laying out the Surplus-money in the Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, his Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Walter9 The other Order of the Day being read 5

Mr. Sydenham, Sir Coventry Carew, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Poor Rates

Hooper, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr, Kent, Mr. resolve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of improved

Chute, Mr. Gybbcn, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Clive, Mr. the Bill to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or ^aftcLand*,

Cary, Mr. Winford, Mt. Mellish, Mr. Montague, Mr. Places where improved Wastes, and drained or improved

Alordaunt, Mr. Mostyn, Sir John Cust, Mr. Newnbam, Marfti Lands, shall be rated to the Poor.

Lord PalmerJl on, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr. Pley dell, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Pullen, Mr.

Prcufe, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. War bur ton.

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Scot, Mr.

Vo!.# 24.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

676

2° Mail

A. 1744.

Mercurii, 2° die Maii;

Anno 17° Georgii irl Regis,

‘744-

Prayers.

Lord Caber's Estate.

MR. French reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An AdV for Sale of Part of the Estate of "Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of ,towards discharging

the Debtsand Incumbrances affcdting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were read; aijd are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 4. Leave out "the said:"

Pr. 3. L. 29. Leave out " and herein after: "

Pr. 5. L. 7. Leave out " Six," and insert " Two: "

L. 10. After "otherwise," insert "with the " said Sum of 6,000l. assigned by the said Christian, as

Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as to the Importation, on the Account of Aliens, of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Alim:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by CulWs this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for veftipg Part Eilaw. of the settled Estate of John Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for securing and providing an Equivalent for the fame, out of other Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Marriage Settlement: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by ThombjVi this House to the Bill, intituled,'An Act for impowering Ellalc- 3 John Thornbagb Esquire, to make a Jointure, and Provision for his younger Children, out of an Estate comprised

aforesaid; and all Interest-money now due, or to be- jn a voluntary Settlement made by Saint Andrew Thorn

come due, thereon:

L. 16. Leave out from the Word " Articles, to the Word " and, " in Line 26:

L. 40. Leave out " also: "

L. 41. Leave out from the Word " that," to the Word " such," in Line 42:

L. 42. After the Word " Sale," insert the Word "be:"

Pr. 7. L. 6. After "declared," insert " so far as " it relates to the Payment of the said Debts

L. 19. After " discharge," insert " so much

" of:"

L. 22. After " Pence," insert " as shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied by the said Sum of 6,000l.

" so assigned by the said Christian, as aforesaid, with all " Interest now due, or to become due, on the said (Sum " of 6,000/;" and leave out all that follows to the Word " provided," in Pr. 10. L. 3:

Pr. 10. L. 39. Leave out from the Word " reposed," to the Word " saving," in Pr. 13. L. 22. and insert Clause A:

Pr. 13. L. 29, 30. Leave out "Thomas Butler, " Jordan Butler, Peirce Butler, John Butler."

Clause A.

And be it further enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Premises, which shall remain unfold for the Payment of the said several Debts, shall be held and enjoyed, remain and continue, to, for, and under, the several Uses, Trusts, and Limitations, which the same were fub-jedted to, or would have been subjected to, if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

hagh Esquire, his late Father, deceased: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wdmio’a to explain and make more effectual several Acts of Parlia- Biidgt. ment, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, and for the better enabling the Commissioners for building the said Bridge to finish the fame, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; as also for granting further Time for exchanging the Tickets unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge, and to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Buckinghi for repairing the Road from the Town of , in Ro»d.

the County of Bucks, to / Farmingin, the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act N«iHe’» for naturalizing Stephen Naville, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Nat.

Import of Goods in British-bailt Shipping.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do make the Report M-rchni from the Committee, to whom the Report of the Matter of Fact contained in the Petition of several Merchants ol London, who trade to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, was re-committed.

Sir William Calvert accordingly reported, from the said Committee, That the Committeehad examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, a State of which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That in the Year 1718, before War was declared between the Crowns of Spain and England, they find that the Petitioners had the following Ships and Effects taken, at Sea and in Port, by the Spania; viz.

The Prophet Samuel, of London, Burthen 140 Tons, -or thereabouts, John Thomas Commander, with a Cargo,

An ingrafted Bill for permitting certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in British- . _

built Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief containing 2,260 Quintals of Fish, from Newfoundland, of William Ord and others; and for obviating a Doubt taken about the 23d of November 1718, in her Voyage which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of from thence to Leghorn, by a Privateer, and carried

King Charles the Second, entituled, An Act for the en- into Genoa, at which Place both Ship and Cargo were couraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; as fold: The Owners of the said Ship and Cargo were John to the Importation of Goods of the Growth or Production Sad/eir, John Thomas and Son, and Samuel Baker.

of the Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated, on the Account of; was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for permitting certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in built Ship-

ping. the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of William Ord and others: and for obviating a Doubt which hath arilen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of the

The Susannah and Mary, of London, Robert Gawden late Master, was seizefl in the Port of Cadiz on the ill of August 1718; and the Owners were Mary Boucher and Alard Belin.

The Ship Chitty, about 170 Tons Burthen, James Bowman Master, and Eight Hogsheads of Sugar, was feizwi by the Spaniards in the Port of , about the

lift of September 1718, and condemned there; Joseph Chitty the folc Owner thereof.

The

17 Geo. II.

The Ship Honest Bess, James Arnold Matter, and her Cargo, containing 1,420 Quintals of Fish, from England to Alicant, was seized in the Road of in

the Month of November 1718: Samuel Storke and John Storke were Owners of the Cargo.

The Ship Cato, Gerrard King Matter, loaded with Fish, and other Goods, in the West of and

bound for Leghorn, was taken by a Spanish Privateer in the British Seas, on the 2d of March 174^, O. S. the Day after the Cefiation of Arms took Place in the said Seas, and carried into Villa Juan, in Galicia: The Owners were John Sadleir, Jof-ph Chi tty, ‘Timothy Thomas

Ward, and Jeremiah Hale.

The Ship Anne, Richard Matter, with her Cargo, was taken by Spanish Privateer Row-boats near Gibraltar, on the 3d of May 1719, and carried to Malaga; and Joseph and Jofia Chitly were Owners of 220 Barrels of Railins, Part of her Cargo.

Your Committee find, by authentic Proofs and Vouchers laid before them, that the Loss sustained by the Owners of the said Ships, and some of their Cargoes, to be as under-mentioned:

The Ship Prophet Samuel, and her Cargo - -

The Ship Susannah and Mary - -

The Ship Chilly, and Eight Hogs-heads of Sugar -

The Cargo of the Ship Honest Bess -The Ship Cato and her Cargo - -

Part of the Cargo of the Ship Anne -

L d.

3>4-87 1 9

1,200-----

1,486 12 6

1*582 — 3

3,000-----

5i7-----

Total - - - 11,272 14 6

That on the 13th of June 1721, N. S. a Treaty of Peace was concluded at Madrid, between Great Britain and Spain; wherein it was expressly agreed, That all Goods, Merchandizes, Monies, Ships, and other Effects, which were seized or taken before War was declared between the Two Crowns, or since, should be immediately restored in the Species as they were seized or taken, or elle there should be paid the just and true Value they were worth at the Time they were seized or taken.

'Your Committee find, that, pursuanc to the said Treaty, the King of Spain wrote a Letter, by the Marquis de Cajlilar, to the Intendants of the Provinces of

and the Illes of the Canaries and Mallorca, dated the 16th of August 1721, wherein he referred to the said Treaty, and ordered them to restore, or pay the Value of, the Seizures or Captures which were made by virtue of an Order in the Month of September 1718, before the Time that the War was declared between the Two Crowns, or since; and ordered the same should be every where put in execution, and performed with all the Punctuality therein exprefifed, without any Exception:

That, on the 13th of March 1728, a Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Losses by their Ships and Effects being seized in the Ports or Harbours belonging to the King of Spain, and taken at Sea by the Men of War and Privateers belonging to the Crown, which was referred to a Committee of the whole House; and the Petitioners were heard before that Committee; and proved many Particulars in so plain and full a manner, that the House, on the 3d of April, agreed with the Committee in their Resolution;

" That several Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, belonging to the Merchants of this Kingdom trading ro " Spain, Portugal, and Italy, have been taken and seized " by the Spaniards in manifest Violation of the Treaties " subsisting between the Two Crowns, for which no Restitution has yet been made; and that the Matters " and Crews of several of the said Ships have been barbarously and inhumanly treated."

And the same Day the House resolved, " That an " humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he " will be graciously pleased to use his belt Endeavours to VOL. 24.

<C

" obtain all just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Lottes Merchants " and Damages which the Merchants of this Kingdom ^la!n" ®n " trading to Spain, Portugal, and , have sustained Spa*n‘

" by the Spaniards taking and seizing several of their Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, in manifest Viola- tion of the Treaties subsisting between the Two'

" Crowns." And the House ordered, That the foregoing Resolution should be humbly laid before his Majesty, with the said Address.

That, on the 9th of April, Mr. Treasurer reported his Majesty’s Answer in the following Words:

" That his Majesty is always extremely concerned " when he hears of the Losses and Sufferings of his Subjects, and will continue to use his best Endeavours, as he hath hitherto done, upon all Occasions, to obtain " for them just and reasonable Satisfaction."

That by the Treaty of Seville, concluded between Spain and Great Britain the 9th of November 1729, N. S. all former Conventions and Treaties, in favour of Trade and Navigation, were renewed and confirmed; and that a just and ample Restitution and Reparation, for all unlawful Seizures and Depredations, were expressly ftipu-lated and agreed to.

And your Committee find, that, some time after, Commissaries were appointed to go to Spain to examine and adjust all such Matters as, by the Treaty of Seville, were referred to the Examination and Difcuftion of Commissioners, to be appointed by the Kings of Great Britain and Spain; and public Notice was given by an Advertisement, dated Whiteball, April 23, 1730, in the don Gazette of Tuesday, April 28, 1730, That all Merchants and others, who had any Claims to be laid before the said Commissaries, might forthwith bring them to the J Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with such Proofs and Vouchers of their several Losses, authenticated in such manner as the Claimants should judge most convenient.

And, according to those Directions, your Committed observe, that the several Proofs and Vouchers laid before them, were by the Petitioners delivered to the said Lords Commissioners:

That by the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14, 1739, N. S. Plenipotentiaries were appointed by both Crowns, in order to settle and adjust all Differences which had been raised on account of visiting, searching, and taking, of Vessels, idc.; and it was agreed. That the King of should cause to be paid to his Britannic Majesty the Sum of £. 95,000. for a Balance, which has been admitted as due to the Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the Crown and Subi jests of Spain', to the End that the above-mentioned Sum, together with the Amount of what has been acknowledged on the Part of Great Britain to be due to Spam on her Demands, may be employed by the King of Great Britain for the Satisfaction, Discharge, and Payment, of the Demands of the English Subjects upon the Crown of Spain:

That, on the 14th of May 1739, your Committee find, that the Sum of £.60,000. being the Sum acknow* ledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, and agreed by the King of Spain, in the said Convention, to be applied, together with the further Sum of £. 95,000. to be advanced by the Crown of Spain, towards, making Satisfaction to his Majesty’s injured Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the;

was granted to his Majesty to be issued and applied to the Uses and Purposes stipulated in the said Convention:

That by an Advertisement in the London Gazttte, of the 3d of April 1744, your Committee find, that a Commission has lately issued, and Commissioners appointed, for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Re-prizals taken from the Spaniards at the breaking out of the present War with Spain, amongst the suffering Merchants; but the same does not extend so far back, as to take in any of the Losses before stated;

Your Committee find, that the several Merchants be« fore-mentioned have been recommended by this House to

8 K his

Merchint*

Uitpfton

bpain.

s78

Mail

A- 1744.

his Majesty; and that the said Sum of 66,coo. granted by Parliament as aforesaid, remains undisposed of.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perofrd by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the underwritten Merchants trading to Sicily, in behalf of them-frlves. and orhers , and also the Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thrmselves, and others; were referred.

Sir William Calvert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petitions; a State of which he was dtreded to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the first-mentioned Petition:

That upon the Defeat of the Sfamjh FLeet off Sicily, in the Year 1718, the Er.glish Merchants residing at fina had their Goods and Effects seized by the Spaniards.

And Richard Jack/on Esquire, one of the Petitioners, being examined, said. That he and Thomas Ball Esquire, Cnee deceased, were, in the Year 1718, concerned in Partnership in a Hundred thirty-six Butts of Calabria Oil upon their own Accounts, lying then in the Warehouse of Hampfon, Cook, and Company their Correspondents at

MeJJina, which were seized in the Year 1718, when the War was begun between the Angovinian Arms and those of the King of Sardinia.

Then he produced to the Committee, an Account, attested, on Oath, by Antonius Crifafi, Cashier to Hampfon and Company j whereby it appeared, that the I.ofs sustained by the Seizure of the said Oil, amounted to £. 2,180. Sterling:

That, upon being asked what Application he had made to obtain Satisfaction for the said Loss? he laid, That before Mr. Goddard, who was one of the Commissaries, went abroad, he shewed him the original Account now produced, and gave him a Copy thereof; and, when Mr. Goddard returned, asked him what had been done in relation to the said Seizure: Mr. Goddard replied. That nothing had been done thereupon; for as the Goods were seized on Shore, and not on the Seas, the Commissaries did not enter into a Dil'cofiton of the lame:

And also said, That these are all the Proofs he has: That he applied to Parliament in 172" by Petition, but hath made no Applicationtothe Commissioners for Trade.

Mr. Thomas Heames, Merchant, another of the Petitioners, produced an Account of the Seizures made by the Spaniards in the Island of Sicily, in the Year 17.8, appertaining to Thomas Heames and Company, being Part of the Account of the Seizures made of the Goods, Merchandizes, and Debts, of the Partnership of Mefif. layne and Lee, of Messina, Merchants, deceased, amounting

to £. 196. 7 s.Sterling, which he attested, on Oath, the

17th of April 1744, before Sir Robert Mayor:

That, upon his being asked what Application had been made by him, towards obtaining Satisfaction for the said Loss, he said, That, in the Year 172’-, he petitioned the House of Commons, which Petition was referred to a Committee of the whole House, and he was heard before that Committee; and, at the same time, delivered in an original Account of Losses sustained by him, and several others, which he never could obtain back again; that before he could obtain an attested Copy thereof from MeJJina, which was on the 27th of 1736, it was

too late to apply to the Commissaries.

Mr. Samuel Tatem, one other of the Petitioners, produced an original Account between him and Mess'\ Chamberlayn and Lee, at MeJJina, of the Loss sustained by him in 1718} whereby it appeared, that his I^ofs amounted to 116 Oz. ai Ter*. 8 G\ at 12a per Ounce, is £.70. 1 s. Sterling.

And he said, That he applied to Parliament, with Mr. Heames, by Petition, in iy2f; but has not made any other Application since that time.

That, according to the Vouchers produced by the Petitioners to your Committee, they find their Losses to be as follow

VIZ.

Richard Jack/on Esquire - Mr. Thomas Heames Mr. Samuel Tatem -

Total

I-

2,180

196

70

s. d. 7 —

- 2,446 8

Upon the Second-mentioned Petition:

That in the Years 1718, 1719, and 1720, the Petition rs suffered very great Losses in Trade by the following Ships and Effects being taken at Sea, and seized in Port, by the Spaniards-, viz.

The Ship

ghteen

June Galley, Thomas Gibbs Commander, laden with Wine, Brandies, and other Goods, taken in her Voyage from the Canary I (lands to C;irajfawt by a Spanish Man of War, in the Year 17x8, and carried into the Caracas, and fold there: The Owner thereof was John CroJ/e Esquire, his Majesty’s late Consul at the Canaries.

44,272 lb. of fine Havannab Snuff, imported in the Ship whereof Don Cajetano de was Commander,

seized by the Intendant ZevalLs in 1718: The Owner thereof was John Crosse Esquire.

The Ship Canary Galley, John Guy Commander, laden with Wine and LimeStones, seized at Lanznrctc in the Year 1718: The Owner of the Cargo Esquire.

The Blessing Brigantine, laden with Wine, taken in

January \~jzo, in the Port of Orotava. in the Island of Tenerijf, by a Spanish Privateer Sloop, and carried to the Island of Trinidad, where the Governor seized the fame, which was afterwards sold by public Auction: The Owner thereof was John Cro/Je Esquire.

Tiic Ship Neptune, of BidefLifcomb Davie Commander, Burthen about t6o Tons, and her Cargo, containing 1,500 Quintals of Newfoundland dry Kifh, seized going into Corunna the 25th September 1718, and there dispoied of for the Use of the King of Spain, and his Officers: The Owners thereof were Richard and Company.

The Ship ILpe, of Bidefoi'd, Thomas Lake Commander, Burthen about 180 Tons, laden with dry Codfilh, seized in the Bay of Cadiz the 13th ot 1718: The

Owners thereof George Buck and Company.

The Ship Lijle, of Leith, John Slupart Commander, Burthen about 100 Tons, laden with Deals, seized on the 14th of September 1718, on his Arrival in the Bay of Cadiz: The Owners whereof were Claud and

Company.

The Ship Johnson, John Lurting Commander, stoptat Cadiz, and obliged to enter into the Service of the Kinjj of Spain in the Expedition to Ceuta, was in the Service two Months and 28 Days, ac 951 Dollars per Month, as by Charter-Party; and there remains due 1,870Dollars: The Owners were Richard Gildart Esquire and Company.

Y our Committee find, by authentic Proofs and Vouchers laid before them, that the Loss sustained by the Owners of the Ships, their Cargoes, and other Effects, to be as under-mentioned:

By the SJueen Anne Galley and Cargo 3*647 By 44,27 2 lb. Havannab Snuff - 3*38°

By the Cargo of the Canary Galley 504

By the Blessing Brig, and Cargo - 1*178

By the Neptune of Bideford, and Cargo 2,762

By the Hope of Bideford, and Cargo 2,320

By the Lijle of Leith, and Cargo - 2,148

By the Johnflon, for Freight remains

duo.....327 5 —

s. a. 16 -8 8 8 —

»3

10 —

— 11

Total - 16,269 1

I!

That by an Advertisetnent, dated Whitehall, April 23* ,73°* in the London Gazette, of , April 28, 1730,

your

i.7 Geo. II. a0 — 3a Maiu 679

1

V

your Committee find public Notice was given, that all Merchants and others, who had any Claims to be laid before the Commissaries, might forthwith bring them to the Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with such Proofs and Vouchers of their several Losses, authenticated in such Manner as the Claimants should judge most convenient; and, according to such Notice, your Committee observe, that the before-mentioned Proofs and Vouchers had been, by the several Owners of the said Ships and their Cargoes, delivered to the said Lords Commissioners:

That by an Advertisement in the London Gazette, of the 3d of April 1744, your Committee find, that a Commission has iatcly issued, and Commissioners appointed, for the Diffribution of such Sums as have arisen by Rc-prilals taken from the Spaniards at the Breaking out of the present War with Spain, amongst the suffering Merchants; but the same does not extend so far back as to take in any of the Losses before stated.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Regulating Sir Richard Warwicke prefemed to the

the Price* of House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, e°als* and enlarge, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Seeming A Bill for the better Securing of the Trade of this Cruhwrs^lkc ^'n8^om> by Cruizers and Convoys, was read a Second

ruizers, C' time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself iitto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Mean*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Sinking resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

an , &c. t|jC £ju for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year s 744»

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credic.

Ordered, That ic be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or Contracts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to enable the Reversioners of Annuities, under an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising Monies by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying

Vol. 24.

on the present War, to receive such Annuities, if the same shall not be received by the Annuitants for Life, within a time to be limited, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee,. That they had gqne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Encourxge-a Committee of the whole Housei upon the Bill for the me»t of Sea-better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service* men’ and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Francis Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House poor Raet, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of improved upon the Bill to prevent Disputes touching Parishes or Places where improved Wastes, and drained or improved Marfti Lands, shall be rated -to the Poor;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Dr. Lee, Mr-Fane,

Dr. Butler, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir JoJ. Pennington, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Bowles, Mr. Kent, Mr. Compton, Mr. Michell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

Essex, Lincoln, Suffolk, Norjolk, and Huntingdon; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meec this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 30 die Mait\

Anno i7° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, An Act, made Regulating in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign the Price* of of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regu- ^-oals* lating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thacthis House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to Poor Rate* whom the Bill to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes °(- improved or Places where improved Wastes, and drained or im- ^afteLand*, proved Mar(h Lands, shall be rated to the Poor, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the 11 Amendments

68o

Mail

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agretd to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

SeafordWrit. Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament, for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir William Gage Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, defeated.

Encourage. Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from went of Sea- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ®*"* the betcerEncouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once iead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ditto. A-Petition of the subscribing Merchants and Traders of the City of London, was prd’ented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Privateers of great Force are now fitting out; and that the Merchants who trade inro foreign Parts, and in Goods of great Value, for the Security of their Ships and Cargoes, are obliged to take a greater Number of Men on board than is usual in Times of Peace; and represenring to the House, that, among such Numbers of Men, there is great Danger of Mutiny and Desertion, and many other Irregularities: And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, now depending in the House, for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; whereby the Commanders of such private Men of W ar, or Merchant Ships having Letters of Marque, may be impowered to use such Discipline, for the Preservatkm of their Ships, and the better to annoy the Enemy, as may keep their respective Crews within the Bounds of their Duty and Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Commanders of the said private Ships of War, or Merchantmen, who shall take out Letters of Marque; which Request being for the general Good of the Trade of this Kingdom, the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

A Clause was offered to be added to the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition:

And the same was twice read with a Blank, which was filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question pot thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Francis Fane, according to Order, reported from ' j"ic die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Fun , c. granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 174+, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And Part of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, which was the Clause of Appropriation; being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring in the Proviso at the End of the said Clause, after the Words, " Treaties made or to be made," these Words, " such Treaties being made in Concert with the States General of the United Provinces:'*

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committed to the said Bill, being severally read & Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Attendant Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of of Membtn the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and a/ffojfc* constant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the'House;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Corrrff«. Amendments, made by the Lord* to the Bill, intituled, denceuith An Act to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence tb*Prw»kr. with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol* loweth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 8. " After" High Treason," insert Clauses A. and B.

Clause A.

And be it further enacted, by the Authority a fore said,*

That if the eldest or any other Son or Sons of the said Pretender shall, after the said First Day of land, or attempt to land, or shall be found, in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions or Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, or shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, being so on board with Intent to land in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Dominions or Territories aforesaid, he and they, respectively, shall, by virtue of this Act, (land and be adjudged attainted of High Treason, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall suffer and forfeit as Persons attainted of High Treafop by the Laws of the Land ought to suffer and forfeit.

Clause B.

And whereas in and by the said recited Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it is provided and enacted, That, after the Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and since pretends to be King of Great Britain; and, at the End of the Term of Three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown, upon the Demise of her said late Majesty, should take Effect, no Attainder for Treason should extend to the Difinhe-riting of any Heir, nor to the Prejudice of the Righc or Title of any Person or Persons, other than the Right or Title of the Offender or Offenders, during his, her, or their, natural Lives only; and that k should and might be lawful to every Person or Persons, to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, after the Death of any such Offender or Offenders, should or might have appertained, if no such Offender had been to enter into the fame; be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Provision, so made by the said last recited Clause, shall not take place, nor have any Operation, Force, or Effect, whatsoever,

17 Geo. II. 3° — 4*

soever, until after the Deceases not only of the said Pretender, but also of his eldest and all and every other Son and Sons.

To the Title of the Bill add, "and for attainting " them of High Treason, in case they shall land, orattempt to land, in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions " thereunto belonging; and for suspending the Operation and Effect of a Clause in the Act of the Seventh " Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union " of the Two Kingdoms, relating to the Forfeitures for " High Treason, until after the Decease of the Sons of " the said Petender."

Clause A, the First of the said Amendments, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te,.m

Teller, for the Noes, {j'°6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock at Night, adjourned till Eleven of the Clock this Friday Morning.

V eneris, 40 die Mali;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, that they do inquire into the general State of the Trade to , and the Condition of the Forts and Settlements there belonging to the Royal African Company of E, and what is the necessary Charge of maintaining the fame; and make a Report thereof, together with their Opinion thereupon; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to order the same to be iaid before this House the next Session of Parliament; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Pifputes touching the Parishes or Places where improved Wastes, and drained or improved Mar(h Lands, shall be rated to the Poor, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ar.d that the Title be, An Act to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or Places where improved Wastes, and drained and improved Marsh Lands, shall be charged to parochial Rates.

Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a further Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1744; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One rail-VOL. 24.

Mail 681

lion out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Coinage Duty; for the Service of the Year 1744; and for the further ap* propriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omit* ted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and to enable the Reversioners of certain Annuities, therein mentioned, to receive such Annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain Time, by the Annuitants for Lite, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Barn.ird presented to the House, according to America#

Order, a Bill to prevent the (fluing of Paper Bills of P*Per Credit in the British Colonies and Plantations in , <'red,t*

to be legal Tenders in Payments for Money: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for SunpV Bill; repealing the Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for Dutei on granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing GUI. the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of refined Borax and Camphire, which are allowed on the Exportation of unrefined Borax and Camphire; and fir preventing the fraudulent Exportation of British and Iript Linens, for the fake of the Bounty allowed by an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for explaining and amending the said Act as to the Persons who are to receive the said Bounty without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stamping of for the more effectual Preventing of the Affixing of Linen*, counterfeit Stamps to foreign or other Linens, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act London for making more effectual Provision for enlightening the Street*. Streets of the City of London, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Luton

for amending and making more effectual an Act, made R°»d*

in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to IVefiwood Gate, in the said County; and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the several Laws therein Expiring mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Nor- Law*, them Borders of England; for the more effectual puniftl-ing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed jn Dif* guile, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal, or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated ac-

8 L cording

68a 4° — 7* Mali. A. 1744.

cording to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embezzling naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the Retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breakingdown the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine,

Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embezzling naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the Retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called , without Licence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LerdCiher’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for §aie of part of the Estate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumorances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

1 o leave out the Words " and other Purposes therein " mentioned

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. French do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Shoreditch - An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual several

Road. Arts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard's, , in

the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Che/hmt, in the County of Hertford-, and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual several Acts, passed for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Endfield.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

CHa! of to rc^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made

in the Sixteenth and Sevententh Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Wartvitk Bampfylde took the Chair of the

Comm if tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotife will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Secari"t Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Securing of the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruizers and Convoys.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- WjjimI ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *"" House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna.7, 7* die Mail;

Anno 17° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

SIR Richard Wanvicke Bamfylde, according to Order, Rcgnls

reported from the Committee of the whole House, the Pricesi J to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be io-gross’ed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of Sea- Etcwip-men in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the ** Enemy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy.

Ordered, That Dr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from Statist the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Billfor the Tndeto better Securing of the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruizers and Convoys, was committed, the Amendments, which the

Com-

iut

Si Sit

Ft

1

il

t

ie

i7 Geo. II. 7» — 8°-

Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Attendance Sir John Philippi, according to Order, reported from of Members the Committee, appointed to consider of the most proper the House °* Methods to enforce a more early and constant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martist 8° die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Pownrs* IV/T R. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom _LvA the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Ellate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-simple Ellate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Father and himself; and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Purchase of another Ellate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Hawker's Mr. Sydenham reported from the Committee, to whom Mate- the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Ellate of Peter Hawker Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold; and for providing and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to be settled to the same Uses; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, an

CoaE*0^ mac*e *n Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the ' Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

Ordered, That Sir Richard do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Securing An ingrossed Bill for the better Securing of the Trade

Trade by of this Kingdom, by Cruizers and Convoys, was read the

Cruiser;, Ac. Third tjme

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Securing of the Trade of this Kingdom, by Cruizers and Convoys.

Vol. *4.

-p° Maii. 683

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Maii;

Anno 17* Georgii II41 Regis, 1744;

Pn AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill froth the Lords, intituled, An Act Pownes* for veiling the settled Ellate of Thomas Fownes Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-simple Ellate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Father and himself; and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Purchase of another Ellate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hawker’s for veiling the settled Ellate of Peter Hawker Esquire, ®state, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold; and for providing and securing an Equivalent for the fame, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time-.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs add Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments* made Lord Caher> by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Ellate. Part of the Ellate of Thomas Lord Baron of Caher, in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of Sinking the Sinking Fund; and for applying a Sum remaining in Fuud‘ &c* the Exchequer, arisen by the Coinage Duty, for the Service of the Year 1744; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, and other Orders* loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be' paid for theindentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and to enable the Reversioners of certain Annuities, therein mentioned, to receive fuel) Annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain Timeby the Annuitants for Life, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Expiring to continue the several Laws thereih mentioned, for pre- I-8*-venting Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Difguile, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coalj and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Fo-rests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for . granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar

Colonies

9* — 10° Mali. A, 1744.

Colonies in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great , and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embezzling naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the Retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called ', without Licence;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Matt;

Anno 17* Georgii 11"1 Regis, 1744. Prayers.

The Orders made with relation to the Time the House resolved to proceed on public Business, are as follow:

14* Februarii^\S.t\ Order moved, and settled, to enter 1606. y into the great Business at Nine of the Clock.

x i* Aprilis,'YThe House ordered, that no Bill should

1614. 3 be read the Second time until Half an

Hour part Eight, and the Third time till past Nine.

23* Ma/7,^They made an Order to begin to read 1614. 5 Bills secondly at Eight of the Clock.

24* Apri/is, |By Order, Bills were to be put to Passage 1624. S by Eight of the Clock. a6* Julii,}The House ordered, that no public Bill 1611. 3 should pals but between Nine and Twelve of the Clock.

2ia Novembris, 7 The House resolved to proceed upon

1696. y public Buliuefs every Morning at Ten a Clock.

Attendance of Members on Service of the House.

THE House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant Attendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; and to report the same to the House

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, appointed to consider of the most proper Methods to enforce a more early and constant At-

The Orders in relation to the Hour limited for new Motions to be made in the House, are as follow:

Martii, An Order was made, that no new Mo* tion should be made after Twelve of

1

1641. the Clock.

14* Februarii, 7 The House resolved, that if any Mem-1643. 1 ber begun or made a new Motion

after T welve of Clock, he should pay 5 s.

220 Maii, YThey made an Order, that no new Motion 1645. 3 of any Business whatsoever should be made

tendance of the Members upon the Service of the House; after Twelve of Clock; and that Mr. Speaker should not

and to report the same to the House; have considered the same accordingly:

And, for that Purpose, thought proper toinfpeft the Journals of the House; wherein they find, that several Orders have been made, from time to time, in relation to the ascertaining the Hour of the Day when the House should meet; and in relation to obliging Members to attend more duly the Service of the House; and also in

hear any new Motion after Twelve of the Clock.

26* Oflobris, 1643. This Order was renewed.

230 Aprilis, )The House resolved, that no new Bufi-1660. 5 ness should be brought into, or enter-

tained in, the House after Twelve of the Clock.

29* Aprilis, The House made an Order, that the

1679. j Standing Order of the House, ‘‘That " no new Motion be made after Twelve of the Clock,"

relation to the Hour of the Day upon which the House, should be strictly and constantly kept and observed.

r___ . i* , r , vru-. u__________i _ _____

from time to time, resolved they would proceed upon public, and also upon private, Business; and in relation to the Hour limited for new Motions to be made in the House; and also after what Time Committees of the House are restrained from fitting.

The Orders which relate to the Time on which the House resolved to meet every Day are as follow:

14* Februarii,}An Order moved, and settled, that the

1606. y House should afte ruble every Day at Eight a Clock.

230 Maii,}hn Order was made, that the House should 1614. 5 fit at Seven of the Clock in the Morning. 24* Aprtfis,'}The House made an Order, that all the 1624. y Members of the House should attend the Service of the House at Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

23* Martii, TThe House resolved to fit every Morning 1642. 3 at Eight of Clock: And,

14* Februarii,7They resolve to meet every Day at

1643. $ Nine.

24’ Martii,')The House resolved, that no new Mo-

1689. y tion be made after One of the Clock. 19* Novembris,)Thc House ordered, that no new 1694.,) Motion be made after One a Clock.

25* Novembris

Thef ame Order was renewed.

1695, and l* Novembris,

\ y

1696.;

The Orders relating to the Time for proceeding on private Business, are as follow:

23* Augusti, }The House resolved, that no private 1660. y Business should be entertained in the House, on any Day, after Half an Hour after Nine of the Clock, till further Order.

26* Novembris,}An Order was made, that no private

1660.,) Business depending in the House

should be proceeded in after Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, during that Session.

7* Decembris,1 Another Order was made, that private

1660. y Bills and Businesses be proceeded in

290 Aprilis,~}Tht House then resolved to adjourn every daily till Nine of the Clock; and that the Debate of such

1679. y Day till Seven of the Clock the next Morning.

24* Martii,}They resolved to begin to fit every Morn-1689- J *nS at Nine of the Clock.

The Orders to oblige Members more duly to attend the Service of the House are as follow:

1* Maii,}An Order was made, that all Members that

1641. y should come to the House after Eight of the Clock, should pay ltd. except it should appear they "were employed in the Service of the House; and if any Member forbore to come the whole Day, he was to pay 5 s.unless he had Licence from the House, or was lick, or was in the Service of the House.

19* Aprilis,'!The House made an Order, that whoso-

164a. 3 ever was not at Prayers every Morning

at Eight of Clock, should pay ltd.

14* Februarii, |The House resolved, that such Mem-1643- 3 bers ascameafterNine, should pay

of them as should not be dispatched at the Hour of Nine, should be adjourned till next Day.

io* Junii, >The House ordered, that no private Bufi-1661. y ness be, from thenceforth, received or taken into Debate any Day after Nine of the Clock.

4* Februarii,\An Order was made, that no private Bill

1692. j be proceeded in after Ten a Clock.

16* Februarii,>The Time was enlarged till Eleven a

1692. j Clock.

24* Januarii,»The House made an Order, that no

1693. J private Business be proceeded in after Ten a Clock.

29* Januarii,) Another Order was made, that no pri-

1693. y vate Business be proceeded upon after

Eleven a Clock.

19* Novembris, 1 The House resolved, that no private 1694. J Business be proceeded upon after Ten a Clock.

*4*

17 Geo. II.

m'MaiL

m

14* Novembris, 7 They madem Order, that all Pro-; 1699. 5 ceedings upon privateBufiness should

cease, and beadjourned, every Day at Eleven a Clock.

9* fanuarii7 The House made an Order, that no

1701. y private Business be received after Ten a Clock.

The Orders declaring at what time Committees of the House shall be restrained from fitting, are as follow:

28® Juuii, 7 The House declares, that so soon as the 1641. j House fits, and that the Serjeant comes to any Committee then fitting, to signify unto-them that the House is fitting, that the Chairman shall immediately come away.

> 13® Mar lit, 7 The House resolves and declares it to be 1693. j the confiant Rule and Order of the House, that no Committee ought to fit after the Hour to which the House is adjourned, without the special Leave of the House.

18° Februarii, 7 The House makes an Order, that no 1697. j Committee, who shall have Leave to lit in a Morning, do fit after Ten a Clock.

28° Februarii, |The House makes an Order, that all 1699. 5 Committees, who shall fit in a Morn-

ing, do rife when the House fits; or, in Default thereof, that what they shall do after the fitting of the House, be void.

3® Februarii, 7 The House brders and declares all PrO-1701. j ceedings of private Committees, after the House is fat, to be void.

28® NovembrisffYhe House makes an Order, that no

2707. 5 Committee do meet, or fit, after

Prayers in a Morning; and that all that shall be done at any Meeting or Sitt ing of any Committee, after that time, be void; and that Mr. Speaker do, from time to time, acquaint the House with such Committees as shall net observe this Order.

io° Februarii, ?The House made an Order, that the 1730. \ Se rjeant at Arms attending this House

do go, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that ail Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

The Committee came to the Resolutions following: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the IL-use be called overwithm Fourteen Days after the Meeting of every Session of Parliament; and that every Member then absent be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, unless such Member be employed in the Service of the Crown abroad, or is incapable to attend by reason of want of Health, or some -other extraordinary Occasion.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Member do absent himself from the Service of the House, without the special Leave of the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Member who shall absent himself from the Service of the House for the Space of Two Months, without the special Leave of the House, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no private Business be entered upon any Day, in the House, after One a Clock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no new Motion be made after Two of the Clock, unless the same relates to Business which has been entered upon before that Hour, and entertained by the House till, the Time of making such Motion.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Pesolution be postponed.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time j

the Housewas moved, 'That an A~£t, tnade in the ‘ Sixth' Year of the Reign of King 'Henrythe Eighth, intituled, An Act that no Knights of Shires, nor BurgetTes, depart before the End of the Parliament, might be scad 5 And the same being read accordingly; *

Ordered, That the further Consideration dp the said Resolution be postponed; ';

'i'he subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being -severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 'agreed to by the House. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs , and Mr. Allen: '.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,- An Act Imoort ( for permitting certain Goods, therein enumerated, to be imported, during the War, in Bbuilt Shipping, shipping!" the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief liam Ord, and others; and for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon - the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, as to the Importation, on the Account of Aliens, of Goods of the Growth or Production of the - -;

Plantations of Spain and Portugal, in Ships, duly

navigated; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed tq the Bill, intituled, An.Ad Encourage-for die better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; without any Amend ment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shoreditch for making more effectual feversd Acts, passed for repair- Road, ing the Road leading from the Stones End in the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County to

the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfeld, in the feme County, next to the Parish of Chefbnnt, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Endfield; without any- Amendment:

And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made in the 1 Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, with' One Amendment:

To which Amendment the Lord* desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreedto the Bill, intituled, An Act Pool- La*, for remedying some Dcfeds in the Ad, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Poor Rat?* to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or places where ®f'improved improved Wastes, and drained and improved Marsh &sale Lands, shall be charged to parochial Rates, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Regulating Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, the Prices of An Act to explain,'amend, and enlarge, an Act, made Coal*, in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 10. Leave out "and," and insert " are."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard ff'aruicke do

carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

t M The

6S6 lb* — ii° — i z6 Mali. A. 1744.

forlpwi. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the , That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to

Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled.

An Act for the Relief of the Poor.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol-Ipweth; viz.

Pr. 5. L. ao. Leave out from " accordingly" to " and, " in the 41st Line of the same Press.

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Amendment;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° Mail;

Anno 17* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

ofim^wd House proceeded to take into Consideration the

WafeLind*, Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intike. tuled, An Act to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes

or Places where improved Wastes, and drained and improved Marsh Lands, shall be charged to parochial Rates.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow-cth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A.

Clause A.

Provided always, and be it declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, make void, or in any ways alter, a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Draining of the Fen called Deeping Fen, and other Fens therein mentioned; whereby it is enacted, That the Trustees therein named, their Heirs and Assigns, or the Survivor of them, their or any of their Tenants, Farmers, or Ground-holders, of any Part of the Third Part of the said Fen, or of the 5,000 Acres therein mentioned, should not have, any time hereafter, use or claim, any Common of Pasture, or other Commonage of Pasturing, in any Part of the Remainder of the said Fens, nor any of them, nor in the North Fen of Pinchbeck and , nor any part thereof,

by Virtue or Pretence of his or their Residence there; but all and every the Inhabitants that might thereafter be upon any Part of the said Third Part, or upon any Part of the said 5,000 Acres, and were not able to maintain themselves, should be maintained and kept by the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, and the Survivor of them, and never become chargeable, in any Kind, to all or any the respective Parishes, wherein such Inhabitant or Inhabitants should reside or dwell; any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof in any-ways notwithstanding.

The said Amendment was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Poor The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned

Debate upon the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen -b.th, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agteed to by the House.

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 1 2° die Maii;

Anno 17° Georgii IP* Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Royal Kit Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: wBik

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this hononrable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the federal public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund} and for applying a Sum, remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Coinage Duty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and forgiving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices , and to enable the Reversioners of certain Annuities, therein mentioned, to receive such Annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain time by the Annuitants for Life, until Proof be made that such Annuitants are living:

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Glass Beads, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of refined Borax and Camphire, which are allowed on the Exportation of unrefined Borax and Camphire; and for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of British and Irish Linens, for the lake of the Bounty allowed by an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for explaining and amending the said Act as to the Persons who are to recive the said Bounty:

An Act to make it High Treason to hold Correspondence, with the Sons of the Pretender to his Majesty’s Crown; and for attainting them of High Treafnn, in case they shall land, or attempt to land, in Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspeidling the Operation and Effect of a Clause in the Act of the Seventh Year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms; relating to the Forfeitures for High Treason, until after the Decease of the Sons of the said Pretender:

An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty’s Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy:

An Act for the more Effectual Preventing of the Affixing of counterfeit Stamps to foreign or other Linens:

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Di(guise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; and for the more effectual Puriishment of Persons maliciously felting on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlaw-tully hunting or taking any red or Fallow Deer in Fo. rests or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keeper!, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for

17 Geo. II. i £ Mail.

granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Pro-; An Act for confirming the jointure made oh the Mar; A&al duce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Co- fiage of Francis Scot Esquire, commonly called Earl of ionics in America, from the said Colonies directly to Dalkeith, eldest Son, and HeirApparent, to Francis Duke foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navi- of B with Lady Caroline Campbell-, and for im-gated according to Law and to explain Two Acts re- powering their Heirs of Entail, succeeding to the Estate lating to the Prosecution of Offenders for embezzling of Francis late Earl of Buccleuch, to make Jointures, in naval Stores, or Stores of War; and to prevent the Re- such manner as is therein mentioned: tailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that An Act to impowdr the Guardians bf Other Lewis i Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence: Earl df Plimouth, an Infant, to purchase the Estate of

An Act for permitting certain Goods, therein cnume- his Grandfather ’Thomas Letois Esquire, in the County of rated, to be imported, during the War, in Briti/k-bm\tGlamorgan I

Shipping, the Property of Foreigners; and for Relief of An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate bf Lord

William Ord, and others; and for obviating a Doubt Baron df in the Kingdom of Ireland, towards dif-which hath arisen upon the Act of the Twelfth Year of charging the Debts and Incumbrances dffefting the fame: the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir Robert for the Encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Na- Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees* to be vigation, as to the Importation, on the Account of Aliens, fold, for discharging several Mortgages and Incumbrances* of Goods of the Growth or Production of the Plantations and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by of Spain and Portugal, in English Ships, duly navigated t such Sale, in the Purchase of other Land9, to be settled.

An Act for remedying some Defects in an Act, made together with his Estate in the County of to

in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Uses therein mentioned:

intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor i An Act to enlarge the Tifrie limited by the Will of

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge, an Act, made Sir Francis Leiteftet Baronet, deceased, for Sale of the in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of real Estate late of Sir John Byrne Baronet, deceased, in King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulat- the Kingdom of Ireland-, and also to enable Sir Petei ing the Measures and Prices of Coals: Byrne Baronet* and his Iffud* to take and use the Surname

An Act to prevent Disputes touching the Parishes or of Leicester only, pursuance to the said Will:

Places where improved Wastes, and drained and improved An Act for impowering John Thornhagh Esquire, to Marsh Lands, shall be charged to parochial Rates: make a Jointure, and Provision for his younger Children*

An Act for making more effectual Provision for en- out of an Estate comprised in a voluntary Settlement lightening the Streets of the City of London: made by Saint Andrew Thornhagh Esquire, his late

An Act to explain and make more effectual several Father, deceased:

Acts of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments*

Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, deviled by the Will of Richard Cliffe Esquire* deceased* from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the in Trustees, to be sold for paying the Debts and Legacies County of Surrey; and for the better enabling the Com- charged thereupon by the said Will; and for laying out tnilfioners for building the said Bridge to finish the fame, the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale* if any, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them* as also in purchasing other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of for granting further Time for the exchanging Tickets the same Will:

unclaimed in the last Lottery for the said Bridge; and An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John to make Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery loft, Ayjkcombe Gentleman, lying in the County of Warwick, burnt, or otherwise destroyed: and for settling another Estate in the same County, of

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and for Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to Warmingtonfmother Purposes therein mentioned: the County of Warwick: An Act for vesting the Estate late of George Doiunei

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Esquire, deceased, in the County of in

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Gale Gentleman, and his Heirs, in Trust, to convey the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road same to Robert Neale Esquire, and his Heirs, pursuant from Studley Bridge to Chippenham, in the County of to Articles of Agreement made for Sale thereof, towards Wilis; and for amending the Road from Chippenham to Payment of the Incumbrances charged thereupon; and Pickzvhk, in the said County: for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for amending and making more effectual, an An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continu- Cullum Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards discharg~-ing an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign ing Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for securing of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and providing an Equivalent for the same out of other' the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wefi- Part of his Estate, for the Uses and Purposes of his Mar- wood Gate, in the said County; and from Luton to St, riage Settlement:

Albans, in the County of Hertford: An Act to enable William Moore Esquire, to lell an

An Act for making more effectual several Acts, passed Estate purchased under the Will of William Smythe for repairing the Road leading from the Stones End, in Esquire; and to lay out the Money thereby arising, with the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of other Money therein mentioned, in the Purchase of an*

Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road other Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will: in the Parish of Endfield, in the same County, next to the An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Thomas FoWnes Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and for Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, together with his Fee-amending the Road from the Watch house in Edmonton simple Estate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Fa-to the Market-place in Endfield: therand himself; and for laying out the Surplus Money

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Purchase of another Estate* to be settled to the in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti Uses of his Marriage Settlement: tuled, An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Peter Haw kef the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold j another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present and for providing and securing an Equivalent for the Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for incorporating the fame, to be settled to the same Uses:

Undertakers of the Navigation of the River Demand An Act for confirming Agreements made for inclosing

for repealing the Tonnage Rates payable to the said and dividing Part of North Stone ham Common, in the

Undertakers, and for granting to them otherTonnage or County of Southampton:

Keelage Rates in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed therein mentioned: by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of an-

Vol. 24. tient

- 688 i20 Man. — 2i° yunii. — 21.° x 744.

tient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right: And. Act for naturalising Bernhard' 'Joachim Boetefewr: An Act for naturalizing Stephen Navi lie.

The King’s After which, his Majesty was pleased to make am oft Speech, gracious Speech to bothHouses of Parliament, as*fpI]ow; eth; viz:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session, without returning you my hearty Thanks for the many Demonstrations you have given me, during the Course of it, of your good Affedjons, and of your Zeal for the Support of my Government.

The great Preparations made by France on the Side of the Aufiridn Netherlands, mu ft convince all Europe of the ambitious and destrudive Views of that Crown in beginning the present War. It shall be my Care, in conjunct idn with my Allies, to pursue the most proper Measures to disappoint them, and to prosecute the War in such a manner as may be most effectual for procuring a safe and honourable Peace. My good Friends the States Genetal have already, in pursuance of my Requisition, agreed tofurnifli the Succours Stipulated by our Treaties; and 1 have received the strongest Assurancesof their just Sense not only of the common Danger, but also of the irriiparable Conned ion of their Interests with those of this Kingdom; which I shall not fail.to improve for the general Good of the common Cause.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The great Readiness and Regard to the public Service, which you have shewn in granting the Supplies for the current Year, are highly acceptable to me: You may depend upon it, that they shall be strictly applied to the Ends for which they were given, and in such manner as may be most for the Honour and Advantage of Great Britain.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

' Let me earnestly recommend to you, in your several Stations, to be vigilant in preserving the Peace and good Order of the Kingdom. I promise myself, you will fe-riously confide r* that, in the present Conjundure, you are particularly called upon, by all the Motives of Duty and Interest, to stir up and cultivate in the Minds of my People, an hearty and more than ordinary Zeal for the Maintenance and Defence of our holy Religion, and excellent Constitut ion, against the malicious Designs of our Enemies.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Pa^l am nt It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this prorogued. Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-first Day of June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-first Day of June next.

Mr.-Speaker,;

: The Lords, authorized ;by virtue of his Majesty s

.Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker^ with the Hpufe, went up to the House of Peers: Where -the Couuuiflion was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 2d Day of August next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Second ’Day of August next.

— 1----- r — !----- — r-----

Jovis, 2*die Augusti;

Anno 18* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

THE House being met, according to the last Proro- Parliament gation; further

A.Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wil- PforoSuaJ* Ham Saunderfony Deputy Gentleman Uffier of the Black,

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's: Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the« Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the Housey went-up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the Twenty-first Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-first Day of September next.

Jovif) 2 iQ die Septembris; . ’

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

THE House being met, according, to the last Proro- Parliament gation; , furthe'

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir fViU prcrogu Ham Saunderfony Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, .<

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission., desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until.Tuef day the Twenty-seventhDay of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Twenty.seventh Day of November next.

JovisK2i° die yunii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1744.

Parliament

further

profiled.

THE House being met, according to the last Proro* gation;

A Meftage was brought from the Lords, by Sir IVII* ham Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod:

j

J O U R N A L S

OF THE

HOUSE /COMMONS.

Sess. 1744 — 1745.

Message to attend the King.

Mart is, 2 70 die Novembris;

Anno 18* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Ballon, Gentleman-Uftier of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

A

Cfendestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Speech Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was reported, pleated to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is always a great Satisfaction to me to meet you in Parliament, and it is particularly so in this Conjuncture, as the present Posture of Affairs abroad requires your most serious Consideration. The Events of the last Summer have been so various, and some things have fallen out during the Course of it so much to the Disadvantage of the common Cause, the Consequences whereof remain still undecided, that great Attention must be given to them, and proper Measures taken for preventing or removing the ill Effects of them.

I have, in pursuance of your repeated Advice, exerted my Endeavours for the Support of the House of Austria, and in the Prosecution of the just and necessary War in which we are engaged. The Queen of Hungary, though attacked and invaded by Powers from whom she had the lead Reason to expect such a Conduct, has shewn the greatest Constancy and Resolution; and the King ofPa-land, pursuant to his Engagements with her, hath sent a very considerable Force to her Assistance. The King of Sardinia, with a Magnanimity and Firmness superior to the greatest Difficulties, has, with the Assistance of my Fleet, relifted the combined Forces of France and Spain sent against him; and, at last, happily defeated an En-terprize formed for his Destruction, and for the Reduction of Italy, as well as most of the Ports in the Mediterranean, under the Power of the House of Bourbon. Though our Success has not been answerable to our Willies, yet the vast Expeditions and Deligns of our Enemies, built upon new Intrigues and Alliances, and an additional Strength, have not hitherto taken place $ Vol. 24.

and will, I hope, by the Blessing of God, and the mutual united Vigour of Great Britain, and her Allies, be dilap-pointed. In conjunction with them, and with their effectual Assistance, and your Support, I am determined to carry on the War in such a manner as may be most conducive to that important End, which is my foie Aim, a lafe and honourable Peace; it being my firm Resolution never to abandon my Allies, and to procure the utmost Security to the Religion, Liberties, and Commerce, of my Kingdoms.

For this Purpose, I have always infilled, and am still endeavouring, with my Allies, particularly my good Friends the States General of the United Provinces, to fix the certain Proportions of Forces and Expence to be furnillied by each of the Confederates in the Prosecution of this just and necessary War.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates, for the Service of the ensuing Year, to be prepared, and laid before you; and desire you to grant me such Supplies, as shall be requisite for the Security and Welfare of the Nation, and for carrying on such Measures, as it shall be necessary for Great Britain to pursue in the present extraordinary Crilis. I am deeply fenlible of, and concerned for, the Burthens which lie upon my good Subjects; and you maybe assured, that no Endeavours shall be wanting on my Part to ease them in every Instance where the Consequences of doing so may not endanger their own true Interests.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have laid before you my Views and Intentions: Your Concurrence with me in a steady Pursuit of them, will bell manifest your Zeal for the common Cause, lay the surest Foundation for the real Support of our Allies, and for the Security and Prosperity of your Country; and nothing can add so much to the Weight and Efficacy of your Resolutions, as Unanimity and Dispatch.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne, to express our great Concern at what has happened, during the last Summer, to the Disadvantage of the common Cause; and to assure his Majesty, that, as we are very apprehensive of the Consequences of these Events, we will not only give great Attention to them, but do all that is in our Power to prevent or remove the ill Effects of them: That we cannot sufficiently applaud the Constancy and Resolution of the Queen of Hungary, nor can we less admire the Magnanimity and Firmncls of the King of Sardinia, who, with the Assistance of his Majesty, has been able to obstrud the ambitious Deligns of the House of Bourbon, in Italy; to return his Majesty our Thanks for his prudent and tender Regard to the Condition of his Subjects, and for his Endeavours to concert and stipulate with his Allies, particu-8 N larJy

Address on the King'* Speech.

690 a 7° — 28° Novembris. 1744.

Cornwall

Writ.

Hvthe

Writ.

krly the States General, the Proportions of Forces and Expence to j^e borpe by the respective Confederates in this War; and to assure his Majesty, that we will, to the utmost of our Power, assist and support his Majesty in carrying on the just and necessary War against the Enemies of this Nation, and the Disturbers of Europe, till a safe and honourable Peace can be obtained: That, as his Majesty has been gracioufty pleased to lay before his Parliament his Views and Intentions, he may depend on his faithful Commons for their ready and chearful Aflif-tanceto maint^in the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, to enable his MajestyCeffedtually tp support his Allies, and to contribute whatever may be found necessary and expedient to bring about, with Honour, a just and reasonable Settlement of the present embroiled State of Europe.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Winninglon, Mr. Secretary at War, Dr. Lee, Lord Dnpplin, Lord Baltimore, Lord Coke, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir John Strange, Sir William Corbett, Lord Middlesex, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Turner, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bozv/es, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fox, Mr. Compton, Mr. Glanville, Sir Coventry Carew, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Mr. South* well, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Haddington, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Speke, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Chute, Mr. Grenville, Lord Hartinglon 5 or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, in the rqom of Hercules Baker Esquire, deceased.

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bridges, Knight of the Bath, commonly called Marquis of Carnar-von, now Duke of Chandos, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of William Thompson Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Neiv Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, in the room of the Honourable John Spencer Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Ranger or Keeper of his Majesty’s Great Park of Windsor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Novembris;

Anno 18* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o(Heydon, in the County of York, in the room of the Right Honourable Alger noon Earl of Mountrath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do (it every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Scarborough

Writ.

Nevr

Woodfttfck

Writ.

Heydon

Writ

Grind

Committee*.

Bridport

Writ.

Corse Cattle Writ.

Wenlock

Writ.

freat Marlaw

Writ.

Eifliops Castle

Wrir.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrir, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the right Honourable Thomas Henry Coventry Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Deerhurst, de-cealed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Bond Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir Brian Broughton Delves Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Thomas Hoby Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do (it every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committee ^be appointed: of PrivIle2<?*-

And a Committee was appointed of Dr. Lee, General Onslow, Lord Gage, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Lechmere, Mr.

Kent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pratt, Lord Dupplin, Lord Strange, Mr. Gregory, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Whichcote, Lord Chetzvynd, Mr. OJbaldefion, Mr. Wright,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Lock, Mr. John Martin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellozves, 'Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Jeffreyes, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Brereton, Dr.

Butler, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. For eft er, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Foley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Winninglon,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ne/bitt, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Doddington, Admiral Her non, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chester, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Tyrrzvhitt, Mr. Best, Mr.

Alderman Calvert, Mr. Hainilton, Mr. Geo. Fox, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttleton: And they are to meet upon this Day Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And theyare to take into Consideration all such Matters as thall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon,

to

18 Geo. IT. 28° Novembris. 691

n the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ufaal Orders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

to give his Vote in the Elc&ion of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Refohedy That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refohedy That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refohedy That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

1 Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of

Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Eleven 1 of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between

Vol. 24.

Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructionsbe made by Cars, Drays,

Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hally or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or -thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to dilobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or fonie other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes und£r the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, direcded to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Refohedy That this House will receive no Petition for Private Bill*, private Bills after the First Day of February next.

Refohedy That in all Cases of controverted EJe<ftions Controverted for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Eiertions. Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by

their

e

6yz 28° — 29° . 1744.

their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against: the Names of the Voters excepted toi And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Address on Mr. York reported from the Committee, appointed Socttl? Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne.

It is with the deepest Concern we reflect upon what has l^appened, during the last Summer, to the Disadvantage of the Common Cause; and, as we cannot but be extremely apprehensive of the Consequences of these Events, we assure your Majesty, that we will not only give the greatest Attention to them, but exert our utmost Endeavours to prevent or remove the ill Effects of them.

We cannot sufficiently applaud the Constancy and Resolution of the Queen of Hungary under so many severe Trials; nor can we less admire the Magnanimity and Firmness of the King of Sardinia, whose excellent Con-dud, supported by your Majesty’s Assistance, has obstruded and defeated the ambitious Designs of the House of Bourbon, in Italy.

Your faithful Commons, with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude, acknowledge your Majesty’s prudent and tender Regard to the Condition of your Subjects, as well as your continued Endeavours to concert and stipulate with your Allies, particularly the States General, whose Interests are inseparably connected with those of Great Britain, the Proportion of Forces and Expence to be borne by the respective Confederates in this War; and we beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that we will, to the utmost of our Power, assist and support your Majesty in carrying on this just and necessary War against the Enemies of these Kingdoms, and the Disturbers of Europe, till a safe and honourable Peace shall be obtained.

And, as your Majesty has been graciously pleased to lay before your Parliament your Royal Views and Intentions, your Majesty may depend upon your faithful Commons for their ready and chearful Assistance to maintain the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, effectually to support your Allies, and to contribute whatever shall be found necessary or expedient to bring about, with Honour, a just and reasonable Settlement of the present embroiled State of Europe.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

The King’s Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to

Speech to be bQth Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration

» on filtered. Xo_morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ^n^or Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliamenf '

for the Borough 01 New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the right honourable Sidney Beauclerk Esquire, commonly called Lord Sidney Beauclerk, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 die Novembris j

Anno 188 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Time ap- Majesty having been waited upon (pursuant to P°'n.ted for the Order of Yesterday), humbly to know his Majesty s Pleasure when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- East India missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; prohibited

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Good>* House, pursuant to several Atts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Saint Helen's, London, at Michaelmas 1743, what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1744: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall, London, at Michaelmas 174-3, what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1744:

And also,

An Account of prohibited East bidia Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouses in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1743, what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1744:

And also.

An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-Ports, at Michaelmas 1743, what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1744; And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's Leadenhall ft reet, Fenchurchstreet, and Custom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1743, in order to be dyed, glazed, refreshed, &c. what have heen returned, and what remained, out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1744* And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruftia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 1744: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruftia into the Ports of England (commonly called the Out Ports), from Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 1744.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take The King’i into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to Speech both Houses of Parliament: considered.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And

18 Geo. II. 29* — 30° Novemhris. — 3 693

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° die Novemhris;

Anno 18° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Yarmouth f\RD ER &D> That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Writ. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the loom of Thomas Gibson Esquire, deceased.

Linlithgow Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Ele&ing of aCommissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Linlithgow, in the room of the honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Commissary of the Musters, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Heinfcken’s, A Petition of Christian Heineken and Dominick Joftph &c. Nat. Lieutand, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mellish and Mr. Sydenham do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Addrest. Majesty Yesterday, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this loyal and affectionate Address.

Your Unanimity, on this Occasion, cannot fail of having great Weight both at home and abroad: You may be allured whatever Supplies you shall find necessary to grant, shall be managed with the utmost (Economy, and applied to the Support of my Allies, and of the true Interests of my People.

within the Borough of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth*

That, on the Eighth Day of September 1741, their Parish Church was, by a violent Storm of Wind, beat down, and laid in Ruins; and that by his Majesty’s Royal Bounty, and several private Benefactions bellowed upon the Petitioners, which have been since expended, the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in re-edifying the said Church; but that upon an Eftjmate, which the Petitioners have caused to be made by able and experienced Workmen, a very considerable Sum will be Hill necessary iof completing the said Work; which cannot be raised without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the raising a Sum sufficient for the Purpol'e aforesaid, upon the Inhabitants and Owners of Estates within the said ‘PariQi, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Turner, Mr. IVhiclicote,

Mr. West, Mr. Walpole, General Onslow, Mr. Crowle,

Sir James Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Hay, Dr. Butler, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. War burton. Sir John Crosse, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fere, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gre* gory, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lyster, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Towns-end, Mr. Knight, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. French, Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Watson, Colonel Abercromby, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Grant, Mr. Murray, Mr Fellowes, Mr.

Roberi Williams, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lechmere, Lord Perceval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kincaidia the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wriu clecting of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kincardin, in the room of Sir James Carnagie Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath been made a Captain of Foot in his Majesty’s Army.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committtee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to4a Resolution; which they had directed him to reporr, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lutue, 30 die Decembris j Anno 18° Georgii II^ Regis, 1744. Prayers.

A P ET1TIO N of the Minister, Churchwardens, inKiag*«C and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St, Margaret,

Lynn. VoL. 24*

A Petition of the Mayor and Btirgefies of the Town Kingstorr of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and uP°n Hull read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the Road* Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town . of Anlaby, in the County of the Lid Town of Kingston upon Hull, is Part of the common Poll Road from thence to London, and of the great Highway to Leeds, Wakefield, Halifax, and other trading Towns in the West Riding of the County of York, between which, and the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, Passengers are very frequently going and returning, to carry on their mutual Traffic, which is very great, and of public Benefit to this Kingdom; and that the said Road lies in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and in such a low, flat, miry, Country, that the Rains falling upon the fame, and defeending from the neighbouring Hills, for want of a proper Descent and Current to carry them off, settle on great Part of the said Road, which is almost continually under Water; and by reason thereof, and of the Deepness of the Soil in most Places, and the many heavy Carriagespafling through the said Road, the same is become so ruinous and bad, that for the moll Part of the Winter Season, and frequently at other Times, it is dangerous for Travellers to pass through the fame: That the said Road ought to be repaired by the Inhabitants of several neighbouring Parishes, Villages, and Hamlets, who cannot be obliged, by the ordinary Methods preferred by the Laws in being, to raise Money enough to put the said Road into any tolerable Condition of Repair; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, and kept in 8 0 m Repair,

e

694 3° — 4* — 5

Repair, unless some further Provision be made for railing Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* fiderarion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crowle, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Le com ere, Mr. Carew, Mr. Lyster, Lord Perceval, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bennett, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hampden, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Turner, Mr. Grant, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ongley, Dr. Zto/Ar, Mr.; and all the Members that l'erve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ueitttken’s, Mr. Sydenham presented to the House, according to

Ire. Nar. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christian Heineken and Dominick Joseph Lieut and: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more

r*wnbrokers effectua]iy (0 prevent the receiving of stolen Goods, by the regulating of Pawnbrokers: And that Mr. Carew and Sir William Calvert do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That* a Supply bej*ranted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Viry and Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the

Army Efti- Navy, for the Year 1745, with the Half-pay of the Of-

mates, c. £cers of t^e Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1745, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1745, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1745* be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1745.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies, given for the Service of the Year 1744* have been disposed of; distinguished under jheir several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of ao

Decembris. A. 1744.

or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay betorC this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 18* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to Regulating Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the re- Pawnbrokers ceiving of stolen Goods, by the regulating of Pawnbrokers:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be graci- AddreCu ously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers $0 lay before this House, the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Decembris;

Anno 18* Georgii II" Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

QHR1 ST IA N Heineken and Dominick Joseph Lieut and

took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Sapplf* whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the HouJfe, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till T<?«morrow Morning, Nine of the Cloc£.

ItMargiret’s Church, in King’k Lynn.

Glamorgan

Writ.

Supply.

18 Geo. II. 6° — 7® — 8 695

Jovis, 6° die; Anno 18* Georgii II" Regis, 1744. Prayers.

SI R John Turner reported from the Committee* tt> whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloWeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Mr. Matthew Brcilingham, Surveyor, said, That, in September 1741, the Spire of the Church was blown down upon the Roof, which intirely demolithed the same from the West End to the Chancel;

That his Majesty’s Royal Bounty, and several private Benefactions, amounting together to £. i, Sco, had been expended in rebuilding the said Church; but byanEfti-niate produced by the Witness, it appeared,

That the total Sum necessary for rebuilding the lame, according to the intended Plan, £. s. d. amounted to - - - - 5,149 9 4

That there had been already Work} _____

done to the Amount of - - )

So that there remains to be raised}

for completing the same - -J 3> 49 9 4

To which must be added the Sum of 300 — —

Part of the said £.2,100, now remain*

ing due to several Workmen, which S 3,349 9 4

makes, in the whole, the Sum of )

And further said. That the Breadth of the Building wasconliderably contracted; for that the Two Side Hies* which were Forty Foot each in Breadth, were now reduced to Fifteen Foot each, by which a considerable Saving would accrue:

And that all possible Methods-had been used to reduce the Expence of the intended Building, as well in the Contracts made with the several Workmen, as by making ule of such Materials of the old Church, as were in any Degree serviceable.

Mr. Underwood, Town Clerk of the said Borough, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Brettingham, as to the Sums of Money given for the Service aforesaid; and also tire Application thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parish loners of the Parish of St. Margaret, within the Barcugh of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, the Lord Coke, the Lord Dup-plin, and Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this pre-fen t Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the Honourable BuJJy Manfell Esquire, now Lord Manfell, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio we th; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty Thousand Men be employed for the SeaSer-Vol, 24.

vice, for the Year 1745; beginning from the First Day of January 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean# consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1tnerisy y° die Decembris;

Anno 18° Georgii II" Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

\ BI L for naturalizing Christian Heineken and Do- Hrineke&’t minick Joseph Lieut and, was read a Second time. &c. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham, Mr Gore, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Mell'tjh, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Archer, Mr Gregory, Mr Scott, Mr.

Gray, Dr. Butler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bancks, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Carew, Mr. West,

Mr. Watson, Lord Perceval, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Wilkin son, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vere, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Ongley,

Mr. R. Williams: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising and the Supply granted to tys Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Besolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Nine of tlpe Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die De;

Anno i8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744-Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- an 1 ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the RdToIucion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at

tht

6$6 8° — 10® — ii°

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and rs as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be raised in the Year 174^, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal. Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Compton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gybbon, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

» Luna, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 18° Georgii IIth Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Sutherland A PETITION of the Honourable George Mackay Ileaion. Esquire, was presented to the House, and read;

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Stipoly Bill; Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or-Land Tax. der, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hcineken*s, Mr. Sydenham reported from the Committee, to whom lie. Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Christian Heineken and Dominick Joseph Lieut and, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read, and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cumberland Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

M rit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, in the room of Sir Joseph Pennington, deceased.

Regulating A Bill more effectually to prevent the receiving of Pawnbroker*, stolen Goods, by the regulating of Pawnbrokers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Six Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses

Decembris. A. 1744.

to puniffi Persons who shall print or publish any Advertisement or Notice of a Reward for the Recovery of stolen Goods "without Questions a/ked," or with any Ptomife of any Indemnity to the Offender.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, n° die Decembris;

Anno 18* Georgii II<fc Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

A BILL for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Supply Bilh Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain. for the LandlW Service of the Year 1745, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. '

Resolved, That tlfe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-iiiorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires* and other Lists of Land Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, T.a*Ct,m" of the Names of such Persons as they shall think proper, mi #nen* with the Commissioners for executing the Land Tax Act of the last Session of Parliament, to be Commissioners for executing this Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of such additional Commissioners be written at Length.

A Petition of Henry Conyngham Esquire, was presented Great M«v to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last low Election. Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Thomas Hoby Baronet, deceased, the Petitioner and William Ockenden Esquire, were Candidates, and Thomas Harris and John Gibbons, Constables of the said Borough, presided as Returning Officer: That the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but the said Constables acted in a very partial Manner, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said William Ockendeny who had no Right, apd refilled other? who had a legal Right, to vote; and were ready, and offered, to poll for the Petitioner: That feme of the Persons who had no Right, and were admitted to vote for the said William Ockenden, were objected to at the Time . of Polling, but were polled with Queries; it being proposed by the Agents of the said William Ockendeny and consented to by rum and the Petitioner, that the Legality of such Votes should be inquired into upon a Scrutiny, which was then agreed to be had; notwithstanding which, the said Constables very arbitrarily closed the Poll, by de<-daring the said William Ockenden duly elected by a Majority of Two Votes, without mentioning the Number? entered on the Poll; and absolutely refused going into a Scrutiny, though the Petitioner infilled upon their granting one, in pursuance of the aforesaid Agreement: That there was a great Mob collected, who were very outrageous, and intimidated and prevented several Persons from coming to poll foj* the Petitioner; whereby, and by many illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said William Ockenden has been returned, in manifest Prejudice of the Per titioner, and in open Defiance of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and that the Petitioner apprehends the said William Ockenden was not, at the Time of the said Election and Return, seised of, or intitled to, such an Estate as is required by Law to qualify him to beeleded, and serve as a Member in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premii.es into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

at

iB GeO. it. i i° — ii* — i 30 Decembrh. 697

at the Bar of this House on Thursday the 17th Day of January next.

A Message frorh the Lords* by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Lc Bion’s The Lords have patted a Bill; intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blsn: To which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Cardigan A Petition of Richard Lloyd Esquire, was prefenred to EtcdUon. the House, and read j complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, irt the County of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Heineken’*, An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Christian Heineken &c. Nat. and Dominjck Joseph L;eutaud, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Christian Heineken and Do tntnick Joseph Lieut and.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Le Blon’i An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon, was read the

Firfi: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Houft will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an A id to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

1745*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they ha*e Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commirtee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 174J, out of the Supplies granted fdr the Ycir 1745. '

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon cook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning nexc, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Radnor Llf.it ion.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply.

Ways ard Means.

Mercurii, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 180 Georgii IT1 Regis, 1744.

P R AYERS.

A PETITION of Roderick Gwynne Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Radnor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

Anti a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Or me, Mr. Carew, Mr. Powney, Mr. Oswald, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Onslow, Lord Geo. Graham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hayward, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Perceval, Mr. Jerry ns, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Compton, Mr. Vyner, Admiral Vernon, Mr. West. Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wiikirfon, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Scot, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Frankland, Sir Wat, IVms. Hynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Packer, Mr. Berkeley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-Vol. 24.

Jovis, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 180 Georgii lldi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. Crow/e reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Mantley, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through Anlaby, is Part of the common Post Road from thence to Ixndon, and is also Pan of the public Road leading from Hull to Leeds, Wakefield, Halifax, and other trading towns in the West Riding of the County of York> through which Road many Persons go and return, in order to carry on their Trade and Traffic.

And the same Witness further said, That the Road lies in a low, flat, miry Country; and chat the Rains fall upon the same from the neighbouring Hills; and, for want of a proper Current to carry such Waters off, they settle on great Part of the Road, which is frequently under Water; and that by reason thereof, and of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages patting through the Road, the same is become so ruinous and bad in many Places, that, in the W inter Season, the same is dangerous to Travellers.

Mr. George Hopfon confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Mantley, and added, That, by reason of the Road being often under Water, Carriages and Travellers were obliged, for a great Part of the Year, to go another Way; which is not so near, by Three or Four Miles, as the other Road is.

And the same Evidence also said, That although the Statute-work has been constantly performed upon the Road, yet the same is far from being sufficient to repair 8 P the

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committee

ofPrivileges.

Kingston upon Hall Road.

St. Margaret’s Church in King’s Lynn.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committee of Privileges.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

13" — 140 — 15" — -17" Decembris. A. 1744.

698

the Road; and he likewise added, That the Road cannot be amended and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made to raise Money to be applied for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be gtven to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of King f on upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk-Elld, in the County of the said Town of King Jim upon Hull: And that Mr. Crowle and Mr. OJbaldeston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris140 die Decembris;

Anno 18° Georgii lldi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

SIR John Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money by Rates upon themselves, for finilliing the Church of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments theretmto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 150 die Dec;

Anno 180 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Gybbon, according to Order, reported frorh the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Tuunce^ 170 die Decembris \

Anno 180 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A & Le Blou’i for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon, was read Nat. a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carpenter, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Char It on, Mr. Williams, General Onslow, Lord. Geo.

Beauclerk, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Hylton, General IVentworth,

Colonel Moflyn, Mr. Murray, Mr. Wed, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Hume, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Brcokfbatik,

Mr. Burrell, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Jeffreys* Mr. OJlaldefion,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Philipfon, Sir Miles Stapyltcn, Mr.

Packer, Mr. Carew, Mr. /ijfleck, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sydenham ' And they are to meer this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Supply BT; a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Lan(i Tax. of the Year 1745, vvas read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 17. Line 15. After "James Theobald Esquire," to insert " Henry Tomkins

Pr. 19. Line 2. After u Henry Archer Esquire," to insert " William Nicholas Esquire:"

Line 35. After " George Milhourne Esquire," to insertu James Peachey Esquire:"

Pr. 20. Line 4. After <c Arnold Buncombe," to insert cl George Grimston Esquire:"

Pr. 21. Line 10. After " Francis Mack!ay," to insert cc George Milhourne Esquire :"

Pr. 22. Line 10. After " Sir William Irby Baronet," to insert u Sir Harry Pope Blount Baronet

Line 12. After " Simon Rogers," to insert " Thomas Hunt Esquire, Richard Page?'

Pr. 24. Line 16. After " Oxford," to leave out " George," and insert " William" instead thereof:

Pr. 29. Line 18. After " Gentlemen," to leave out " John," and instead thereof, to insert <c Roger:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill vvas amended at the Table accordingly.

' Resolved, That the Bill do paL: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Westminster Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross Bridge, the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster bridge, from November 16, 1743, to November 14, 1744, both inclusive: And also,

Contrails made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, between November 16, 1743, and November 14,

1744: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29, 1743, to September 29, 1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Committee cf Privileges.

Le Blon’s Mat.

St. Margaret*^ Church, in King’s Lynn.

Call of the House.

18 Geo. II.

i 70 — 18° — i ft

699

The Orders of the Day being read;

IWolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraif-ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Decembris;

Anno 18° Georgiilldi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Le Blon’s for naturalizing Sir John Charles Le Blon, was read Nat. the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Carpenter do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Martis, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 18° Georgii JIt:i Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

SjRDERED, That Mr. Campbell, Sir Hum. Howorib, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowse, Mr. John Arfcot, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Earle, Sir Wat. IVms. Wynne, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir blish. Fenwick, Mr. Southwell, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Qf-Wald, Mr. Hooper, Lord Coke, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Bance, Mr. 'T,a [fuelI, Lord Hartington, Mr. //*??, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Knight, Mr.

AW, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. War but ton, Mr. jVbr-£0/7;* Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

The Lord Carpenter reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Sir Charles Le Blon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commictee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,

A Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Phi-lipfon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Shepbeard, Sir William Clayton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Walter, Mr. Locke, Mr. Muffenden, Mr. Walker, Mr. Vyner, Lord Perceval, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Kent, Mr. P-umpire. Sir IJtfgb Smilbfon, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Felloives, Sir Crosse, Mr. Gzr, Lord

Cheiwynd, Mr. Carew, Sir Roger Hewdigate, Mr. Cooke 1 and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Afor-/<?/£, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 24.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Heineken’s, for naturalizing Chrtftian Heineken and DominicJc Joseph &c* Nat. Lieutaud, with some Amendments; To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments Ditto, into Consideration:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. Leave out " and

L. 7. After " Geneva " insert iC Henry Gentjes, tc Son of John Joachim Gentjes by Maria his Wife, born u at Hamburgh, Francis Grofe, Son of John Henry Grofe Cf by Anna his Wife, born at Bern in Switzerland\ John i€ James Trembley, Son of John James Trembley by Jane " Elizabeth his Wife, born at Geneva, and Johann Chri-<e ftian Faulwaffer, Son of Martin Faulwaffer by Margaretha his Wife, born in the Town of Anhald Clothen in fc Germany

L. 18. Leave out "and," and after " Lieut-<c and, " insert " Henry Gentjes, Francis Grofe, John James " Trembley, and Johann Christian Faulwaffer L. jo. The same Amendments:

Pr. 2. L. 18. The same Amendments: -L. 27, 28. The same Amendments:

In the Title of the Bill, L. jd, leave out " and" and, at the End of the Title, add u Henry Gentjes, and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Supply. Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three Ways and Weeks, resolve itself into a Commictee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Adjoum-That the House do now adjourn

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes < "J;

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being Committee put, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be of Privileges, adjourned;

The House divided.

The

menc.

7oo

i p9 — i oCT — 2 20 Decembfis.

A\ 1744.

The Yeas went forth.

Ttlltri for for Y«s|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

49-

33-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 2zd Day of "January next.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next. Nine cff the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die;

Anno 180 Georgii lldl Regis, 1744.

Sabbati, 2 2° diDecembris;

Anno i8° Georgii II111 Regis, 1744.

Eortfmouth

Writ.

Kingllon upj ©nHull Road.

Prayers. Prayers.

RD^£AThat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to nRDEREDi That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to chePPing the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Vs rit, for C/ the of tj,c Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wicomb the Electing j)f a Burgess to serve in thw present Parlia- the EJcdting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- WrU*

ment for the Borough of Chepping Wicornb, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Edmund Waller Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of his Majesty’s Houshold.

ment for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Charles Hardy Knight, deceased.

Supply Bill j Land Tax.

Royal Assent to Bills.-

Mr. Crowle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through che Town of An-laby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk-Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One public and Two private Bills j viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1745;

An Act for naturalizing.Sir John Charles Le Blon:

An Act for naturalizing Christian Heine ken, Dominick Joseph Lieutaud, Henry Gentjes, and otiers.

Hcuon £!ec A Petition of Luke Rcbinjon Esquire, was presented 1 on* to the House, and read; letting forth, That, at the

Jail Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of Perk, the Petitioner flood a Candidate: That George Anjon Esquire also flood as a Candidate at the said Election; and, by himself and others his Agents, were guilty of mofl: notorious Bribery and Corruption; and that Stephen Read, the then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, added at the said Election with great Partiality, and behaved in an arbitrary and illegal Manner; by which, and other illegal Practices, the said George Anfcn procured himself to be returned as a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and in open Violation and Defiance of che Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parli-ment: And praying the House to take the Premises into

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Knarefbo-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the rough Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Knar ejborough, in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Richard Arundel Esquire, who, since hisElcftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carmarthen the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, in the room of Sir John Philipps Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Br'dgwater Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, in the room of George Doddington Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Marlbo-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the rough Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir John Hynde Cotton Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Oakehamp-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ton Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakehampton, in the County of Devon, in the room of George Lyttelton Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Warrham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of DorjA, in the room of John Pitt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Buckingham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wji;. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bachs,

in

18 Geo. II. ii° Decembris — i o° Januarii. 701

in the room of George Grenville Esquire, who, finee his and Townships, through which the said Road lies, have Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office been yearly assessed, and paid several considerable Sums of of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Money for the repairing thereof, besides their common Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. Day-works therein $ yet it hath been found by Experi-

ence, that it cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by Westlow Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom,

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament some further Provision be made for railing Money, to be for the Borough, of Pdrt Pigham, alias Westlow, in the applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That County of Cornwall, in the room of Benjamin Keene Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, amending the said Road, except through the Streets of hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of divers annual Hedon aforesaid.

Bounties and Pensions. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Stafford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the mine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the appear to them, to the House:

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, And it is referred to Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Fcnereau, Ge-for the Borough of Staffordr, in the County of Stafford, in nerai Pulteney, Mr. West) Mr. Turnery Sir Wm. Calvert9 the room of William Chetwynd Esquire, who, since his Mr. Plumer, Lord Perceval, Mr. Crowle, Sir Wat. Wins,

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Wynne, General Onslow, Lord Incbequin, Mr. Careu\

Matter and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint. Lord Strange, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Legb, Mr. Grant,

Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Brookfiank, Mr. Douglas, Mr. WiU Cambridge , Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Hams, Colonel Bladen, Lord Gage, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Writ* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Vere, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyster, Sir James Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Grant, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bowles, for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, Lord Geo. Beauclerk, General Howard, Lord Limerick, in the room of James "Martin Esquire, deceased.. Mr. Edwin, Mr, Dodington, Mr. Gage, Mr. Bacon;

.. _ i and all xhe Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Plymouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to'meet this Writ. Clrek of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-Ele<5iiRg of a Burgess to serve in'thfs present Parliament ber: And have Power to fend for Pefforts, Papers, and for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in Records.

the room of the Right Honourable VereBeauclerk Esquire,

commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, who, since his A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town Hedon, &c. Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Kingston upon Hull, was also presented to the House, and of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, except

through the Streets of Hedon aforesaid.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Kinafton have Leave to go to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

ience. Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

A t Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Hedon, in

And then the House adjourned til! nurjdaythe loth the Coumy o{York> is referred. And that they do exa-

Day of January next, Ntne of the Clock in the niine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Morn, S- . appear xo them, to xhe House.

jfovis, 10° die Januarii-y Anno 18° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

BlechinM S\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. ° the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingley, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir_ William Clayton Baronet, deceased.

Hedon, Sec. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses; of the Roads. Town of Hedon, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from a Gate next the Township of Thorngumbald, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, called Sacred Gate, being the Extent of the Liberty of Hedon aforesaid, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, and through the same Town to the Brid^e'oves the River Hull, commonly called Hull North Bridge, is Part of the great Highway from the East End and other Parts of Holderness aforesaid to the Town of Kingston upon Hull: That the said Road, in most Parts thereof, except through the Streets of Hedon aforesaid, is, through the Nature of the Soil, and by reason of the many heavy Carriages pa fling through the fame, become so deep and ruinous, that, in Winter-time, Travellers cannot pass thereon, without great Danger; and that the amending thereof would be of great Convenience and Benefit to the Public 5 and that althoHgh the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Vol. 24.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, upon and from thence to the Town of Kirk-Ella, in the County Road* of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Fenwick, Major General Pulteney, Mr. Lambe, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Grant, Sir PhilipMufgrave, General Howard,

Mr. West, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Williams, Sir James Grant, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Fone-reau, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Frankland, Lord Glenorchy, Doctor Butler, Mr. Pratt, Colonel Abercrombie, Lord Chetwynd,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kent, Lord Strange,

Lord Carteret, Lord John Murray, Mrs. Carew, Mr.

Scott, General Onslow; and ‘aHlthe Members tfho serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, apd Nottingham .‘-And they are comeet this Afternoon ^at Five of the tlock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Kinghorn, Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the *c- Writ* Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Di ft rift of Burghs of Kinghorn, Dyfart,

Kirkaldy, and Bumtijland, in the room of James Oswald Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy. '

Ordered, That Sir John Phillips and Mr. John Pitt be Committee of added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections. Privileges.

8 CL And

Army Elli-mates, &c.

7°:

i o° — 110

A.

1744-

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy n° die 'Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1.744. Prayers.

rpHE House being informed, that Mr. Edward Uoydt JjL Deputy Secretary at War, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1745: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1745' And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General arid Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Majesty's Forces in Flanders, for thp Year 1745: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1745.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, in Great Britain, so

the Year 1745. "

Horse.

First Troop of Guards Second D° - -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Duke of Montague's Regiment Field Marshal Wade's

C Lieutenant General Churchill's r\ *« ivAAnc,) Lord Mark Kerr's a j Colonel Gardiner's f [ Major General Hamilton's

r Four Battalions of Guards Lieutenant General Handajyd's Lieutenant General Harrison's Major General Guise's Major General Wentworth's Foot. Brigadier Blakeney's

Colonel Price's

Colonel Mordaunt's -

Colonel Lee's -Colonel Murray's ^Colonel LaJceUe's - -

t 5 Colonel Wardoar's Regiment

nv as. 2^ independent Companies -

General and Staff Officers Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Total

Pay of the Troops and

Numbers. Regiments

for. 365 Days.

£ s. d.

- 181 - - - 16,546 13 4

l8l 16,546 13 4

177 ' - - - 10,870 l8 4

274 - -7 - 20,433 18 4

- 274 1,087 . 20,433 *8 4

- 435 - - - 19,630 18 4

435 " - 19,630 18 4

- .435 - - - 19,630 18 4

- 435 1,74° 19,630 18 4

- 2,976 - - . 72,169 12 6

: - si5 - - - 15,217 9 2

- 8*5 - - - , *5.2*7'- 2

- 815 - - - ' *5»2I7 9 2

- 8*5 - - - 15,217 9 2

- 8*5. - - - *5»2J7 9 2

- 815 - - - *5.2*7 9 2

8*5 - - - 15,217 9 2

8*5 - - - 15,217 9 2

- 8*5 m m 15,217 9 2

- 8*5 11,126 *5,217 9 2

- 5*5 9,906 14 2

- 1,300 *,815 22,584 7 6

22,880 19 2

- 36,864 9 7: 20,000 —

- - *5*768 S2 1 1 1

Whitehallitth January, 1744-.

\/J ByDire&ion of the Right Honourable Sir William songe Baronet, his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

78,523.13 4

224,344 4 2 32,491 1 8

79>745 8 9

499>936 9 7

Edward Lloyd> Deputy.

L.OO£le

i$ Geo. II. 11 jama703

ESTI MATE tit die Charge of his MajestyYForces In Flmders^ for the Year 174J.

(Third Troop of Guards Fourth Ditto -Second Troop of Grenadier Guards Royal Regiment of Guards Sir Philip Honywood's Regiment Sir John Ligonier's -

Dragoons. \

Foot.

Numbers.

l8l

181

176

535

535

3j8

Royal Regiment -Sir James Campbell's Brigadier General Sir Robert Rich's -Earl of Stair's Sir John Cope's

Three Battalions of Guards One Battalion of Major General St. Clair's Lieutenant General Howard's Regiment Major General Onslow's - -

Lieutenant General Barrell'9 -

Colonel Sowlt's - v - -

Colonel Duroure's -Major General Pultenef s Major General Hgtpard's Colonel Bligb's

Major General Campbells -

Major General Hujke's -Earl of Rothes's -

Major Genera/ Bragg's -

Brigadier General Handafyds -Brigadier General Skelton's Cokmel Fleming's Major General Ponjonbys Brigadier General Johnson*s Colonel Cholmondeley's -Lord Sempill's -

vLord Harry Beauclerk's -

Contingencies -

F orage and W aggon Money -

Total -

Pay of the Troops and Regiments.

.deduced, -There will remain in Flanders

L- d.

9

1 538 -

538 -

53* -

L 538 -

53* ' - -

1 538 -

1 — ' 3,228

U.3'5 -

977 -

977 -

977 -

977 -

977

977 -

977 ' -

977 - -

977 - -

977 -

977 -

977 -

977 -

'977 -

977 m m

977 .

977 -

977 - -

977 -

1,058 .

977 - " -

- - 22,913

f|-' 28,107 f

> 3.483 or.

24.624

16,54613 4

16,54613 4

10.743 3 4

36,019 8 4

36,019 8 4

24.339 8 4

23,618 1 to: 10

23,618: 10 10

*3i$i8 10 IO

6A 19 LO. I

'23,618 10 Ho

.-23,618 10 10

56,517 4 2

19*519 5 2

19.519 5 2

*9»5,9 5 2

*9,519 5 2

>9,519 5 2

J9.P9 5 2

i9»5'9 5 2

19,519 5 2

19.5*9 5 2

19.519 5 2

' 19.5*9 5 2

" 19.5*9 5 2

*9*5*9 5 2

' 19.P9 5 2

>9.5*9 5 2

i9.5*9 5 2

19.5*9 5 2

>9.5*9 5 2

i9,5'9 5 2

20,951 *7 8

*9-5*9 5 2

20,000

11,918 it '

TOTAL,

£ d.

140,214 ij —

Whitehall, nth Jan 1744

' I.

By Direction of the Right Honourable Sir William Tonge Baronet, his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Edward Lloyd, Deputy.

141,711 5

.....>

:-» o /

i mob-

467*54 5 2

31,918 u —

-£.[ 781,69816 2

Vol. 24.

Tadcaster Bridge, kc, Road.

704 11° Januarii. A. 1744.

E ST I MAT E of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Majesty's Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1745.

1

General and Staff Officers - -

Officers of the Hospital -

Forage to the General and Staff Officers

Total

Whitehall, nth January 1744*

By Dii;ection of the Right Honourable Sir William Yonge Baronet, his Majesty’s Secretary at War,

Edward Uoyd\ Deputy.

For 365 Days.

s. d.

8 4

7 6

- 3* 2 \o\

- 37,610 18 U

ESTIMATE of the Charge, of Teh Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1745.

r. ~ 1 ‘ - Numbers. Pay of the Regiments for 365 Days. TOTAL.

£ s. d.

Brigadier Wolfe's Regiment -; . - - . - - . - MS 5 -- - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Frafer's - - - _ - - !.*55 - - - 20,175 7 6

Brigadier Lowther's - "1 - . .; - i,i5S . - - - 20,175 7 6.

Colonelcy’s - - . -- \ - - i»>55 20,175 7 6

Colonel Cochran's '* . -; _ - hiSS - - - *o.i75 7 6

Colonel Cotterell's -: , - ' t - - . L - hiSS L - - - 20,175 7 6

Lieutenant General Cornewall's - , -. - . - 1.155 . - - - 20,175 7 6

Colonel Duncomb's { - - V ~ hi 55 - - - 510,175 7 6

Colonel Pawlett's - . - ’ -j - 1 MSS - - 20,175 7 6 ';

Colonel Jeffery's - , - - - - M55 - - - 20,175 7 6

j I ii,55° adr',753 15

Contingencies - ? ' - - , - 4,500

x , . 1 Total ~ - - - m ' - -£ 206*253 15

Whitehall,: 11th January 1)4^. "

By Direction of the Right Honourable Sir William Tonge Baronet, his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

| f Edward Lloyd, Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-to be perused by the Members of the House. " pear to them, to the House.

.;: " ;----- I And it is referred to Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Lascelles,

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Sir John of Turk:was prqfented to the House, and read; jfetting Rushout, Sir John Gordon, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. forth, That the High Road leading from Tadcafterffr ridge, Charlton, Sir Hum. Howorth, Sir James Grant, Sir Job# within the County of the City of York, to a Plate near Cdft, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Mujfenden, Lord Fortrofs, Mr. the said City, called/&£ Moor Lane End \ at] which Martin, Mr. Fellpwes, Mr Ellis, Mr. Carew, General Place the causey repaired by the said Qityvbeginsj being Onslow, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Mr. Grant,

Eight Miles and upwards; is the direct Road from Lon- Dd&ot* Butler, Mr. Henry Fox; and all the Members to the said City, and from thence |nto the Northern who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and North-Parts of this Kingdom; and is also the Toft Road be- umberland, and for iVbr/^ Britain; And they are to twixt London and Edinburgh; and that the1 same has, for meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s many Years, been greatly in Decay, and continues still in Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* so very ruinous a Condition, that his Majesty’s Subjects and Records, cannot pass and repass without great Danger and.Diffi-

culty (although the Towns adjacent to the said Road, Ordered, That Luke Robin/on Esquire be at Liberty to Hedon Elec

and who of Right ought to repair the fame, have, been withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election uon. lately at great Charge, over and above their Days Works and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of appointed by Law, and have expended large Sums of York.

Money in attempting to repair the fame); and cannot be

made good, without the Aid of Parliament: And there- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the HcJon Wri

fore praying, That the Petitioners may be enabled effec- Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the tually to repair and amend, and keep in Repair, the said Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Road, with such proper Powers and Privileges granted to for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York, in the them, as shall fully answer the Premises, and as to this room, of George Anson Esquire, who, since his Election House shall seem just; and that a Bill for the Purposes for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of aforesaid may be brought in the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Admiral of Great Britain. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine 10 Ordered,

18 Geo. II. ii* — 14°

Dr. Thomas Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Thomas, Residem

dcGrcdto t;ary of §aint paufs> be desired to preach before this prcac House, a1 'Sams Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the Thirtieth Day of this instant January: And that Major General Onslow, Mr. Godolphin, and Do6fcorL*£, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii II"1 Regis, 1744. Prayers.

Pale's Name. A PETITION of John Rose Esquire-, heretofore called JLX. John Pate, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth. That John Rose, late of Cotterstock, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 24th Day of November 1736, gave and devised his Estate, in the said Will particularly mentioned, to the Petitioner, by the Name and Description of John Pate, his Nephew, an Infant, and to the Heirs Male of the Petitioner’s Body, with other Remainders over; and, by the said Will, did direct, that the Petitioner should, as soon as he attained the Age of One-and-twenty Years, use his Endeavours to have his Surname of Pate legally changed or altered from Pate to Rose; and that the Petitioner hath attained the Age of One-and-twenty Years, and hath ever since, in Gratitude to the Testato*, and in Compliance with the Direction of his Will, taken and used the Surname ot'Rose; and is desirous that the said Surname be confirmed upon him, and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing on him, and his Issue, the said Surname of Rose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Crosse and Mr. Plumptre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Liws against The House was moved, That the Second and Third Gaming. Session of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the First Section of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his

— 15* Januarii. 705

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that Part of the Ninth Session of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Encrease of Horse Races; and for amending an Act, made in the last,.

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming: And that Mr. Carew and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in; the lame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon PFednesday Supply

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Meann whole House; to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 150 die Januarii;

Anno i8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744*

Pray e rs. '

MR. Ralvlinfon Earle presented to the House, pur- Ordnance suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate.

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1745, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Vol. 24.

8 R

An

706 150 Januarii. A. 1744.

An ESTlM ATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1745.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of ScorehOufes, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons* Rerits, Salaries, and incident Charges

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of Six Companies, with the Charge of the Academy for their lnftrindion -Pay of Two new Companies, with additional Officers, to the Six old Companies of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated 5th March 1743, and 30th July 1744 -

The Edablishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, 'Placentia, and North Britain -

The Establishment for the new Settlement at Rattan -The Edablishments for St. Johns, Ferry land, and Carboniere, in Newfoundland, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, the 19th July 1744 The Pay of Engineers sent to Georgia, South Carolina, Bahama Islands, Annapolis, Canso, and Jamaica - -

Pay of Officers who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions, and are lliperannuated.

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the"} ( Gibraltar-----

Fortifications repairing f J Mahon, -

Storehouses, and sup-f \ Annapolis, -

plying Stores, - -) Placentia, -

£ s. d.

38.835 7 6

19,508 10 10

6,192 16 8

n.574 5 5

2,428 —

2,404 10 10

2>009 — —

468 — TO

£ s. d.

10,coo-----

10,000 -

2,000 -

3,000-----

To replace the Powder, and other Stores, sent to Mahon in the Elizabeth Storeship, Henry Read Mader, taken by the French in her Passage thither -

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and other Attendants, with the Hire of Hcrfes and Waggons for the Trains of Artillery in the Austrian Netherlands ——

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Porifmouth -Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness and Gillinghani Fort Towards enlarging and repairing the Fortifications, and rebuilding the Barracks, at Landguard,

Fort - - ....

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at St. Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, and !Trinity Harbour, for the Security and Defence of the Filliery in Newfoundland, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council, 19th July 1744 -

Towards carrying on the Forts, Fortifications, and Barracks, for the new Settlement at Rattan To complete the Fortifications at Fort Augustus - 700 — —

Towards rebuilding the Barracks-at Fort William.....1,300-----

► 15,016 19 5

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre - -

E X C E E DIN G S, for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament.

Pay of Two additional Companies of Artillery, from ift January 1743, to

31st December 1744, by his Majesty’s Warrant, $th March 1743 - - 6,101 16

Ordnance and Stores sent for the Security and Defence of the Places under-mentioned: viz.

Daft Looe, Kings Lynn, Burlington, Sidmouth, Folkfione, Margate, Isle of Pur beck, East and West Teingmouth, and Shaldon, Milford Haven, 7 enby, and Bland of Guernsey - £ 6,403 13 9

New Hampshire, Ferryland, and Carboniere - - 8,613 5 8

Pursuant to several Orders of his Majesty in Council, dated 20th February 1741, 21st March 1743, 19th July, 9th August, 6th and 8th September,

1744- .

The Charge of the Train of Artillery, with Horses, Condu&ors, Artificers, and other necessary Attendants, fitted out for immediate Service, pursuant to his Majesty’sWarrants, dated 24th February, 5th March, and 13th April 1744 10,917 14 11

Tents delivered to Eight Regiments of Foot, One Regiment of Dragoons, and to the Dutch Forces, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated 13th February, 30th April, id, 10th, and 15th May 1744 -

Arms delivered to the First Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, Independent Companies at the Bahama and Bermuda Blands, the Regiment of Invalids, and those formed out of the Workmen of his Majesty’s Dock Yards, to the Two additional Companies, to the 21 Battalions in Flanders, the Regiment of Foot in Neva Scotia, together with Bedding for the fame; also Arms to several Regiments in lieu of those loft in actual Service, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, dated lft, 24th, and 30th March, 21st April,

23d and 31st July, and 6th September 1744 -

An additional Supply of Stores lent for the Service of his Majesty’s Forces and Train ot Artillery in the Austrian Netherlands - For sundry Services tending to put the several Forts at St. John's, in Newfoundland, in a proper Posture of Defence, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 12th March 1743 -....

2,014 7

83* 421 7 I

4 jfi

£5,000 10,487

45,000 — —

5.000 — —

3.000 — —

3.000 -

5,000-

2,500

2,000

10,600

16,005 12 — 15,870 4 6

2,500-----

George Wade, ft. WilkinJ'on?

Tho. Lascelles, W. R. Earle.

Geo. Gregory,

68,426 14 6*

263,435 6 1

Office of

Coroner.

Borough-bridge koaei.

18 Geo. II.

T

16° Januaril

707

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Laws in being relating to the Office of Coroner; and to report their Opinion to the House what further Provisions or Alterations may be proper to be made therein:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Carew, Sir John Philipps, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Norris, Sir Richard War. Bampfylde, Sir Wm. Court nay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Turner, Mr. Jenyns, Admiral Tozvnjend, Sir John Mo/tjworth, Mr. Campbell, Sir Nicholas Williams, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon. Lord Baltimore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Knight, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Crew, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Harris, Mr. Legh, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Arjcott, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Rijhout, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Blackett, Mr. If 'eft, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Crovaile, Mr. Montague, Mr. Foley, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Prowje, Mr. lor he, Lurd Perceval, Sir Robert Gr often or, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir James Grant, Mr. Br ere ton, Mr. Waller, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Glynn; and all the Members who serve for Counties; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants within the Coun-. ties of* York and Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, and through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, being the common Post Road from London to Edinburgh, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the fame, without Danger: And therefore, in regard the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, without the Aid of an Act: of Parliament (the Inhabitants of the several Parities through which the said Road leads being not of Ability to amend the fame), praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. liedworth, Mr. James Shiu-tleworth, Mr. Turner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Strange, Admiral Tozvnjend, Mr. Croivle, Mr. Boives, Mr. Brereton, Sir Hugh Smithson,

Mr. Tcmpefi, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Barrington,

Lord Perceval, Sir John Rujhoiit, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hungerford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and West mor land, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Morion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and c lon* Elections, to whom the Petition of Richard Lloyde Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, is referred; and who have appointed the said Petition to be heard before them upon the Twenty-levenrh Day of March next;

That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the Twenty-seventh Day of February next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas, fl<?'fr 125.

L'ir. Sydenham: y J

fSir Harry Lid dill. Tellers for the Noes,< Mr. Campbell of Pem-( brokcshire.

So it passed in the Negative.

1

162.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of tht this Day Fortnight. House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Leave of Town, without the Leave of the House. Absence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 16° die Januarii;

Anno 18® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744*

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Ilorne, from Greenwich the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended HofptwL at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate, between the First of December j 743, and 30th of November 1744; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read*

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

16th January 1744.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe\ requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finiffiing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

THE Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, Do humbly report as followeth:

Vol. *4

There

Camtputeei.

Hedon. &c. Road«.

Ditto

708 16* Januarii.

*744-

There has been received, between ift December 1743, and 30th November 1744, out of the Rents

and Profits of the Estate.....- -

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In Queen Marys Court,

The Plinths of the Columns are cut down level with the Paving in the intended Kitchen; the digging and making Drains there, and carrying out Rubbish; the fitting up Four Cabins in the North West Corner Room in the Ground Floor of the South Building, including Bedsteads, Chests, Stools, Fire-grate, Fender, Tongs, Shotfel, and Poker; the Paving in the great Kitchen, an J at the Entrance from the intended Dining Hall to the said Kitchen, the Frames, Salhes, and Glass, in Five Windows in the East Front of the Kitchen, and the rough Pur beck Paving on the ‘South Side of the Sooth Building; are all finished and brought to Account; which amount to the Sum of One hundred Eighty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence -

The ordinary Works done this Year amount to the Sum of One thousand One hundred Twenty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence -

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on Account of Repairs, between the lit December 1743, and the 30th November 1744 -

And, by Hercules Baker Esquire, late Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest due to them on the Sum of £. 25,900, at £. 4 per Cent, which was advanced by them to pay off Incumbrances on the Derwent water Estate, for the like Sum; Part of which was at £. j, and the other at £. 6 per Cent. per Annum Interest -

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd. Horne.

£. s. d. 7,984 15 2$

184 !J 9

1.123 13 u

M O 00 ] 9 8

4 52. i. si

1,036. -

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House*

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Crowle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Hedon in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To £rove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were called:

John Find, George Hopton, and Rickard James: Who being severally examined, said, That they know the Road leading from a Gate next the Township of Thorngtimbald in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, called Sacred Gate, being the Extent of the Liberty of Hedon, on the South East Side of the said Town; and through the said Town of Hedon to the Bridge over the River Hull, called Hull North Bridge; which is the great Road from the East End and other Parts of Holderness ta the Town of Kingston upon Hull: That the same is, in many Parts thereof (except through the Streets of Hedon), through the Nature of the Soil, which is a deep Clay, and, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, become so deep and ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, Travellers cannot pass and repass through the fame, without great Danger:

And further said, That if the said Road, which is about Eight computed Miles in Length, was amended, and kept in good Repair, the same would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country, and to the Public in general.

And they also said, That although it is visible the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Towniliips, rhrough which the said Road leads, have been at considerable Expences, over and above their Statute-work, in amending that Road; yet the same hath proved ineffectual, and cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Glergy, and Freeholders, inhabiting in Holderness, and 20

other Parts of the East Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from a Gate next the Township of Yhorngiimbald in Holderness, in the East Riding of the Countv of York, called Sacred Gate, being the Extent of the Liberty of the Town of Hedon, in the said Riding, on the South East Side of the said Town of Hedon, and, through the same Town, to the Bridge over the River Hull, commonly called Hull North Bridge, is Part of the great Highway from the East End and other Parts of Holderness aforesaid to the Town of Kingston upon Hull: That the said Road, in most Parts thereof, except through the Streets of Hedon aforesaid, is, through the nature of the Soil, and by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so deep and ruinous, that, in Winter*time, Travellers cannot pass thereon, without great Danger; and that the Amending thereof would be of great Convenience and Benefit to the Public; and that although the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Town mips, through which the said Road lies, have been yearly act'efied, and paid several considerable Sums of Money for the repairing thereof, besides having done their common Day-woiks therein; yet it hath been found by Experience, that it cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some further Provision be made for raising Money, to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, except through the Streets of Hedon aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, through the said Town, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Hull North Bridge: And that Mr, Crowle, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Berkeley, and Major General Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Lumley be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants within the Counties of York and Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered,

He ion, Roads.

Boron eMring* Ro-d.

Supply.

x8 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1745, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane fook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several ftesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to moye, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Mcain. ing neXt> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'jfovisy 17® die Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIJ| Regis, 1744. Prayers.

c’tNane. C IR John Crojfe presented to the House, according to O Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing on Pate Esquire, and his Ilfue, the Surname of Rose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relbiutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read , and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great Britain, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight effectice Men (Commission and Non-commission Officers included), be employed for the Service of the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Ninety-nine thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of the Fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight effectice Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great,

and Jersey, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-five thousand and Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year *745-

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 24.

7 °9

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Four hundred Twenty-six Pounds Fburteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Conyngkam Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 21st Day of November, in the Second Year of the Reign of King and

Queen Mary (when it was resolved, " That in the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, " those Inhabitants only, who pay Scotland Lot, have ‘f a Right to give Voices in the Election of Burgesses to " serve in Parliament for the said Borough") was also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And a Copy of the Poll, taken at the Jail Eiedion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Great Marlow, was produced.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having infilled, that the Sitting Member, Mr. Ockenden, was not qualified to be elected according to the Ad, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Ame, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons;

The Particular, or Rental, delivered in by the said Sitting Member to the Clerk of this House, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, made for that Purpose, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having offered to produce, in Evidence, the original Will of Elias Simes, in order to prove to whom, and subject to what Charges, Part of the Estate claimed by the said Sitting Member, and mentioned in the said Particular, or Rental, by him delivered, was devised:

And an Instrument, as the original Will of Elias Simes, being produced by John Merchant', who declared, that he brought the same from Doctors Commons; and that the same was subscribed by Three Witnesses;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member objected, that the Counsel for the Petitioner not having offered to prove the Execution of that Will, by One of the subscribing Witnesses, the said Instrument ought not to be read in Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having been heard in Answer to the Objection;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having been heard in Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, being asked how the said Will is dated, alleged, that the same bears Date upon the 8th Day of July 1738.

The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That an Instrument, in Writing, offered in Evidence by 8 S the

16® — x 70 Januarii.

Great

Marlow

E led ion*

Ditto.

7io

17* — 18" Janmrii. A. i 744.

the Counsel for the Petitioner, as the original Will of Elias Simes, bearing Date the 8th Day of July 1738, and

containing a Devile of Lands, and produced at the Bar by John Merchant, as the original Will of Elias and which he the said John Merchant declared he brought from Doflors Commons, be admitted to be given in Evi-

' dence, although no Proof be made of the said Will by any of the subscribing Witnesses thereto;

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the 17th Day of April 1735, in relation to the Evi-. dence admitted to be read in Support of the Objection made to the Qualification of the Sitting Member for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, and in relation to the Resolutions of the Committee of Privileges and Elections agreed to by the House, in the same of the Election for the said Borough might

be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the Question being put, That an Instrument, in Writing, offered in Evidence by the Counsel for the Petitioner as the original Will of Elias , bearing Date the 8th Day of July 1738, and containing a Devise of Lands, and produced at the Bar by John Merchant, as the original Will of Elias Simes, and which he the said John Merchant declared he brought from DoSlors

mons, be admitted to be given in Evidence, although no Proof be made of the said Will by any of the subscribing Witnesses thereto;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

223.

I'11"5 for ttaNoe4 M luw }‘73-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the said Will of Elias Simes, being again produced by the said John Merchant, was. brought up; and Part thereof was read.

And the Will of John Simes, dated the 25th Day of October 1739, produced also in like manner by the said John Merchant, was also read; in order to reduce the

Value of another Hart of the Estate claimed by the said Sitting Member, and mentioned in the said Particular, or Rental, by him delivered.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Conyngham Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 18° dieJanuarii; Anno 18° Georgii lldi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Scropepresented to the House, pursuant to their SimMa Addvcfs to his Majesty;

Surplusses Hated at Lady-day1744: And aUc, Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1744.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk presented to the House, pur- Kin suant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1745.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session: And the Abstract thereof is as follows; viz.

AB STR A CT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Nary, for the Year 1745.

N® 1.1 To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 8ec. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries,

2.

3

4-

5-

6.

7-

S.

9-

10.

11.

12. *3->4-

*5-

Superannuated Sea Officers -Pensions, and other Allowances

Yards.

’ Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich -

| Portsmouth -

1 Sheerness -

L Plymouth - -

Muster Mailers, and other Officers of the Out Ports -Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein Charge of the Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and Buildings, i3c. -

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

L s. d.

- 10,343 17 9>

- 3.388 I M

- 3»5°7 7 O

11 4

8 8 V

4,298 *4 6

4 6

m 9m lo 6 J

- -

of the Docks, Wharfs,

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1745 r To which may be added.

Towards building an Hospital near Portsmouth, and purchasing Land on which the same is to be

erected, and the necessary Walling attending the lame, there will be wanted, for the Year 1745 For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country; there being now One thousand Seamen maintained in the said Hospital , and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen -, and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1745; Ten thousand Pounds -

jT. r.

37.653 H 1 13.73I ‘9 5

17,823 16 8

7,370 1 10

21,081 13 4 10, J94 2 6 17,003 — -

62,617 — —

*2,000 — T

200,479 9 10

12,000 — —

10,000 — — 222,479 9 10

and

18 Geo. II 18* — 220 Januarii. 711

AND then the TOTAL of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1745, amounts to Two hundred Twenty-two thousand Four hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence.

kd. Haddock, Ac worth,

F. Gajhry, G.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Mean*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by lhe Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

lapply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

CreatMarlow The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petition of Henry Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks. 1

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to prove by whom, since the Death of John Simes, whose Will was Yesterday by them produced, the Rents of Part of the Estate claimed by the Sitting Member, Mr. Ocken-den, and mentioned in the Particular, or Rental, by him delivered, have been received;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member acquainted the House, that as they doubted not to prove the Sitting Member to be legally qualified by the Addition of the Estates claimed by him, and mentioned in the Second Part of the Particular, or Rental, by him delivered, they did not intend to trouble the House with entering into the Title, Amount, or Value, of any of the Estates comprised in the Wills of John and Elias Simes, which were objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioner; but that they would rely upon the Value of such Part of the Estate comprised in the said Wills, and claimed by the said Sitting Member, and mentioned in the First Part of the Particular, or Rental, by him delivered, as is admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioner to belong to the said Sitting Member.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to reduce the Value of another Part of the Estate claimed by the said Sitting Member, and mentioned in the Secofid Part of the Rental, or Particular, by him delivered.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that great Violences were committed by a Mob in the Streets of the said Borough at the time of the Election; and that the Tythingmen, appointed by the Returning Officers to guard the Door of the Place where the Poll was taken, denied Access to several Persons who claimed a Right to vote at the said Election.

Vex 24.

J. Clevland, Witt. Corbett, Alex. Geddes, J. Compton.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that One of the Returning Officers, who chiefly acted in taking the Poll at the said Election, was guilty of Patriality; that the Poll was hastily closed, and a Scrutiny denied, in Breach of an Agreement entered into during the time of the Election.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, some as not having been rated, One as not having paid the Rates, and some as having received Alms.

And they having proposed to disqualify another Person who voted for the said Sitting Member, as having been induced to give his Vote both ,by Threats and Promises:

And they having proposed to prove that Fact by Evidence of the Confdfion of the said Person;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member objected to the Admission of that kind of Evidence.

And the Counfei for the Petitioner having been heard in Answer to that Objection:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and the Counsel for the Petitioner were directed to proceed in their Evidence.

Then they examined a Witness, in order to prove what the said Person had confefied concerning his Inducement to vote for the Sitting Member.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioner several Persons who tendered their Votes for him at the said Election, and were re-jedted.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having finrlhed their Evidence:

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Conyngham Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, be adjourned till Tuef-day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Marti:j 2 20 die Januarii;

Anno iS# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Crowle reported from the Committee, to whom Kingsloa the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the upon hujj Town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town Road, of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of in

the County of the said Town of Kingston upon was

committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyhad directed him to reportto the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

- and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition

712

12° Januarii.

A. 17

A Petition of the Corporation of Governor, Deputy laws: That, by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, of the Poor in the in the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Rogues, to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Vagabonds, &c. no Matter of any Pacquet Boat, Ship, Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, or Vessel, bound to Ireland, &c. is compelled to take on an Act of Parliament passed for erecting of Hospitals board more than One Vagrant for every Twenty Tons and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the Burthen of such Boat, Ship, or Vessel; whereby many better Employing and Maintaining of the Poor thereof; Vagrants muff lie, for Opportunities of Passage, at the . by which Act, the said Corporation had, and {till hath, great Expence of this Corporation, unless the Tonnage, the whole Care of all the Poor in the said City com- in that respect, be lessened for this Port; all which, the mitted to them; and thereby Power was given them said Corporation humbly conceives, would be for theEafe to raise, for the Maintenance of the Poor, any Sum not and Benefit of the said Corporation, and general Good of

exceeding what had then been paid in the said City towards the Maintenance of the Poor in any of the then Threelaft Years; which Sum amounted to, and was then agreed to be, the yearly Sum of Two thousand Three hundred Seventy-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence: That, several Years, the said Corporation proceeded on such Foot, till they found that such Sum proved infuffi-

the City: And therefore praying, That the House would take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in, and pass the House, for the above Purposes; or for granting such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

cient: That they therefore petitioned this House for a the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (hallappear larger annual Supply; which was granted them by an Act to them, to the House:

of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne; by which Act, Power was given to the said Corporation to raise such further Sum of Money as should not, together with the before-mentioned Sum of Two thousand Three hundred Seventy-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five Pence, exceed the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred Pounds: That, of late Years, notwithstanding the utmost Diligence and Care of the said Corporation, by reason of the great Decay of Trade and Manufactures, and also the Lois of many Matters and Fathers of Families in the War, by Sea and Land, against France and Spain, leaving numerous poor Families behind them; the great Increase of Buildings and Inhabitants in this City, and otherwise; the Poor hath greatly increased; whereby the said Sum hath proved insufficient, and the Corporation is brought about Two thousand Pounds in Debt: That, for continuing the Provision for the Poor in the same Method it now is, and which the said Corporation humbly conceives to be far the most beneficial and ealy for this City, there will be wanting an

And it is referred to Mr. Hoblytt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. A:or borne,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. White, Sir James Grant, Mr. Williams, Mr. Carew, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Moun-

tague, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Dodington, Lord Granard,

Mr. Proivfe, General Onjlow Lord , Mr.

Powney, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John , Mr. South-

well, Sir John Johnsion, Sir Roger Sir Roger

Burgoyne, Sir Edward Leering, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chetvjynd, Mr. Moore, Mr. Court nay. Sir Wm. Courtnay, Sir William Calvert, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Best, Mr. Strowd, Mr. Bla-grave, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grey, Mr. Che/ler, Sir John Chapman, Sir Francis Dashwood, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Thomas Watson, Mr. Benjamin Bathurst, Lord Barrington, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Miles Stapylton, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Winford, Sir ‘Thomas Drury, Sir Robert Grosvenor-, and all the Members who serve for

Addition of about Seven hundred Pounds per Annum to the Counties of Somerset, and Wilts: And they

the said annual Sum, this Corporation is already impowered are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the to receive; and also the further Sum of Two thousand Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-Pounds, to be raised in Four Years, to discharge the Ions, Papers, and Records.

Debts already contrafted by the said Corporation, and

Rill owing and increasing; and that the said Corporation further humbly conceives, that a Clause, to oblige Six of the present Assistants to serve a Second Year, and so, for the future, those Six, who shall hereafter have served but

The House being informed, that Mr. Edward Lloyd, Deputy Secretary at War, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Efti-

One Year, not to be discharged from being Assistants till mate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plan they shall have served Two Years successively, under such tations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1745. Penalty as to this Houseshall feemmeet; would be of great And then he withdrew.

Use for the carrying on the Business of the said Corpora- And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

tion; and also a Clause for enabling the General Courts, The said Estimate is as follows;

from time to time to be holden, to give a Committee Power to set down, in their Committees, the Weekly and other Payments to the Poor, and to settle and adjust all

Accounts relating to the said Corporation, subject to the further Order of a General Court; and also a Clause for enabling the said Corporation to recover, by Distress and Sale, the Fines imposed, or to be imposed, by their By-

EftifnaK

Eftiofe <r

Foaei ii Plantauoa

Office of Coroner.

18 Geo. II. a a" Januarii. 1 713

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1745.

Mnmhm. Pay of the Regiments, TOTAL.

In the PLANTATIONS. Elfe. for 36$ Da) s.

1. J- d. L s. do

Lieutenant General Dalzs Regiment - m 815 - 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant’General Philipps'% - - 815 - 18,987 2 6

Brigadier Oglethorpe % - - 804 - 15*435 *5 —

Colonel Trelawney’s - - M57 - 20,969 5 —

Four Independent Companies at New York - 445 - 7,141 16 8

One Company at Bermudas - - - 58 - 1,049 7 6

One Company in the Island of Providence - - *5° - 2,466 15 10

Three Companies at South Carolina - - 342 - 5,666 12 6

— 4.5 8 6 86,934 4

Gamfons at Annapolis Royal, Canso> and Placentia, and

St. John's - 74° 1 8

Officers of the Garrison at Rattan - 936 16 1

In MINORCA.

Major General Read1 s Regiment - 815 - 15,217 9 2

Brigadier IVy ward's - - 8*5 - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Offardl's- m 815 - 15,217 9 2

Major General Anfiruther s - - 8,5 — m 15,217 9 2

Colonel Graham's - - 815 - 15,217 9 2

4>°75 76,087 5 TO

Officers of the Garrison, 6,700 S 9

In GI

Colonel Fowke's Regiment - m 8 x5 - 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant General Hargrave's - 815 - 15,381 14 2

Lieutenant General Columbine's - 8x5 - 15,217 9 2

Major General Fuller’s - - - - 815 - 15,217 9 2

Colonel Houghton's - - 815 \ 15,217 9 2

4»°75 76,251 10 10

Officers of the Garrison, (Ac. - - - - 3.749 12 3*

Provisions for Lieutenant General Phillipps's Regiment

in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, and Placentia;

deducting 4 d.per Diem out of the Subsistence of each

Non-commission Officer and private Man towards

that Expence; Remains to be borne by the Government ----- 2,839 7 n

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar - - 30,000 — —

Provisions for Brigadier Oglethorpe's Regiment at Georgia - - 2,445 10 —

Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence - - 456 5 —

Provisions for the Companies at Rattan - - - i>387

37.i*8 a 11

Total - - . 12,736 - - - 290,528 3

War-Office, 22d January 174*-.

IVill.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, appointed to consider of the Laws in being relating to the Office of Coroner; and to report their Opinion to the House what further Provisions or Alterations may be proper to be made therein; That the Committee had considered the said Laws, accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Office of Coroner is an antient Office at Common Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Office ought to be executed by Persons sufficient, having Lands of Freehold within the County wherein they execute such Office.

Vol. 24.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Coroners ought to have reasonable Satisfaction for executing their said Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Satisfaction ought to be paid to the said Coroners by the Treasurers of each respective County, to be repaid to the said Treasurers out of the County Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Election of such Coroners ought to be by Freeholders having Lands of Forty Shillings per Annum, as in the same of Election of Knights of the Shire.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Way* mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committechad directed him toreport to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

8 T Resolved,

714 2 Y — 1 V6 Jan H. 1744

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty* the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1745, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and alhCyder and Perry which shall be nude for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1745, to the 24:11 Day of June 1746.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the v said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Crowley Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Anmdell, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pawnbrokers ref0jve hlclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttrfday Morning noct, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Great The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the E1*6T<T Matter of the Petition of Henry Gov.yngham Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

And t:hc Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard; and examined several Wit tie lies, and produced Evidence, in order toestablifhthe Value of the several Estates claimed by him, and mentioned in the Second Part of the Particular, or Rental, by him delivered.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that no Violences were.committed at the time of the Election; that the Returning Officers were impartial; that the Poll was duly doled; and that the Denial of a Scrutiny was not in Breach of any Agreement entered into during the time of the Election.

And a Member of the House, who was present at the said Election, did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning the Manner of the Election, and the Behaviour of the Returning Officers.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Henry Conyngham Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Mar low, in the County of Bucks, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Borough- /f R- Hedworth reported from the Committee, to bridge Road, jJVA whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants within the Counties of York and Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Houfi:; and he read the Report in his

2Q

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Allen, being examined, said, That the Road from Borough-bridge through Northallerton, in the County of York, and through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, is in a very ruinous Condition: That many Parts thereof are, in the Winter Season, byreason of the Depth of the Soil, very dangerous; and that several Accidents have happened to Travellers] and the Wheels of Carriages been frequently broke, in attempting to pass through the said Road:

That if the Inhabitants, besides their Statute-work* which they have constantly performed, were to beaffdTed at-Six Pence in the Pound yearly, to be applied towards amending the said Road, it would not be sufficient to keep the same in Repair.

Mr. John Parker, being examined, said, That he ha$ often known the Road from Borough-bridge to the River Tees impassable; and that the Road from the River Tees to Durham islikewife in a very bad Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Borortgk-bridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham: And that Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Bowest Sir Myles Stapylton, Mr. Turner, and Mr.- Van:, do prepare, and bring in, - the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkin have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Muniy Dwl, esoa Cycler, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called r* &c‘ England.; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1745: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House guppfy; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resoluiions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered,

CrwtMfcrlow

'Election.

Disposition i Gin.is.

iS Ge 6.IL

Ordered, That Henry Conyngham Esquirebeat Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow^ in the County of Bucks.

And then the House adjourned till To-monovfr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Januarii;

Anno 18° Georgii lldl Regis, 1744. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bowm, from the Treasuryj attended at the Door j

715

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, ati Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Yeas 1744, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the j22d Day of January 1744.; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows i viz.

23d — 24° Januarii,

AN

VOL. 24.

o

o

c§

FT

Am ACCOUNT, /hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1744, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the ni Day of January 1744‘i

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

services.

For the Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 40,000 Men, for 13 Months, beginning the First Day of January 1743 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sca-Officers ——

For the Freight of Transports, between the iff January 1742, and the 31st December 1743 -

Towards Expence of Viauals, provided for his Majesty’s Land Forces, between the id January 174*2, and the 31st December 1743 -

Towards the Support of Greenwich IIospital.*....

g f For O

S J FnrU

*!a,) For <h q L For A

'For Ordnance, Sea Services -

.'rd nance, Land Services -

defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -q L* or Artillery People and Stores, provided for by the Office of Ordnance, to secure the new Settlement at Rattan, for the Year 1744 -

in Flanders, for the Year 1744

for Provisions for the Garrisons of

Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Rattan, for the Year 1744 -

For defraying the Charge 0^5,513 Iiorfe and 10,755 Foot of the Troops of Hanover {together with the General Officers and Train of Artillery), in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 26th Day of December 1743, to the 25th Day of December 1744, both inclusive -On Account of the extraordina.y Charges of the Troops serving in Flanders, Annis 1742 and 1743, not provided for by Parliament - For the Charges of two Troops of Rangers, One Highland Company, together with the Charge of Half Gallies, or Schooners, Sailors, and

5 j Boatmen, to be employed in Georgia, for the Year 1744.-

o \ On Account of extrordinary Services incurred in Georgia* for the Preservation and Defence of his Majesty’s Dominions on the Continent of America, from 22d October 1738* to the 29th September 1743, not provided for by Parliament ——

For the Pay and Forage of the General and Staff* Officers, and for the Pay of the Officers of the Hospital in Flanders, for the Year 1744 For providing 351 Horses loft at the Battle of Dettingen -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences and Services of his Majesty’s Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1743. not provided for by Parliament -

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1744 -

For Pensions for the Year 1744, to the Willows of Officers married before Christmas 1716 ——

Towards defraying the extaordinary Charge of Forage, Waggon-money, and other Expences incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1744 ——

d.

Sums granted.

Sums paid.

To make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the King of Sardinia* pursuant to Treaty ——

To make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, and for Support of the House of jlujlria, and restoring the Balance of Power in Europe -

For defraying the Charge of 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Y’ear 1744 ——

rTo the Navy -To the Marines

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants Anno 1743; viz.

62,174

57*759

E / To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michae]mas 1743 -

0 ' To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1742 To replace to the Sinking Fund the like. Sum paid thereout, for One Year’s Interest, due on or before 5th ?iovember 1743, on the principal Sum of/,*. 1,200,000, knt oa Credit of the Salt Duty, towards the Supply of the Year 1741 ——

i>9/6,oooo

192,834 10 9

*7 7

10,970 2 si

104,000

165,428 *4 7

73*924 7 7i

12,102 — 2

634*344 11 4

561*794 5 5l

274,830 *7 3*

393*773 6 1

524,023 8 3

19*168 18 4

66,109 *3 10

37*703 17 7*

5*460 — —

20,959 4 5i

3*695 12 —

3>8i2 —

100,000 — —

d.

2,200,279 10 qI 10,000-----

355.455 ® 4i

d.

Remaining Whe paid.

2,2.1,934 11 ij

323.924 7 7}

119.934 4 4$

55*827 16 3*

4*39* 19 5

42,000 — —

2>®73»675 14 T

200,000 -

300,000 — — 206,806 10

2,638,806 15 9

200.000 —

300.000 — —

48.494 3 4

£ d-

8.344 *

3>.53« *4 9

34,863 18 io|

58,313 6 8

6fL 1 'v ‘tuffnupQ

D

(Q

i — h

n'

cd

CL

cr

c

o

o§

rT

13»®7° 7 — 142,600 2 71

89,401 17 5

.1

'o replace to the Sinking Fundi the Uke-Sum paid thereout, to make good^ the Deficiency of the Doty on Victuallers, ifc. at Midsummer 1743, at. which time the'ffti$ Duty was determined, and the Sum of £.418,406 charged thereon, ttansferredjto the Duties on Licences to sell spirituous Liquors, of ifrpngWatiirsrbyr Retail - -

To replace to the Sinking Rvnd the Tike-Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency, of the Duty of 1afh, a Barrel on Sweets, fre* at Michaclmat 1743 - - . -n, - -' -

To make good the Deficiortoy. of M^ll 1742, at Lady1 day 1744 -

, To make good the Deficiency cdHhelEand Tax 17qv^tAlidtuQlnfes 1744 -: " -

!Towards repairing and finifiiing^the Collegiate Church erf St. Oder's, Westminster - -

For the Repair of the Parish Church of Su John the Evarigelijl - . - -

Towards building the Bridge aciofs the Thames, from tike City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, fyc. ——

Towards Maintenance of the British frorts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coast(of Africa -

To the Marriage-Portion of the -Princbfsof Denmark, One of his Majesty’s Daugfiiers - - - - -

For Praemios, by wavof Rebate* to the Contributors to the Annuities, amounting to£.1,200,000, granted last Session of Parliament, transferrable at the Bank - For Discount to the Enjl India COmp&tiy ot so much as the Interest of £.3per Cent amounts to on the £.1,000,000 paid by them, before the 29th September last, into the Exchequer* - - - - - - 1

ForRewards to the Cashiers of the Bank for receiving the £.1,200,000 transferrable there; as also the Contributions to the Lottery for £.600,000; and for theCharge of passing their Accounts thereof; and for Rewards and incident Charges attending the drawing the said lottery, and delivering out Certificates, byEftimation Towards payment of Subsidies, due upon Treaties made with his Majesty’s Allies, and other Expences for the Service of the War, for any time before, and until, 25th December 1744, by virtue of a Power given to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, appropriating the Monies therein granted

; -: - Ways and Kleins, ri

- £. -«.^.r* ?: - ».

2.000. 000 — ' — - By the Land Tax’1744c- .1

750.000 By.the^Malt Duty 174*4. '

1.200.000. . — By Anriuitfesat £. 3 per Cent. at the Bank.

600.000 — By aL^ttqry.X-

1.000. 000--- Advanced by the East India Company.

*. 1,000,000 — By the-Sipking Fund.',; -

’.i - $6,poo By Coinage of Mouey^n the Exchequer.

-5 ?'

77,521 1 5 3J

"Towards which there remains; Of the Annuities at £. 3 pePCent. at the Bunk -Of Contributions to the Lottery -

And then the Deficiency of the Grants wiU be -

2,^77 u ^763, 118

3.^ Deficiency, as on the other Side.

3

r;

>' :\ g

i -*

: I

K

C

ThisNA<^o^t, stated iivObectience to his Majest^V Commands, upon an Address of this *; Hottfe, isbunably presented, this 24th Day of January 4$, by

f M" . T/iomas Bowen.

£. s. d. t-t 00

O w

34,864 18 4 0

15,000 — — HH HH

182,921 18 3x

5.500 — —

177,421 1# 3J H

g,

1=

i;

oc '

v

? ': i

1 \ -

'> rj - v

.. H*

H-t

vl

St -

Ml

2

:\e->

7i 8 $4 JanuariL'^1744.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Borough* Mr. Hedworth presented to the House, according to -bridge Road. Oder, a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridgefm the County of York, through North-allerlon, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees; and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pate* Name. A Bill for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his Issue, the Surname of Rose, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Crojfe, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir John Turnery Sir John Barrington, Mr. West, Lord Gagey Mr. Plumptrey Mr. Carewy Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Pratty Sir James Grant, Admiral Mathews, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gulf on. Sir Miley StapyJton, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Ockenden, Colonel Holmes, told Perceval, Mr. OJbaldefon, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Carteret, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr; Mellish, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Turner, Sir John Cuf; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St.Margaret’s Sir John 7urner reported from the Committee, to whom

Church, in the Bill to enable the Parishioners.of the Parish of St.

King’s Lynn. Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money by Hates upon themselves, for Hnishing the Church of the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardssdeiivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerics Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Duties on* Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain, called ‘ Malt, Sec. England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mojn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place ^nd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wher$ the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. ’ \ I

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seven hundred Eighty-one thOujfand Six hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Sixteep Shilling* and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twenty-eight Chfcufand One hundred and Seven effective Men, Commission and Non-commis-20

fion Officers included, for the Service -sof the War in Flanders, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-feveri thousand Six hundred and Ten Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight P$nce Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay anid Forage of the General and Staff' Officers^ and like-wife for the Pay of the Officers of the Hospital, serving with his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, Tor the Year 1 745.

Rjefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ThaJ: Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marini Commission and Non-commission Officers included, employed for the Year 1744, be continued For the Service of the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not ^xc^eding Two hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be, granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines; Commission and Non-commission Officers in- r. eluded, for the Service of the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Si^ty-five thousand Xw hundred Sixty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fyud for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1744. "

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this* Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Ntaety-fitve Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted; to his Majesty, to replace te the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency of this additional Stamp Duties at Chrifmas 1743.’

Resolved, That it is tile Opinio ri of this Committee

That a Sum, not exceedingThirteen thousand'Nine hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two.

Pence Halfpenny, be granted tolhis Majesty,’t6 replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid ouf of the faqae to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of \ifk z Barrel on Sweets, or Wines rrrade from Brit(/k: o,r foreign Fruits or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1744.* ,

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questio& severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House. -

Ordered, That Leave . be given to bring’ in a Billie* County explain and amend the rLaws touching the Ele&Lons of Eie&jons. Knights of the Shire to fervq in Parliament Fot that Part of Great Britain called England:. And that-r.Mr. Car&w,

Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Comewall, Sir Waikin WilHaivf Wynne, Mr. Fazakeriey, Mr. Sydenham, and (Sir Jdhn Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the femeu

The House-proceeded; according to Order, to take Office of into further Confederation the Report from, the Com-=. Coroner, mittee, appointed to consider of the Laws jh. begig re* iatmgto the Office of Coroner.; ~ ... ’ j

And the Resolutions of the said Committee, r<^oftec| to the House upon Tuesday last, being severally read-av Secoind time, were, upon the Question severally put there-, upon, Agreed to by the House. f. r- '

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in purJuaqt to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Carew, JV$r. Yhpmar Gopy Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Comewall, and Sir John Philippsi, do prepare, and bring in, ihfc fame.

The other Order of the Day being read; - - " -:

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Pawnbroker* the Bill ;tnore effectually to prevent the Receiving of ftokn Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers.

And then the" House adjourned till 'To-monow Morning, Nifie of the Clock. ’ ’ -

Churcher’s Donation to Petersfield College.

18 Geo. II. 25° Jammu 715

Veneris, 25® die Janttarii;

Anno 18* Georgii IIai Regis, 1744. Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of John tfayland of Southwark in the County of Surrey, Tobacconist, Charles Cole of Ly/s, John Cowper of Ditcham, Thomas Bates of Alton, John Jelliffe of Petersfield, NortonPoivlet of Rotherfield\ ail in the County of Southampton, Esquires, and John Trodd of Pc-tersfield aforesaid, Surgeon, Trustees for certain charitable Uses and Purposes mentioned in the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Richard Churcher made his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the 16th Day of January 17 22, and thereby gave, devised, and bequeathed, unto Robert Mitchel Esquire, Mr. Serjeant Miller, Lewis Buckle Esquire, Doctor John Bette/' worth, Mr. George Aylmer Clerk, Mr. John Hyland, and his Brother Adam Churcher, the Sum of Three thousand Pound, Capital Stock in the Bank of England\ with all the Interest thereon that should be due on the Day of his Decease, for the Establishing of a College in the Borough of Petersfield, confiding of a Master and Ten or Twelve Boys, as the Trustees should judge most convenient, according to the annual Income; the Boys to be taken out of, and belonging to the Borough of Petersfield., of any Age from Nine to Fourteen, being healthful Boys, and whose Parents would give, Security to the Trustees to oblige their Sons, as jnuch as in them lay, to be bound Apprentices unto Mailers of Ships that make, their Voyages to the East Indies, after they had been educated in the Arts of Writing, Arithmetic, and the Mathematics, chiefly that Part of it which relates to Navigation, and after they had their Diet, Cloathing, and Tutorage, free at the Bounty of the Founder of the said College# which should be called by the Name of Churcher'$ College; and that, in order to purchase an Edifice built, or to build one of new Materials, capable of receiving a Matter and Ten or Twelve Boys, and that the Xnjiloes might be enabled to perfect the College, and to give Encouragement to the Pupils wl>ilft under Tutorage, or when bound Apprentices, for convenient Cloathing, &c. be gave to the above-named Trustees the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be paid by his Executor lb soon after his Decease as the Trustees should find it necefliry to complete the College; and his Will was, the following Articles and Rules should be observed; viz. " That, upon the Death of any of the afore-named Trustees, ttaefe of them remaining#- or the major Part of them, should have. full Power to appoint another, and so from time to time, that the NUmber, of Seven Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid, might bekept full; Secondly, That the Trustees, or the ,major Part of them, should have full Powertoappbint a Btjrlon, that is a Layman, to be Master; as also fto appoint the Tenot Twelve Boys, according as the annual Income would belt answer to either of the Two.Numbers* and, that the Trustees, or the major Part of them# ihouldxha«r£-full Power, upon such Miftfemeanors, either in the Mato or any of the Pupils, as they should judge heinous Oftences, todifplace such, and appoint otherein their stead: Ihirdly, That the Throe thousand Pound-Bank Stock shotrid re* main in that Company, never to be changed for other Security, but upon the greatest Reason, and with the Con* font of all the Trustees: Fourthly, That, oat of the annual Income arising from this Fund, Forty. Pound per* Annum should be paid half yearly to the Master, Ten Pound per Annum for each Boy, Board, Forty Shillings per Annum for each Boy’s Cloathkng; viz. Waistcoats and Breeches of such Colour as the Trustees please, but the upper Garment to be a blue Gown, having on each a Badge of Metal, with the Arms, of the East India Com* pany on it, with the Addition of Shoes, J5todGngs, Shiftsi and blue Caps: Fifthly, That ithcTeftator’s.-SilverTankard, and the Picture of the Founder, Ihoukl remain as Standards in the same College for eve*: Sixthly, That Voij. 24.

Twenty Shillings per Annum should be allowed for Enter- tainfftent once in a Year, when and where, in Petersfieldi the Trustees, or the major Part of them, should be pleased to meet, to direct: the Master in the Management of such Part of the said charitable Benevoleticies as he might be concerned in :* And that he appointed the said Adam Churcher his Brother, fin ce deceased, foie Executor of the said Will; who duly proved the same in the proper Ecclesiastical Court: That, soon after the Death of the said Richard Churcher the Testator, a proper Edifice, or Building, was erected in the Borough of Petersfield, as a College, for the Reception and Entertainment of the said Master and Scholars, according to the Directfons of the said Will; and the said Sum of 500, thereby given and bequeathed to the Trustees for that Purpose, and so much and such Part of the Dividends arising from the said B/nk Stock* as was requisite in that behalf, were applied in and for the building and completing the said College; and the subsequent Dividends, which arose from the said Bank Stock before and until the said College was built and finished, were, from time to time, inverted in the Purchase of South Sea Annuities, for the Use and Benefit of the said Charity; and, after the finishing and completing the said College and Building, a Master was appointed for, and Twelve Boys were taken into, and entertained in, the said College; and the growing Dividends of the said Bank Stock and South Sea Annuities were applied by the Trustees for the Maintenance of the said College, pursuant to the Direction and charitable Intenriori of the said Richard Churcher the Testator: That, in pursuance of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, made the 28th Day of June 1737, an Account was taken of the Fund provided for the Support of the said charitable Donation, and of the said Produce, and Application of the fame, and neW Trustees were elected and appointed in the room and (lead of such of the former Trustees as were dead, or refused to act ijn the said Trpft; whereby ijt appears, that the Fund applicable for the Support of the said charitable Donation doth now consist of the said £. 3,000 Bank Stock, and

800 Stock in old South Sea Annuities; and thatthp t . Petitioners are the prefect Trustees for thefaiB Charity:

That as the said Borough of PeterJfield is- not a Sea Pprf, few of the Inhabitants are inclined or consenting ro havt their Children instructed in Mathematics and Navigation dhly; andj iti case the said Children were so taught and educated,-their Parents are not able, or if they were, tlje yearly Revenue of the said charitable Fund carinot be applied to place them out Apprentices on board East India Shtpvm regard the Capfairis'or Masters thereofrefofe to take any such Apprentice.; so that although the said charitable Donation was intended for the Benefit of the said TbwifMd Borough of Petersfield/yet asr the’Petitioners the Trustees have found by ’Expcrrence, that some of the Rules arid Articles prescribed by the.Will of the©onon, relating to the said Charity, are impracticable*and caYiipt be literally observed and executed; they are rehen five

that the said Town and Borotlgh wif], in agrtikt measur, be deprived of the Benefit of the fold; 0briarion,! and thb charitable Intention of the said’Donor difapbointedand defeated, trjilcfs the same be exp’ ajned,.a n d 'belie.r adapted to fhetfrcumftaoces of the said T<Swn and Borough, the'Aid of an Act Parliament: And thereto re praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said charitable Donation, and rend, cring the fa memory effect-uafand beneficial to the Parties for whom the same was’"intended by the Wifi of the said Richard QhSirfifier the Dbhbr,' in such manner as the House shall th(irik proper and expedient. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given so bring in a Bill, pursuant to ther Prayer of the said Petition f And that Mr,

Jolliffe and Mr Fane do prepare, and bring in, the Jamy*

Ordered, That Dr: Butler have Leave to go into the Lenrc of Country fof k Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Aftfog^offod^Bififor'repairing the ’Road Jeadingfrom the Kingston Towi» of Kingston lepoit Hull, to arid through the Town uP°n

GoOgfo

Laws against Gaming.

Act, &c. of Common Council of London.

720 xj^Januarii. 'if. 1744.

of Anlaby, and from (hence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read the Thjrd time. 4

An Amendment was proposed to be ma, de to the said Bill, Pr. 2. L 17. by inferring, in the Lilt of Com mi f- fioners for putting the said Act in Execution, the Nanae of " William Hall of Swanland

And the Question being put, That William. Hall of Swanland be one other of the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j p^l,) 59-

Tellers for the Noes,] }>'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And. the Natnes of Joseph Watson ailVeJl Elia, John Green of Hal/e, and Rajpin M err if on of Wilier by, being severally proposed to be added to the said List of Commissioners*;

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,'agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was.amended at the Table accordingly.

!. Rjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; An Act for.repairing the Road leading'Trp.m ’the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and iron; thence to the Town of Kirk Ella; in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon^ Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Crow/e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and, desire their Cqncurrence. il.'

Mr. C^rm/presented toyhe Hopfe, according to Order, a Bill to explain,.amend, ^nd make more.effectual, tbp in being to prevent exceffvveand deceitful Gaming: LApd the same wa? received; and read the pir.ft time..: h >, Rejplved, That, the Bill.be‘read a Second tixpe.

{, r T|ie House being informed, that the Sheriffs of London Attended at the Dooxj,

They were called, iparid, at vthp Bar, prefenled to the House a Petition., of the-LorqL Mayor,- Alderm$n, and Commons, of the pity oif London* in . Common Council AiTenjbled.; , f: . i. i. . v

, ;And then they withdrew. . M-.F)

11( Tfien the fa^Pejtition was reaej; fettipg forth, That, by an. Ad;of Parliament, made in the ijleventh Year of the Jueigrt, of King George the First.,: ip.tituled, /Ap A$ for, regulating BJeftions within the City of Lon40*1^3$^ for;prefcVving. the P(eaoe,.good Order*,.and. Government, of the said City,;ft js>: ,^ip?ng otjier, thin®,

npiA^, Order,^or Ordinance.^hatloey^ iftrififiy ", t|spe, hfi)omjand aftervthe?Eu*fli Ety, jh73&

" be, made 91 passed in the{CgniU)on CouncilpjThf laid without'jtlie.of the Mayor apd ^pjftentatT^ t^e.m^c)rTPart:of

?f them, of without jtl^Aljent of th£. Cqm

Vuch;

And jepreifnting tq^he if Qufc^ That t^e said Act. ha$ fey no..means answ e-red. Loads, (Buj}po fe sf the fe fey

foist to be ^tended*y :neftper . V$s,.$1$ prefefyed the good' Orflerapd Qoyevxiji^nt91 (he C.ity ,of London; But the exercising the qpegajiv^e ^9wer*thereby given to the Mfyor ^pd Ajdeiimep, ha^ oejeaftoped; gre^f: JealouHes and lijfcoq(epts;am011 gtbp Citizensuf ndon> highly obstructed the: proceedings of Gpprmpn, G^yncHs, ana tended greyly to de(troy the Peacie ^pdgqad-Order 9^ .(he said City; and.that^.fey tfeis Lavy, the Common^ in Common Council,* though composed of, no less than Two hund.red, aqd Thirty-fij^Citizens^ be un-

animous, may, foy the^egafive Votes of the.Klaypr and Two, or Thr, ee Aldermen, fee.reftryncd.fromimaking any Ad,‘Order, dr Ordinance, however advantageous or beneficial to the said.fhtiy; that the PetipOnet?;ponceiVe,that so great a Ppwe^,.lodged in so.fow Hand^s, tmay, in time* prove subversive of thellights and Privileges of the Citi-2^ns of London, and‘destructive of the ;very [Efface «ind Being of Common Councils: And th^fQ^praying th¥

House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet and agreeable.

The House was moved, That the‘Fifteenth Section of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government,’ of the said City, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly y

Ordered, That Leave be given to* bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in tie Eleventh Yeas of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates to the Making or Passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Jdhk Philipps, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Heatluote} Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Aldermati Gibbon, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the finding out new Countries, in order to increase the Ex-sports of our Manufactures, and improve the Commerce and Navigation of Great Britain, hath always‘merited the Approbation and Assistance of Parliament; and that the Petitioners presumie, that the Discovery of shorter artd more convenient Passages to Countries1 already known will ^quallydeferve the Attention and Assistarite of this House, -as such Discoveriesmuft have an immediate and necefih'ry Effect iri: improving the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners are'ef Qpiriion, Trem late Discoveries made in the North West of Hitdfdri'Bay ft hat a safe and navigable Paffoge,' free from Ice for fotne Months ffivt^ie Year, may be-foUnd betwixt the North West of that Bay and the Western and.Southern Ocean of America ‘‘by; which means, la donsiderable Trade'^niay be opened, not only to fevetflj Natiionslye^.'unkno'wh in the North Wert Of 'Amfricd, apH between that and the Afitiiic Coift, but affo so the 'Spanish *Westerti Cdaft of America; and 'to Japan) China; and the PhilippiHfrlJlands, as-well' as to many Island^in the South Sect;- to Iwhich ho'Trade seas yet been Carried on ’from ^Europe yand that as the fearcHingfor dnkffowh Countries", ^nd the^lahin^ through 'S^reights and Sea5 not yet elilco-Ivered; are Undertfl'king^in,' their Nature hazitrtfou^ arid ^pensive, wfth:oultibeingriat^uded by' any particular Gain to 't ho Undertakers; ‘the Pemfobers therefore apprel^nd, thatcifhe Discovei-y of the' Failhgc* above-mentioned will ’teriJbieftW'lefit by^ maey private Adv0miirers, at their own Epc^e3rcd;kvitiiQtit fbm^-publip Piaeriiium »or ’Gratuity Ke granted fto; facfiiofthv^MiyEtfty1^ SUbjefts as shall profit cutekand i py-fieft; thpj farfief’to Ifee-Gommiffibniersap t?heHdufedbalt^lebfe^ appoint: And Iherefore praying? That* the1 House'wife take* the Premises into (Ltortfidmtkffly and grant such- EnboufagemerifWereJ-ih.«asl»(.thel House ihiall seem^ttieet. rui: \ 4. ’*>' *'

*i'. MriiGlwhcellar-oL the .'Exchequer, by- his Majesty's Couuffiahdyacquivnted ;the House, that his Majesty lining been informed of thef Subject-mattei'Of the said Petition, recomnn^uds it to theiCDc^hderatidfi ‘dff the House. 1 -l Ordered-, That, the1 luid Petition be-feferred to the Considerktion of a CoroTniftehi :‘A:nd that they;do examine, and statd toihe H6Gfe,;jthe'Mhtter of Fast’coritained ini said Petitibnr.J: -i j *1 1 ' 1 1

And it is 'refefited to Sir William Calvert, Colonel Bin-den, LordvMa^ofiof London,* Mr. Fere,' Mr> Aldermati Heatluvte'JSin John Philipps, Mr.‘ Witkinfin" Mr. Sel-X vxyu,.- Mr.; Cornewall,! General Oglethorpe, Mr. Leather* Mr. Aid^rmani Gibbon, Mr.; MujfendenyMx* Groivle, Mr.' Fane* Mr dPelJiam, 'Mr/ Yolke* Mr. Hay Ward;S\t Henry Caithorpe, Mr.: 'Camp bell,1 Mr. Winning ton, 'Sir Thomas Drury, MtdNugbii}' Mtr uWalker, Lord Glenbrchy* Mr. Laroche*: Lord> 'Dupplmy 1 > Mr/! Compton, Mr. AAellish, M r. JuldjJe* Sir JtihnjGlinn and ally the Metchants^of the

House,

Discoveriw in Hudson’j Bay.

18 Geo. II. 15280 Januarii. 721

House, and all the Members for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Powet to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. rcf0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolveed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on refoive* itself into a Committee of the whole House, at, k c. Upon thej Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1745»

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Regulating The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Pawnbrokers to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of Rolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers;

Resolved, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee:

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Carewy Mr. Booth, Mr. Brookffank, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Neffilt, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Joseph Pennington. Sir John Glinn, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Brajfey, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir John Philipps, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Thomas Gorey Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Chester, Mr. Walker, Sir John Gordon, Sir Nathanael Curzony Sir Edward Seymoury Mr. Bancey Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. George Morton Pitt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Gorey Mr. Yorkey Sir John Ruff out, Mr. Cornewally Mr. Harvey, Mr. Winnington \ and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; The postponed Order of the Day being again read, MalrCi&c ^0r to resolve itself into a Committee of the

* whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Ser-. vice of the Year 1745;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 28° die Januarii;

7 Anno 18® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; T^/TR- Fane, according to Order, reported from the Duties on 1VJL Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Malt, &c. for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and VoL. 24.

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1745; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and theft a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. /

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue ft ye

of the Acts of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Htrbo®r, Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its anticht Goodness* being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majest/s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Port of Rye lies very convenient for Ships, which pass up and down the Channel, to favtf themselves in Strels of Weather, and from Enemies in Time of War: That it having been judged necessary by the Legislature, that the Harbour should be preserved; for the Benefit of Trade and Navigation; and that it might be rendered more commodious and useful, by making a new Cut from the Winchelsea Channel right out to Sea, the Commissioners appointed to execute the Powers given by the Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, have proceeded, with the utmost Integrity and Diligence, to perfect so desirable a Work, as fast as the Income of the Fund granted, and the Money which could be borrowed thereon, would allow: That the most difficult and expen-five Part of the Works are done, and the Whole might be completed within Two Years at furthest, for a small Sum of Money; but the annual Produce of the Fund, after the Interest due to the Creditors is paid, is now so low, that the Commissioners cannot proceed further till the present Debt is discharged; whereby the Public must, for many Years, be deprived of the Benefit of a Harbour so commodiously situated for the Safety of Navigation, and which, in Tufte of War, might preserve the Lives and Effects of very great Numbers of his Majesty’s trading Subjects; and from whence his Enemies might be greatly annoyed: And therefore pray this House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein what to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Ditto. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct, that the Import of the Officers of the Navy, and Elder Brothers of Trinity-house, relating to the Harbour of Rye, taken by Order of their Excellencies the late Lords Justices, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty* Treaty with Command, presented to the House, Queen of

Copy of a Treaty concluded the Eleventh Day of Atigufi 1744, at London, with the Queen of Hungary; and

Translation.

Copy of aTreaty concluded at Whitehall, the Twenty -seventh Day of April 1744, with the Elector of Mentz; and

Translation.

Copy of a Treaty of Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, of the one Part, and his most Serene Electoral Highness of 8 X Cologne,

V

722 28° Januarli. ^.1744;

Treaty with Cologne, Bishop and Prince of Munjler, of the other Part, g'oSEL? Hagut, the Fourth of July, m} and 6 Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And she said Lift was read.

Th,e said Treaties are bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof are as followeth; viz* /

Translation of a Treaty of Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands* of, the one Part, and his most Serene Electoral Highness of Cologne, Bishop. and Prince of Munjler, of the other Part.

The High contracting Powers above mentioned having equailyat heart the Maintenance of the Liberty and Safety of the Public, and the restoring Peach to Europe. upon a solid Foundation, and being desirous to form, 3s strict dn Union, between them (elves, of Interests and Councils, as there is already offriendship and Intention,

' s by virtue of an Alliance that may enable them, in a more uniform and effectual Manner, to accompli(1i so salutary an End, have authorized their respective Plenipotentiaries tp adjust the Conditions thereof; to wit, his Britannic Majesty, the Sieur Robert Trevor, his Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, and their High Mightinesse, the SieursCoumS/*p//£« deRandwijck, Lord ' of Homoet and Gamertn. Grand Senechal, Judge, and Dvkgraf, of Overbetuwe, Droffartof the City arrdfBarony of Breda, One of the Corps of the Nobility of the Province of G elder land, and of the Quutier of Nhneguen, Count William Bentinck, Lord of Rhoon, One of the Nobles of tbfe Province of Holland and of West Fr if eland, Anthony Pander Heim, Counsellor and Penfioriary of the States of the Provinces of Holland and of West Frifeland, Peter Buteux, formerly Sheriffand Counsellor of the City of Middleburgh in Zealand, John Servais, Visconti of Milan, free Baron of the Holy Empire,. Lord of Nyveld, Veldhuijfen, Byleveld, Rofweyde, Reijerfcoop, Lichtenberg, Ouden Rhyn, and Heijcop, Dearl of the Chapter of our Lady at Utrecht, First Member Elect of the States of the Province of Utrecht, Grand Forester of the said Province, and Dykgraf of Lekkendyk Bovens Dams, Adrian Bergfma, Burgomaster of the Town of Sneeck, Arent Sloet, Lord of Warmeloe and One of the Nobles of the Province of Over YJJel, Tjaardt Adrian Gerlacins, all of them Deputies to the Assembly of the States General, on the Part of the States of G elder land, Holland, and West Frifeland, Zealand, Utrecht, Frifeland, Over YJJel, Groninguen, and Ommelanden, of the one Part, and his most Serene Electoral Highness, the Sieur Hans Werner, Baron of Hammerftein, his Privy Counsellor and Great Huntsman, and his Mi-nifter Plenipotentiary to the States General, of the other Part; who, having nrft communicated their full Powers, have come to an Agreement upon the following Articles.

Art. 1.

Whereas, from the dangerous Situation of Affairs in Europe, there is an atjfolute and prefiing Necessity for his most Serene Ele&oral Highness to make such an Augmentation of his Troops, as may enable him to garrison his Towns, and to cover his own Frontiers, as well as those of the Allies of his Britannic Majesty, and the Frontiers of their High Mightinesse, he obliges himself to proceed to such an Augmentation immediately; but his Subjects not being in a Condition of themselves to provide for this extraordinary Expence, his Britannic Majesty, having weighed the Advantage that must result therefrom to the common Cause, and in order to enable him accordingly, does grant and promise to his most Serene Electoral Highness an annual Subsidy of Two hundred and Sixty thousand Dutch Florins, for the Term of Four Years to come; and their High Mightinesse do grant and promise to his most Serene Electoral Highness the like Sum of Two hundred and Sixty thousand Dutch Florins, for the likcATcrm of Four Years, to commence from the Day of flgning this present Treaty; which said Subsidy shall be regularly paid by Quarterly Payments, as the same shall become due.

Art. 2.

In consequence of this Subsidy, his most Serene Electoral Highness promises and engages to keep and main-tab, during the Term of Four Years, a Body of Nine thousand Foot and One thousand Horse, Troops of Mun* Jler, in good Condition, and in Readiness to serve either in Camp and in garrisoning such Places of his Dominions, as shall be judged most necessary, as well for their Security as for that of the neighbouring Jetties of his Britannic Majesty, atfd for the‘Safety1 or the States of their High Mightinesse,

...: . ;Art- 3*

And if it is found indispensably necessary by the high

contracting Parties, that a further Augmentation of the Troops of his most Serene Ele&oral Highness should be made, in order to join the Forces of his Britannic Majesty, or those of the States and their Allies, they shall be raised in consequence of a further Subsidy, in that same to be agreed upon, and the Manner settled according to which the said Corps is to be employed.

'Art. 4;

For a further Proof of the Uprightness of his Intentions, his most Serene Electoral Highness obliges himself torejett constantly all such Propositions of Engagements, from what Quarter soever they may come, as ball appear to his Britannic Majesty and their High Mightinesse inconsistent with the Good of the common Cause. . , Art. 5.,

' The present Treaty of Alliance shall be ratified by the high contracting Parties, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged here at thtHague within the Space of a Month, or sooner, if possible.

In Testimony whereof, we, whose Names are underwritten, by virtue of our respective full Powers, have let our Names and Seals of our Arms to these Presents. Done at the Hague, this Fourth Day of July, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four.

(L. S.) Robert Trevor. (L. S.) H. W. de Hammerftein.

(L. S.) Le Compte de Randivijck. t

(L. S.) W. Bentinck.

(L. S.) A Fandr. Heim.

(L. S.) P. Buteux.

(L. S.) Milan Fifconti.

(L. S'.) //. Bergfma.

( L. S.) A. Sloet.

(L. S.) T. Gerlacks.

Translation of a Treaty concluded at Whitehall, the 27th April 1744, with the Elector of Mentz.

His Britannic Majesty, and his Electoral Highness of Mentz, having equally at heart the Maintenance of the public Liberty and Security, and the Re:estabii foment of such a Peace as may be a solid Support to the State of Europe, and re {lore Order and Concord in the Empire, and desiring to contract as close an Union of Interests and Councils, as they have already of Friendftiip and Inclination, by the Means of a Treaty of Alliance, which may enable them to concur with greater Uniformity and Effi* cacy in so salutary an End, they have authorized their respective Ministers to settle the Conditions thereof; viz. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Privy Coun-fellors, Philip Lord Hardwicke, his Chancellor of Great Britain, William Earl of Harrington, President of his Privy Council, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, John Lord Cartnet, Baron of Haivnss, another of his principal Secretaries of State, and Henry Pelham, First Commissioner of his Treasury and Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Exchequer, and his Elect oral Highness, the Sieur Philip Christopher Baron of Ehrthal, his Privy Counsellor of Conference, and his Envoy Extraordinary to his said Majesty; who, after communicating to each other their full Powers, have agreed together upon the following Articles.

i« Whereas

i8 Geo. II.

i$*Januani.-

t. And his Britannic Majesty having maturely confidefed Treaty with

Whereas, in the perilous Situation wherein Europe and the real and preffingOcCafion of her Majesty the Queen, jje ^-een the Empire at present' are, it is of extreme Necessity and and the extreme Necessity there is of assisting her without un^ar^* c* Importance that'his Electoral Highness should keep a Delay, if one would not risk the seeing her overpowered sufficient Body of Troops on Foot, For securing his Domi- by the Number of her Enemies, and the rofing irrepara* nions, and especially 1 is City and Fort refs of Mentzy from lt,"‘,l rT" r ‘ all Infuhs and Surprize; and his Subjects being unable to bear that Expence without Assistance, his Britannic Majesty, to supply that Deficiency, and to enable his Electoral Hi ghness to continue

acting with the same laudable Zeal, which he has constantly and impartially shewn for the public Good of the Empire, promises himi for the present Year, a Subsidy of One hundred thousand German Crowns; Fifty thousand whereof ‘(hall be paid immediately after the Ratification of the present Treaty, and, for each of the Three next Years, a Subsidy of Fifty thousand Crowns, to be paid from Three Months to Three Months in Advance. if

’ 2m

By the Aid of which Subsidy, his Eledoral Highness promiics and engages to keep,-up the Troops which he has on Ft'ot, and to guard, for 'those Four Years, his City and Fort refs of Mentz with aGanifon of five thousand Men at lead.

3- ' ‘ ,

H is Electoral Highness engages likewise to agree im-: mediately with the Elector o\ Cologne upon the cnoft expeditious Manner of fuc<h)uring each other, for she common Security, and for keeping all Danger and Damage at a Distance from their Frontiers.

4*

And the Lords the States General oft he United Provinces, being equally, interested in, the same Cause, shall be invited, without Delay, to‘accede as principal con-trading Parties to this present Treaty of Alliance; which shall be ratified by his Britannic, Majesty and his Eledoral Highness, and the Ratifications of it exchanged in the Space of a Month, or Doner, 'ifppljible.

In Witness '* hereof, the above-named Ministers, bjr yjj*-

bly all Hopes of a Peace, which might re-establiflrthe public Liberty.

By such just and urgent Motives, his BWtannijc Majesty has been induced to grant unto the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia the additional Subsidy, whidh the has so in-stantly defifed of him, in the following Manner.

.ffis Majesty the fcing of Great BnfiH grants to her Majesty the Queen of Hungary kncUfiofymia an additional Subsidy of Ohe ‘hundred and' Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, as well to assist her in subsisting hfr Armies, as in augmenting them, by a new Ley, of at lead Twenty thousand Men, anclin completing, ‘arid putting iri a bet-t ter Condition, to ad, those Troops which Ihe has-^on jfoofi . 2/ ,;

This Sum of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling shall be paid (mm* the Signing of the ’ present; Convention; to the end that it may bg employed, without Delay or j^ofs of Time, to the salut^ry Purpose fpi; which ft is de%ned. >V 1

By'the Xidpf which Subsidy, so granted and . p^j her Majesty ftie Queen of Hungary ana Bohemia obliges herself tq.fufnish immediately to his Majesty the King of Poland the Sum o(Tufty thousand Pounds Sterling, tjp put in a Condition to ad aBocly of at lead Twenty thoup land Meri, which is to join her Army in Bohemia; arid £0 furnish* forthwith the completing of her own Trpops* and the putting them iffa better Condition to ad. .1

, . 4*. r . r.v {.-,}

Moreover, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bo^ hernia is railing,.an c( will raise immediately, in her hereditary Countries, a new Body of at least Twenty thousand IV(en,,to reinforce her Armies, and put. them in a Concfi-

tue of their respective full Powers, have signed these Pre- tTon of returning to ad with more Efficacy against France,

- fents, and cau ed f he Seals of their ^Vrms to be (qt -thereto. Don eat// hi te hall, this 27th Day of April, i n t he Y e a r 17 4 4, (L. S.) Hard wicke, C. (-L..S.J P. C. d*Ehrthal.

(L. S.) Harrington, P. .; f

(L. S.) Hui.es Newcastle. , / r

(L. S.) Carteret. , ' > )

[l. S.) H. Pelham. . "

Translation of a Treaty concluded the 1 ith August 1744, at London, with the Queen of Hungary.

Her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia having caused to be represented to his Majesty the King of Great Britain, with as much Instance as Regret at being any longer a Burthen to him for her own Support, and for that of the common Cause, that her Finances arein-tirely exhausted, and the Subudy granted by his Britannic Majesty for this present Year actually consumed by the extraordinary Efforts that she has made, and by the vast Number of Troops which file has kept in the Field, amounting to upwards of One hundred and Seventy thousand Men, for making head in all Parts, jointly with her faithful Allies, against the common Enemies, and particularly- for putting a Stop to their Progress in the Low Countries, by a powerful Diversion upon the Rhine: For effecting winch, her Majesty has spared nothing, and which has effectually obliged France to fend thither from Flanders a great Body of her Forces; so that, without a fneeciy Succour of an additional Subsidy, her Majesty the Queen will be under an absolute Impossibility even to continue tile Pay to the Troops that she has on Foot; far from being able to make a farther Levy, and support the other Mea lures and Expences which are indispensably necessary towards enabling her to resist effectually the ifew Invasion formed by the King of Prussia against her h.reditary Dominions, and to repel it speedily; to the end that France may not again turn her whole Force against the Allies of the Queen:

Vol, 24,

after having provided for the Safety of *her hereditary Dominions; and she. shall cause to be exhibited to his Britannic Majesty the effective Muster Rolls within the Space of Three Months at the farthest.

So done, settled, and agreed, between the under-written Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain* and of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, under the reciprocal Assurance, that their Majesties will ratify it, and cause the Ratifications to be exchanged as soon as possible. London, the Eleventh Day of the Month of Augiiji 1744.

(L. S.) Hardwicke, C. (L. S.) Harrington, P. (L. S.) Holies Newcastle. (L. S.) Carteret.

(L. S.) H. Pelham.

(L. S.j De FPafner.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Godfrey Wentworth orted from the Committee, Tadcaster to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of ^n«8e’d*c* the Cityof7br^,wasreferred, That the Committee had ex- oa amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Box said. That he is very well acquainted with the Road described in the Petition; which is much frequented; being the direct Road from London to York, and the Northern Parrs of the Kingdom; as also the Poll Road from London to Edinburgh; and that the said Road, in Winter, is very dangerous for Carriages, as well as Passengers on Horseback.

Mr. MarJJ), being examined, said. That the Road

fr9m

1

7H

28* Januarii.

1744*

from Four Mile Hill to the Ring Houses, Part of the Road mentioned in the Petition, is unpayable for Coaches in Winter:

That the Materials proper for amending the said Road lie at a great Difiance, which enhances the Price of the Pxpairs thereof; and though the Statute-work has been regularly performed, and the Rates directed by Law have peen assessed in the several Parishes through which the said Road leads, yet it has been found impracticable to amend the fame, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and amend the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said Cit)ycalJed Hob Moor Lane End: And that Mr. Godfrey Wentworth, Mr. George Fox, and Mr. Brookfbanky do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

frtcan ' A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, fort* Icc. being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Trade to Africa is of the greatest Importance^ not only as it takes off great Quantities of Home Manufactures, which are paid for in Gpld, Gums, Dyeing Woods, Ivory, Bees. Wax, and other valuable Commodities; but likewise as it furnishes the Colonies arid Plantations in America with Negro Servants; upon v/hofe Labour the said Colonies and Plantations, and the Trade and Navigation arising the reby, do principally depend: That it hath always been the Sense of this House, that Forts and Castles are necessary for carrying on and prefetving the Trade to Africa to this Nation: That it hath appeared to this House, upon full Examiriation.and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa that the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Petitioners there, cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: That the said Company did, for many Years, bear the whole Burthen of preserving to this Nation that inestimable Trade, to their own irreparable Loss and Damage; and that it hath been made appear to this House, that, in the Fourteen Years preceding the 31 ^.December 1743, the Petitioners had expended above One hundred thousand Pounds, on the Support of Maintenance of their said Forts and Settlements, more than had been granted by Parliament for that Service; whereby the Petitioners have incurred a large Debt: That, in case this House shall think fit to make effectual Provision for repairing and keeping the said Forts and Settlements 1 in a sufficient defensible Condition, for the Protest ion and Benefit of all his Majesty’s Subjects trading to those Parts, and for the Support and Preservation of his Majesty^ Colonies and Plantations in America, depending upon that Trade, and to ease the Petitioners of the heavy Burthens which have so long laid upon them, the said Petitioners do apprehend, that they shall be well able not only effectually to protect and support the British Interest in Africa, but also to put an intire Stop to the last great Encroachments of other Nations there, and likewise to make such Improvements, and to procure to this Nation such farther Benefits and Advantages, as the said most va-luableTrade is capable of affording: That the Petitioners did present to this House, last Session, the most moderate Estimates they could make, as well for putting their Forts and Settlements into good Repair, as for supporting and maintaining them afterwards in a defensible Condition; whereupon the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds only, was granted for the Year 1744: That although the Petitioners well know, that the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, being much less than their Estimates, would fall far short of what was necessary for any one Year, and more especially in this Time of War with France, of late. Years grown to be our most formidable Rival in this fundamental Branch of Trade; and although the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, by them expended as before-

mentioned, was not then taken into Consideration, yet the Petitioners were ind uced to accept of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, in firm Reliance and Hope of being fully and justly considered during this present Session: That the Petitioners have accordingly received from the Lords of the Treasury the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, parfuant to the Resolutions of this House the last Session; and have thereupon fitted out sundry Ships of their own, to assist in repairing, and to attend the other Services of the said Forts and Settlements; and, for the more Expedition, have taken up another large Ship upon Freight; and, by them, have sent out as many Recruits of Soldiers and Artificers as they could procure in Time, and as the said Ships could carry; and likewise such Supplies of Stores, Arms, Ammunition, Goods, and other Necessaries, for the Repairs, Defence, and Subsistence, of the said several Forts and Settlements, as amount, in the Whole, to upwards of Twenty thousand Pounds; a par- , ticular Account whereof the Petitioners are ready to lay before this House, when they shall be pleased to require the fame: That the Petitioners, therefore, apprehend it to be their Duty to lay the Premises before this House, and to submit it to their Consideration to grant the Petitioners such Relief, and to make such effectual Provision for repairing, supporting, and maintaining,'their said Forts and Settlements in a proper Condition, for the most valuable Ends herein before set forth; or otherwise to put the said Forts and Settlements under such other Care and Management, and to make the Petitioners such a reasonable and just Satisfaction for their Property and Interest therein, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England Africa* do lay before this House, an Account of what Supplies Forts»*c-they have sent out for the Repairs, Defence, and Subsistence, of their Forts andj Settlements in Africa, for the Year 1744; distinguishing the Species, Numbers, Quantities, and Amounts, of all the Particulars whereof the said Supplies have consisted, and the Places they were sent to.

A Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, Lawi against the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful GamJ#S* Gaming, was read a Secorid time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mh Hungerford have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Greenwich House, an Account shewing how the Monies granted Hospiwt the last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital have been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do Djtt0, lay before this House, an Account of what Money hath been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1741, to Christmas 1744; and how the same hath been applied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Money HIW4 count of what Money hath been ordered by the Cojnmif- for Nit; sioners for executing-the Office of Treasurer of hit Ma- Servico. jesty’s Exchequer, and received by ihe Treasurers of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the Thirty-first of December 1743, to the Thirty-first of December 1744; distinguishing the Times when the feme was received, and the Services to which it was applied. v

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn,

*8 Geo.'II. 28* — 29

in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, to finish the Church of the said Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Parilliioners of the Parish of St. Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, to finish the Church of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir John burner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply* The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1745, be referied to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Farther of the Supply granted to his Ma-

jetty-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 2 90 die 'Januarii\

Anno iS° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

Spcenham- A PETITION of the Trustees, whose Names are land Road. jt\_ thereunto subscribed, for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted and made payable, during the Term of Twenty-’ one Years, for repairing the said Highways; and the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, by effectually carrying on the Repairs of the said Highways, the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Tolls by the said Act granted; which Money so borrowed, and the Tolls collected by virtue <5T the said Ad£ have been duly laid out and applied according to the Direction thereof; and that the Sum of Sixteen hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, now remains due on the Credit of the said Act; which Sum cannot, during the subsisting Term, be repaid, and all Parti of the said Highways effectually amended and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of all Passengers, unless the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted and given be further continued and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers by the said former Act granted, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Vol. 24.

5 Januarii. 725

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr. Blagrave, Mr*

Vyner, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Glimi. Sir John Mole (worth.

Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Torke, M r., Fenwick, Mr.

Robert Williams, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir John Cujl, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. Lechmerc, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Wigley, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Admiral Vernon, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Bowes, Lord Carteret, Mr. Hedworth, and all the Members who serve tort he Counties of Wilts, Berks, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crozvle presented to the House, according to Or- Hedon,&c.' der, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, Roads, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of He don, through the find Town, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Hull North Bridge ':

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Supply Bill; Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in thar P :rt of Great Britain Dimes on called England; and for gram ing his Majesty certain ^alt> &c* Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Pe.ry, in that Part of Great Britain cal led Scotland', for the Service of the Year 1745, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Mult, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1745.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry.'the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. /

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Faxton, in the Faxton County of Northampton, In behalf of himself, and of the Inclosure. Patron of the Advowson of the Rectory and Parish Church of Lamport, with the Chapel of Faxton annexed, and of the Rector of the said Parish Church and Chapel, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several common Fields and common Grounds in the said Manor, lying intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, which, by Experience, hath been found inconvenient and detrimental to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, so long as the same remain open and uninclosed, will, in a great measure, be incapable of Improvement: That if the said common Fields and common Grounds were inclosed and divided, as hath been agreed upon by the Petitioner, who, with the Patron and Rector, are all the Parties interested therein, the same would be a nianifeft Advantage to the Parties concerned; but that such Inclosure and Division cannot be completed, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave qiay be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields and common Grounds, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Compton, Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Parker, and Mr. Thnrjby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to justices of amend and render more eff cluai an Act, passed in the Peace Qua* Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace:

And that Mr. Bramston, Mr. Careiv, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Sir Edmund lfham. Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Lyjler, and Sir John Glynne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

8 Y Mr-

b'

7 lcf — 3 Is Januarii. 1744.

Answer to Mr* Comptroller reported to the House, That their AcMrefr Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty wou'd be graciously pleased to direct, that the Report of the Officers of the Navy, and Elder Brothers of Trinity-house, relating to the Harbour of Rye, taken by Order of their Excellencies the late Lords Justices, might be laid before this House), had been presented to his Majesty j and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

St.Martin’s k A Petition of Mdrtha Forty, Widow and Relict of Jo-St* Michael’* For by Clerk, late Patron and Rest or of the Rectory

roeMalunion an<^ Parsh Church of Fincham Saint Michaels, and Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Fincham Saint Martins, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich, and of William Harvey Clerk, Incumbent of the said Rectory, and Presentee of the said Vicarage, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. 1

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Parishes and Parish Churches are in the Town of Fincham, the Vicarage being in the Patronage of the Crown, and the Rectory in the Gift oft he said Martha For by, in full Right: That the Rectory Church is a very ancient Building, and in so ruinous and decayed Condition, that it is dangerous to assemble there for Divine Worship; and that the Charge of rebuilding, or repairing it in an effectual Manner, if that can be done, will be so very great, that it cannot be defrayed by the Inhabitants of the Parish: That the Church belonging to the Vicarage is a strong and handsome Building, (landing in the Middle of the Town, about Two hundred Yards from the Rectory Church, and is so large, that it is capable of receiving more than twice the Inhabitants of the whole Town: That there is no Building on the said Vicarage, except only a Barn, which was erected by the said Joseph Forty; who also, at a great Expence, built on the said Rectory a very good Dwelling-house, with other necessary Buildings: That the improved yearly Value of the said Vicarage is, commtmibus Annis, about Thirty-five Pounds, and the Rectory more than double the Value thereof: That his Majesty has been graciously pleased, upon the humble Application of the said Joseph Forby, to consent that the said Parishes and Parish Churches may be united and consolidated *, and that the said Joseph Forby (in Consideration of the Expences he had been at, and of the much greater Value of the Rectory), his Heirs and Assigns, may have a Right of presenting to the said Livings for the Two next Turns after the said Consolidation, and then an alternate Right with the Crown; but that such Union and Right of Presentation cannot be effected, otherwise than by an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for perpetually uniting and consolidating the said Parishes and Parish Churches, and for settling the Rights of Presentation, in the Manner above-mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Coke and Sir John Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Motion re- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the specting Call- Fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, in-jngof Pap- tituled, A Parliament shall be holden once every Year 2

ment* and also, that an Act, made in the 36th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, intituled, A Parliament shall be holden once in the Year 2 might be read. And the same being read accordingly j A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce the Calling of a new Parliament every Year, after the Expiration of this present Parliament 2

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, j; fair?'"'

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 2 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Four hundred Seventy nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, be granted < o his Majesty, towards building an Hospital near Portsmouth, and purchasing Land on which the same is to be erected, and the necessary Walling attending the fame, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety thousand Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and One Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar 2 and for Provisions. for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Rattan; for the Year 1745.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Month.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 31° die Januarii)

Anno 18* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

pRAYlRS.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Thomas, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Godolphin and Major General Onslow do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through \Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill\ in the County of Warwick; and of the Creditors under the said Act; and also of several Persons living in, near, or usually travelling through, the Road leading from Birmingham aforesaid to Meriden, in the said County of Warwick, and from thence to the City of Coventry 2 was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Term of One and-twenty Years, commencing the Five-and-twentieth Diy of July 1726, for repairing the said Roads; and that the better toan-fwer the Intention of* the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the fold Roads with Effect, the Petitioners the

Trustees

Supply*

Call of the House.

Dr. Thomai thanked.

Birmingham

Roadi.

i8 Geo. II. 31 0 januarii727

Trustees borrowed a considerable Sum of Mohey on the Credit of the said Act, and applied the fame, together ifrith the Money arising by the Tolls, to the several Purposes by the said Act directed; notwithstanding which, some Parts of the said Roads are, in the Winter §eafon, very bad* and such Parts thereof as have already been amended will, in a short time, become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to repair the same: That the Petitioners the Trustees find the Repairs of the Roads, directed to be amended by the said former Act* cannot, during the Term aforesaid, be completed, and the Money now due to the Petitioners the Mortgagees be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the Act aforesaid be enlarged: That the Road leading from Birmingham to Meriden aforesaid, is become lo bad and ruinous, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pass and repass, in the Winter Season, without Danger; and cannot, by the ordinary Method provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless some other Provision be made for tailing Money, to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given in and by the said former Act; and for explaining and making more effectual the same Act; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the Road leading trom Birmingham aforesaid towards Meriden, through Elmdon, to the CroJ's Lane which leads by the End of Stone Bridge,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Cha, Mordaunt. Sir James Grants Mr. Lascelles, Sir Miles Stapy/ton, Mr. Clive, Sir Nathanael Curzcn, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Cha, Pelham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Packer, Mr. Blacket, Sir John Turner, Sir Phi, Muforave, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Cornwall, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Crew, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Grant, Mr Crowle, Mr. Shut t lew or in, Mr. Fere, Colonel Abercrombie, Lord Granard, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Thomas Gore, Major Selwyn, Mr. Pytts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

>her<*» A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

Road, the C/ounty of Wilts, afieinbled at their General Quarter Sessions held by Adjournment, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.9 for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes; and between the Top of Ashlington Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts; and also one other Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted in the first-mentioned Act, and explaining and making the same more effectual and extensive; was pre-iented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the first-mentioned Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable for repairing the said Road, from the passing the same Act, for the Term of 21 Years; and that, by the said Act last mentioned, the said Tolls and Duties were continued and made payable for the further Term of 21 Years, to be computed from the 8th Day of April 1728: That the Petitioners finding the said Road in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, they have been obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money for putting the same into, and keeping the same in, Repair; and that the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, principal Money, is now due on the Credit of the said Acts; which, with the Income of the said Tolls collected, hath been duly paid and applied for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and in repairing the said Road; and that, in regard the Money now due on the Vol. 24,

Credit of the subsisting Term* cannot bi repaid, and the said Road be effectually amended and kept in good Repair for the future, without the Aid of a further Act of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, and explaining and making the same more extensive and effectual, for so long Time, and in such Manner* as to the House shall f$pm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Garth, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lqfcelles, Mr.

Fere, Major Selwyn, Mr. Yorke, Lord Dupplin, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Hooper, Sir James Grant, Mr. Tucker, Sir Cha, Mordaunt, Mr. Knight,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clive, Lord Carteret, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Robert Williams, Sir John Ramjfden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Beverley the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening, and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; several small Tolls and Duties on divers Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in the said Act mentioned, laden, or unladen, in any Part of the said Beck, or at any of the said public Staiths, or other Places therein mentioned, were granted and made payable to the Mayor, Alderfcen, and Capital Burgesses, of the said Town of Beverley, for the Time being, for the cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving, the said Beck, and amending and maintaining the said Staiths, Roads, and Ways: That the said Beck,

Staiths, and Roads, being in a very ruinous Condition at the time of passing the said Act, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, were obliged to borrow} a considerable Sum of Money, to put the same into tolerable Condition; which Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, have been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereby given; but that the Petitioners find, that the Money arising from the said Tolls and Duties will never be sufficient to discharge the said Debt, and answer the Purposes of the said Act; and that the said Beck is now in very great Danger of being warped and choaked up by the Sludge and Soil brought in by the Tides, and by the Earth falling in from the Banks of the said Beck; which, in many Places on both Sides thereof, are Ihot in, and will require to be supported by Piles and Jetty-work: That the Tolls and Duties, granted by the said Act, are not duly proportioned to the Values of the Goods on which they are laid; so that the same fall heavy on some Tradesmen, whilst: others pay little or nothing; and many of the said Tolls and Duties are loft, for want of proper Powers to examine into the several Sorts of Goods chargeable therewith, and the Weights and Measures thereof: That it hath been found by Experience, that the Carriage of Goods to and from the said Beck, and lliver Hull, in Carriages having narrow Wheels, (hod with Iron, hath greatly contributed to the Destruction of the several Ways, Banks, Roads, and Pavements, leading from the said Town to the said Beck and River: That keeping open the said Beck, and having good Roads thereto, and to the said River Hull, have been found very beneficial to the Inhabitants and Traders of the said Town, and Country about the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

b]

n 2$ 310 Januarii. A\ 1744.

Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the said Act; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and River Hull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidei'atian of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Pelham, Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord Dnpplin, Mr. La [relies, Mr. Wilkinfton, Sir James Low ther, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Sir John Barrington, Lord Carteret, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Aiftabie, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Pratt, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Gundry, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Neale, Mr. Packer, Mr. Jjramston, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vere, Mr. Crozvle, Sir James Grant, Sir Wm. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perforts, Papers, and Records.

Penreth A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Free-Road. holders, and Inhabitants, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the High Road from Penreth to the House of Adam Kendal, near Bridge Foot, in the County of Cumberland, being the Post Road from London to Cockermouth and Whitehaven, is greatly in Decay; great Carriages to these , and several other Trading Towns, as well as Coaches to and from London, York, and several other Parts, frequently passing; and that Packets, Mails, and Ports, are frequently hindered in the said Road j and that the ordinary Courses, appointed by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm, are not fhfftcient for theeffcdlual repairing the re-, of; for that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said Road lies, are not able to repair the fame, without some Help by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to tolled *Toll or Tolls, in such Part or Parts of the said Rbadj as may be most convenient; that the same may be speedily amended, and kept in good Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referredlto the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as1 it Hi all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Lowther, Lord Dnpplin, Sir Phil. Musgrave, Mr. Brer el on. Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Knight, Mr, Edwin, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Go dolphin, Dr. Cotes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Cornell all. General Onjlotv, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Harley, Mr Bennett, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Vere, Lord Granard, the Earl of Middlesex; *and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Brough A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Free-under Siam- holders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Cumberland moor oa . ancj t^eftmorian^ WaS presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the High Road from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor, in the County of Westmorland, to the River Sark, in the County of Cumberland, being the Port Road from London to Appleby, Penreth, Carlisle, and Dumfries, is greatly in Decay; great Carriages to these and several other Trading Towns, frequently passing, as well as Coaches to and from London, York, and several other Parts; and that Packets, Mails, and Ports, are frequently hindered in the said Road; and that the ordinary Courses, appointed by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm, are not sufficient for the effectual repairing thereof; for that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said Road lies, are not able' to repair the dime, without some Help by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to eredla Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to collect a Toll or Tolls, in such Part or Parts of the said Road,'as may be most convenient, that the same may be speedily amended and kept in good Repair: and that a Branch may be extended from a Place in the said Road, called Grimer Hill, to Rozv cliff, in the said County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And chat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Bacon, Lord Dupp/in, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Edwin, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Harley, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Vere, Sir James Grant, Mr. Come wall, Sir John 'Rufnout, Lord Carteret, Mr. Knight, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Stuarty Lord Coke, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Turner, Mr. Brookjbank,

Sir John Shelley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Drwning, Major Selwyn, Mr. Clive; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Westmorland and York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five-of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Dun Navi-Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Doncaster, in the Katio" hiabU West Riding of the County of York, was presented to ^er Towa the House, and read; setting forth. That, by virtue of ^atcs# Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Twelfth, and the otherin the Thirteenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the River Dun^ in the said West Riding of the County of York, hath been made navigable from a Place called Holmstile in Doncaster, to a Place within Two Miles of the utmost Extent of Tinjley, Westward, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield, in the said County; and from Holmftileaforc-said to Wiljick-house, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the same County: That, by another Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Ilcign. to explain and amend the said Two former Acts of Parliament, and for uniting the several Underfakers of the 'laid Navigation into One Company, it was enacted, " That the said ".Company of Proprietors, their Successors, or Assigns,

<e or any of them, (houkl not be taxed or alli.sted for the <c said Navigation, or the Profits thereof, at any Place or " Places, except Sheffield and D me after aforesaid That the Profits of the said Navigation being great and considerable, and the Petitioners apprehending them liable, did, the Four laftY'ears, cause the same to be rated and assessed in the said Town of Doncaster, to the Aid granted to his Majesty by a Land Tax, and some one or more of the parochial Assessments of the said Town, in the same Proportion with other Lands and Tenements; but that the said Company of Proprietors, and their Farmers, have hitherto refuted to pay not only the said Rates and Assessments, but all other Parish Rates, to the said Town of Doncaster, notwithstandingthe said Profits have not been, nor by the Clause in the last mentioned Act of Parliament can be, rated, affeflVd, or paid for, elsewhere: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so as to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation of the River Dun, and their Farmers, for ever hereafter, to pay to the said Town of Doncaster, the Aid to be raised by a Land Tax, the Assessments for Relief of the Poor, and all other parochial Rates and Assessments, to be raised in the said Town, for the Whole, or such Part, of the Profits of the said Navigation; or to £rant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*

(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the

i8 Geo. IL

31

Janiiarii.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Duppfin, Mr. Grant, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Mellish, Mr. John Fenwick, Sir James Lowther, Lord Coke, Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Neale, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sir Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Harbord. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Bennett, Mr. /'V/A Sir Francis Poole, General Oglethorpe, Mr. ifc-tf//. Sir y&Zw Glynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cample 7, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Prowse, the Earl of Middle-/ex, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Brcokjbank, Mr. TorLr, Sir j'oiw Philipps, Lord Car/e-

Masters and Governors of the said Company might appoint, and have, a public Lecture for the Science of Surgery, for the better Instruction and Information in the Principles and Rudiments of the Art and Science of Surgery; and that no Person, exercising the Art of Surgery within the Limits therein mentioned, should go out, or fend any Apprentice or Servant, from the Port of London, to serve in Quality of a Surgeon for any Ship, without the Approbation and Allowance of the said Company, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as are therein mentioned: That, since the said Att for incorporating the said Two Companies, those of the said Company practising Surgery have, from their foie and constant Study of, and

ret; and all ihe Members who serve for the Counties of Application to, the said Science, rendered the Profeftioa

Cramer't &c. Nat.

York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Mark Cramer and Samuel Meftrezat was presented to the House, and read; praying, That L.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Drury and Mr. Downing do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Separate Incorporation

A Petition of the Surgeons of London, whose Names 9f Surgeons. arc t^crcunt^ subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Surgeons in the City and Suburbs of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

' That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the 3 2d Year of the late King Henry the Eighth, afeer reciting, That, within the City of London, there were Two several and distinct Companies of Surgeons, occupying the Science and Faculty of Surgery; the one called the Barbers of London, and the other the Surgeons of London; and that the Company of Barbers were incorporated in the Reign of King Edward the Fourth; and that the other Company, called the Surgeons, had not any Manner of Corporation; and that it was necessary, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, that the said Two distin<5l Companies should be united, it was thereby enabled, " That the said Two several and distintft Companies of Surgeons, that is to, say, both the Barbers and the Surgeons, should be united, and made one Body Corporate, by the Name of Masters or Governors of the Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons of London; and that they should, by the same Name, possess and enjoy, to them and their Successors, all inch Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, which the Company of Barbers then had and enjoyed, and all Liberties, Privileges, and Franchises, and other Things, at any time given or granted to the said Companies of Barbers or Surgeons by Act of Parliament, Letters Patents, or otherwise;" and it was there by.enabled,

" That no Person within the City and Suburbs of London, and One Mile Compass of the said City, using any Barbery or Shaving, should pratftife any Surgery, except Drawing of Teeth only; and that no Person, practising Surgery within the Circuit aforesaid, should use or exercise Barbery or ShavingThat King Charles the First, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal, in the Fifth Year of his Reign, confirmed the Possessions and Privileges granted to, and vested in, the said united Company by the said former Act of Parliament, and other Royal Grants therein mentioned, and referred to; and gave Power to the said Company to make By-laws, for the Government of the said Society, and to cleft Masters or Governors, and to constitute Ten Persons to be Examiners of the Surgeons of London, during their Lives; and it was thereby farther granted, that no Person, whether "Freeman, Foreigner, Native of England, or Alien, should praftifr Surgery in London or Westminster, or within Seven Miles of the City of London, unless previously examined, allowed, and admitted, by the Company, in manner therein mentioned; and that the Surgeons, so examined, might practise Surgery in any £art of England; and that the Vol. 2<j.

and Practice therepf of great and public Benefit and Utility to this Kingdom; and that the Barbers, belonging to the said Corporation, are now, and have been many Years, employed in a Business foreign to, and independent of, the Practice of Surgery; and that the Surgeons, belonging to the same Corporation, being now become a numerous and considerable Body, and finding their Union with the Barbers inconvenient in many Respects, and in no degree conducive to the Progress or Improvement of the Art of Surgery, arc therefore desirous that the Surgeons, being Freemen of the said Company, may be made a Corporation separate and distinct from, and independent of, the Barbers of, and belonging to, the said Company:

And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that i Bill may be brought in for dissolving and vacating the Union and Incorporation of the Barbers and Surgeons, made by the said former Act; and for making the Surgeons of the said Company a separate and distinct Corporation; and for making a Partition and Division of the real and personal Estate and Effects of, and belonging to, the said united Companies, unco, and for the separate Benefit of, the said Two Companies, so proposed to be separated, as to this House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Dr. Cotes, Mr. Speke, Lord Perceval, Mr. Stanhope, Sir John CroJJe, Sir H. Dalrymple,

Mr. Tho. Archer, Mr. Carew, Mr. For eft er. Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Locke, Mr. Brereton, Lord Coke, Mr.

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hen. Archer,

Mr. Pratt, Sir John Strange, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Hooper, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pitt, General Pulteney, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Grant, Sir John Gordon, Sir John Cust, Sir John Turner, Sir James Lowther, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Yorks, Colonel Stuart, Sir Wm. Harbord, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr.

Charles Montague, Sir John Glinn, Mr. Cor new all, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Saville, General Onslow, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Fere, Mr. Neale, Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Hor. Walpole, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Philipps, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Grenville; and all the Members who serve for the City of London:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, and othehs, whose Lofle* by in-Names are thereunto subscribed, who lost their Vessels and of Effects by the Spaniards Invasion of Georgia in America, corSia* in July 1742, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fec-ting forth, Tharfomc of the Petitioners, and their Correspondents, being in a mercantile Way, were informed, that warlike Stores, Provisions, and other Necessaries, w ere g Z much

P refer vation of public Roads.

Woollen Ma nufacture.

Ditto.

730 31 Januariu A. 1744.

much wanted at Georgia in this Time of War; where- Colonel Bladen presented to the House, Report of the African upon they sent Supplies thereof, for the Supporc and De- Board of Trade to the Honourable House of Commons* TraJc» &c* fence of his Majesty’s Forces and Dominions, then under concerning the general State of the Trade to Africa, the the Command and Care of his Majesty’s General, James Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, belonging to Oglethorpe Esquire, Commander in Chief in South Caro- the Royal African Company of England, and' what is the lina and Georgia (which, fortunately for the Defence of necessary Charge of maintaining che fame; pursua'nt to an the Province, though to the great Lose of the Petitioners, Address of the said House to his Majesty, the Fi'rft Day arrived before the Spanish Invasion); whereby Part were of May 1744: And also, received, and used for his Majesty’s Service; but other 1.

Part, with the Vessels containing the m* were taken, burnt. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Wood, Secretary to the and destroyed, the jth Day of July 1742, either by the Commissioners of che Customs, dated the First of Decent-Spaniards, or funk, to prevent their falling into their ^1744; transmitting,

Hands; for, on that Day, after the strongest Resistance 2.

which could be made from the Fort, the Ship Success, and An Account of the Tonnage of the several Ships cleared Vessels of Force, and the Troops and Indians on Shore, from Great Britain for Africa, from Chnfimas 1729, to the Spaniards entered St. Simon s Harbour with Thirty-six Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

Sail of Ships and Vessels, and came to an Anchor about a 3*

Mile above the Fort, and landed upwards of Four thou- An Account of the Value of Goods to Afr ica, from sand Men, designed for the Conquest of Georgia and Ca~ Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1742; distinguishing each rolina: but the PafTes of the Woods being defended Year.

against the Spaniards, and they beaten in several Engage- 4-

ments, and defeated in several Attempts to advance farther Copy of a Letter from Mr. Henvill, Mailer of the in-> into the Country, were thereby kept upon the Sea Coast, corporated Society of Merchants at Brftol, to the Board until they were in the utmost Necessity for Provisions; of Trade, dated the 14th of September 1744. whereby the sinking anddestroying the said Provisions and 5*

Vessels proved to be of signal Service to his Majesty, and, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hardman, in behalf of the under God, with the Courage of his Majesty’s Forces, Merchants of Liverpool, dated the ad of November 1744; were the chief Means of driving so great a Number of transmitting,

Spaniards out of the Province, and thereby preventing . 6.

the dreadful Consequences, which mud otherwise have An Account of Ships belonging to the Port of Liver-happened to North America: That the other Petitioners Pool> employed in the African Trade in the Year 1743-4; had settled themselves, under his Majesty’s Charter, on together with a State of Gambia River and James Fort, the South Part of the Island of St. Simon's, where they *n 1743» had built Houses, and improved Lands; which Part of 7*

the Island the Spaniards having, by Superiority of Num- Answer of the Royal African Company of England to bers, been fora Time Marterof, when they found them- some Papers communicated by the Board of Trade to selves defeated in their further Attempts, did, before they Mr- Ha)'es> Deputy Governor, relating to the general State were forced to re-embark, burn and destroy all they could; t*le prade to Africa. whereby the said Petitioners lofttfcheir Houses, and many 8.

of their Effects: That authentic Testimonies of the Pe- Copy of a Letter from Mr. Spence, Secretary to the titioners Losses in the said Invasion are ready to be pro- R°yal African Company, dated the 13th of December duced, and a List of such Losses, with the Names of *744; inclosing several Papers relating to the Scare of those who sustained them, are to their Petition annexed: Trade, and Forts, in Africa.

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises in- 9*

to their Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett, Secretary to the House shall chink meet. Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 25th

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. 7uh *744; inclosing, An Extract of a Letter from

Captain Gregory, Commander or his Majesty s Bomb f

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vessel Comet, to him, dated at Spithead the 1 ich oI June amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for *743

the Preservation of the public Roads: And that che Lord And transmitting,

Dupplin, Sir John Ramsden, Sir James Lowther, Sir Henry IO' r

Lyddell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, and Mr. Mellish, do pre- J C°Py of Two Letters one from Thomas Buchannan,

pare, and bring in, the fame. datedat 2 " thf 1 *']» , 74a i/he other from

Isaac Gregory, dated at Why dab, the 30th or September

A Petition of George Bonell was presented to the House, J74*, to Captain Gregory, Commander of his Majesty’s and read 5 alleging, That the Woollen Manufactory of Ship the Norwich.

this Nation is, of lace Years, greatly decreased; occa- *

fioned chiefly by the clandestine Running of our Wool and Copy of a Letter from Captain Frogmore, Commander Woollen Yarn to France and other foreign Parts, to the of his Majesty s Ship the Ruby, to Mr. Corbett, dated at great Loss of our Poor, who might be employed in work- Longreach, the 22d of August 1743; inclosing, a State of ing up the Time, as well as to the Detriment of our Trade the Royal African Company s Forts on the Coast of to Turkey and the West Indies\ and that the Laws now in Africa; together with a Copy of a Letter to him from being have not been found fuffleient to remedy this great Mr. ^dball, a Merchant at the Bananoes, dated the 28th and growing Evil; and setting forth, That the Petitioner November 1742.

has, with great Labour and Pains, prepared a Scheme, _ r

which, if carried into execution, he apprehends, will ef- Extract of a Letter from Captain Boys, Commander of fe&ually prevent the Loss of this valuable Commodity to his Majesty's Sh.‘lP the Greyhound, to Mr. Corbett, dated this Country; and begs to have an Opportunity of laying c^e *4^ of tfprtl 1744-the same before this House, and to be heard thereon. *3-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Extract of a Letter from the Chiefs at Cape Coast Castle,

to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Greyhound, dated 9th April 1744. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *4*

to consider of the State of the Woollep Manufacture of Copy of a Letter from Mr. Corbett, Secretary to the Great Britain and Ireland. Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated che 21ft

of August 1744; inclosing, the Copy of a Letter to him

from

i8 Geo. II.

3 i° januarii — i°

from Captain Herbert, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship' the Woolwich, dated at Barbadoes, the 20th of March 1743-4-

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Chrbett, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 24th of November 17445 transmitting,

16.

An Account of the Royal African Company's Forts ind Factories on James Island, in the River Gambia.

x7-

State and Condition of all the Cattles and Factories belonging to the Royal African Company on the Gold Coatt of Africa, dated July 1744.

18.

Letter from Mr. John Boys to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, dated the 20th of February 1743-4.

x9-

Letter from the Officers of the Royal African Company at Cape Coast Cattle to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Greyhound, dated the 9th of April 1744.

20.

Request of several Matters of Ships to Captain jSoys, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Greyhound, to fire into the Town o( Annamaboe, dated the 12th of April *744-

21.

Letter from Mr. Gregory to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Greyhound\ dated at Whydah, 27th of April 1744.

22. ’

Letter from Mr. Gregory to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, dated at Wbydah, the 23d of April 1744.

*3-

Letter from Mr. Brown to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, dated at Epee, the 27th of April 1744.

24-

Letter from Mr. Crichton to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, dated at Annamaboe, the 12th of April 1744.

Letter from Mr. Woolhead to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, dated at Seconded Fort, the id of April 1744.

26.

Letter from Mr. Boteler to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Greyhound, dated at Commetida Fore, the 2d of Apt il 1744.

27-

Letter from Mr. Cleveland to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Greyhound, at Bonanoes, the 2ift of February 1743-4.

28.

Two Letters from Mr. Dacres to Captain Boys, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Greyhound, dated at Dixcove Fort, the 29th and 30th of March 1744.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Title of the said Report, and the said Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Report, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, t?o be perused by the Members of the House.

Laws agaSnft The Order of the Day being read, for the Idoufe to renaming. f0jve jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming^ Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to render more effectual an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A<5V to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Hoi le Races, and for amending an Act, made in the last Session

Vt)L. 24.

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, so far as the same relates to Horse Races.

Then the House resolved icself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill 5 artd that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* so consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Februarii;

Anno 180 Georgii IP4 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, from Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 1744; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account ffiewing how much of the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, raised upon Credit of the Duties on Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been discharged.

A Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Bo-, roughbridge, in the County of York, through North AI-lerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Fees', and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham 5 was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hedworib, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Turner, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Lamb-ton. Lord Strange, Lord Carteret, Colonel Conway, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Brereton, Mr. James Shuttleworth, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fenwick, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Vane, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Richard Shuttleworth, Mr. Temp eft, Mr. Yorke, Lord Perceval, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Blackett, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Piers, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Edward Montague, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Yorki Northumberland, and Cumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Landholders, and other Inhabitants, in the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Leicester, whose N ames are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth. That the Road leading from Knotting Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford or Northampton, through the Towns of Higham Ferrers and Fettering, in the said County of Northampton, to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Harborough, in the County of Leicester, is a great and the nearest Road from London to the said Town of Har borough, Leicester, Derby, Manchester, &c.: That the said Road is become so deep and ruinous, that it is almost impastable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages 5 and is very dangerous to Persons travelling on Horseback j and cannot be put in sufficient Re%pair by the ordinary Means already provided by the Laws of this Realm, without the Aid of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered\

Salt Duties.*

Money raised on Salt Duties.

Borough-bridge Road.

Knotting Gate Road,

Pate’s Name.

Westminster

Bridge.

73Z 1° Februarii. ^.1744,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ;and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Conway, Mr. Montague, Mr. Winniugton, Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr. Sir Thomas

Drury, Mr. Locke, Sir John Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Cornewallis, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Hen. Finch, Mr. Metcalf, Sir Charles Gilmour, Lord Gage, Mr. Walpole, Admiral Vernon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Grove, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Torke, Mr. Banks, Sir John Cust, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. French, Mr. Lewis, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir James Grant, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bedford, Leicester, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his I Hue, the Surname of Rose, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge1 was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, passed in his present Majesty’s Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of to the of-

pofite Shore in the County of Surrey, and are, by the said several Acts, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits, by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of; and are, by the said Acts, likewise impowered to lett, fell, or dispose of, such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they may be possessed of, over and above what may be necessary for the Opening and Widening of the said Ways, Streets, and Passages, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the fame: That the Petitioners havingaflign-ed and laid out several Ways, Streets, and Passages, to and from the said Bridge, and being desirous to preserve the fame, and the Buildings now erected, and hereafter to be erected, upon the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, free from all Annoyances, and to preserve the Uniformity and Beauty thereof, have agreed to dispose of some Part of the Premises, under such Agreements, Covenants, Limitations, and Restrictions, as the Petitioners have found necessary for those Purposes, and for the Benefit of the Public in general; which cannot effectually be enforced, and perpetually remain a Lien on the Premises, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such further Powers, for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the to,

Matter thereof; end report the fame, With their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And ic is referred to Lord Perceval, Sir John C-oJJe,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Welwyn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Croivle, Admiral Mr. Hamp-

den, Mr. Fox, Mr. Carets), Mr. Brereton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Walker, Admiral Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Charlton, Sir Roger Mr. Vyner, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr.-Bance, Mr. Doddington, Sir Francis Whitworth, General Onslow, Mr. Edwin, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr.

Torke, Colonel Conway, Mr. Fane, Lord Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Missing, Sir Daniel Lambert,

Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. West, Sir Charles Gilmour,

Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Hay, Sir John Chester, Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Carteret, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Thomas Gore,

Mr. Blackett, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr.

Mr. Laroche; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Suffer, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakei’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, I'MwQi passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, 6c-iU0:i intituled, An Act for the further Qualificadon of Justices of the Peace: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of several Persons, under the Denomination Regular; of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, within the Ci-bruri ties of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners have, for many Years, carried on the Business of lending (mail Sums of Money upon Pledges; great Numbers of whom have regularly served Seven Years Apprenticeship, and many Years Journeymen; and have, for a long time, been settled as Mailers in the Business; and have large Families depending on them for their Support; and, by long Experience, find, that a Business of this Nature is absolutely necessary in Places where Trade and Commerce floorish: That the Petitioners have long laboured under the public Reproach and Infamy of being Extortioners, and great Encouragers of Thieves; which, they apprehend, is owing to Misreprescntations of the Nature and Profit of their Business; for they are so far from being Encouragers of Thieves, that they very frequently detest them, and could oftener do so, if authorized to (lop suspected Persons; which chey many times dare not do, left, by miflaking Persons, they should subject themselves to vexatious and expensive Law Suits: That the Petitioners apprehend, their being deemed Extortioners arises from comparing their reputed or seeming Profit with the legal Interest of Money, without considering the great Expence and Labour attending the Business; for the Petitioners hope to make appear, to the Satisfaction of this House, that it cannot be carried on at a lower Rate, unless a certain Time was lectled and limited for tfv Redemption of Pledges, and the Petitioners not obliged to keep great and perishing Stocks by them; in which Cafe, they could afford, and would supply, the honed and industrious Poor at a cheaper Rate than they at present do:

That the Petitioners, not being legally justified in taking more than after the Rate of Five Pounds for the Loanot One hundred Pounds for One Year; and not being authorized to fell the Goods pledged with them, though of ever so peri(liable a Nature, many vexatious and expenfiveLaw Suits are daily commenced and carried on against the Petitioners, in respect thereof: That if the Business was regulated, and only such as should appear to be honed and reputable Persons were licensed by proper Authority to follow the fame, it WQuld not only be of much greater

Service

18 Geo. II.

I6 Februarii. , 733

Service to the honest and industrious Poor, but of public Benefit, by hindering Persons of ill Fame and Reputation from acting the rein; which, at present, is too much prac-tiled; and, from whose ill Conduct, the public Odium, conceived against the Business, has arisen: That the Petitioners, beinff conscious of their Innocence, are very desirous of having their Business and PraClices examined into; and are ready to do every thing in their Power to give Light into the same; not in the lead doubting but, upon the strictest Enquiry, they shall be so happy as not only to wipe off the unmerited Calumny they have so long groaned under, but that they shall be so regulated by this House, as to be able to carry on their Business, for the future, with Credit and Reputation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confutation, and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tPedminster A Petition of the Commissioners for building Bridge* jler Bridge, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set--ting forth. That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament, passed in his present Majesty's Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River 'Thames, from the City of Westminsltr to the oppo-iite Shore in the County of Surrey, and are, by Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his present Majesty, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of: That the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in building the said Bridge, and have purclufed several Houses and Pa reels of Ground, for opening, widening, and rendering convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; in doing which, they have expended almost all the Monies hitherto granted them for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality, and are still under Contrails for several Parts of the Works which are now carrying on, and which wii) amount to a greater Sum than is now in :the Hands of the Petitioners: That the Petitioners find themselves under a Necessityof applying to this House for such further Sums of Money as the House shall judge proper; that a Work, so useful and advantageous to the Public, may not be stopt for Want thereof: And therefore praying, that the House will take the " Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners

such further Sums of Money, as to the House shall seem meet. -

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Huntingdon, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, *c. Road. Land-owners, and others, living in or near the great Road leading from H, in the County of Hun-

iingdon, through Fennjlantcn, to the Town and Univer-t\f fuy of Cambridge, whole Names are thereunto subscribed:

And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of;

Wereieverally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Huntingdon, through Fennjlanton, to the Town and University of Cambridge, by reason of dte many heavy Carriages passing the re-Vol. 24.

t>n, is, in divers Places, become loruinobs, that'travellers cannot pass without great Danger; and that the same cannot be repaired, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament*. And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought into the House, for repairing and amending the said Road, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgeflfcs, of Huntingdon, the Town of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, &c-

and read; letting forth. That the Road leading from God-manchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the an-tienj and famous University and Town of Cambridge, to a House called the First Rubbing-house -on Nezvmarket Heenh, in the County of Cambridge, is of great Use to the Petitioners, and many others, who frequent the several Markets held at Huntingdon, St. Ives, Cambridge, and Newmarket-, and is the Road by which all the Inhabitants of the Northern Counties of this Kingdom pass to the said University and Town, and by which the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex, communicate with all the said Northern Counties, and receive a great Supply of Wool for carrying on their several Manufactures; and that many Hundred Waggons pass the said Road to Stirbitch Fair, annually in the Month of and that the said Road being, in some Part, so narrow, as to render it difficult for Carriages to pass each other, and lying through a flat Country, where Materials are scarce and dear, the several Parishes are unable to repair it by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law; so that the same is become very ruinous, and almost impassable, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and all others, whose Business requires them to pais that Way: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roatj, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Fellow is, Mr. Montague,

Lord Dupp/in, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Jeaffrefon,

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Compton, Mr. Tor he, Sir James

Grant, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bo, Sir Charles -

mour, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Pitt, Lord Gage, Mr. Parker,

Mr. West, S\r Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Ofoaldejton, Colonel Townsend, Lord Carteret, Mr. PMr. Thomas Gore, Sir Richard War. Bampfylde, Mr. Mr.

French, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mcnfon, Sir John Phillips-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the under-written Journeymen Taylors, in journeymes the Behalf of themselves, and others of their Fraternity, Taylor*, who labour at this Time under the Yoke of Oppression, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

First, intituled, An Act for regulating Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the said Journeymens Wages, from the Five-and-twentieth Day of March to the Four-and-twentieth Day of June, were reduced to Two Shillings per diem, and, for the rest of the Year, to no more than One Shilling and Eight diem-, notwithstanding it could not then, nor cannot yet, be denied, that those poor laborious Tradesmen are rarely employed by the Mailer Taylors more than One Half, and never above Two Third-parts, of the Year; which, at a Medium, will reduce the Statute Wages not coexceed Fourteen Pence per diem for the whole Year; and that, by another Clause of the same Statute, it is enacted, "That " no Journeyman Taylor shall refuse to enter into Work

9 A "or

4*’

jl4

t

734

" or Employment after Request made for that Purpose €< by any Matter Taylor, under the Penalty of being " committed by any Two or more Justices of the Peace " to a House of Correction, there to be kept at hard *' Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Two ct Months i" and that only within these Five Months last past, some of the most opulent Matter Taylors have, under Colour of the said Act of Parliament, most grievously oppressed many of the most humble and inoffen-five Petitioners, by not only fending them to Gaol, and Houses of Correction, but likewise have found Means, by their gross Mifrepresentations and partial Contrivances, to procure many of the said Journeymen Taylors ci)» be impressed for Recruits, and transported to the Plantations, to the utter Ruin of innocent Men, especially such as left a helpless Wife and small Children to starve for want of Bread: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take their unhappy same under Confide-ration, and to grant them Relief, by restoring this Body of poor, but innocent and useful, Men, to that Liberty, which they conceive, before the Making of the aforesaid Law, mutt be acknowledged to have been their Birth-righr, secured to them by Magna Charta, and the antient Constitution of this Realm} which has hithertopreserved a just and equitable Subordination, with respect to the Liberties of a free People.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Ire upon the Table.

Navy Ofti- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

cers Widow* thereunto subscribed, distretted Widows of Commission

Pensions. ani Warrant Officers of his MajestyVRoyal Navy, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundred others under the like Circumstances (together with a Copy of the Letters Patent herein after-mentioned), was presented to the House} and the said Petition was read } reciting his present Majesty’s Letters Patent, under his Privy Seal, dated the 50th Day of August 1732, granting and appointing Three Pence in the Pound from thenceforth to be deduced out of the Pay and Half-pay of all Officers of his Majesty's Navy, to be applied for the Support of the Widows of all Officers dying after that time; and also reciting, That his Majesty did thereby appoint a certain Number of Persons, confuting of the then Lords of the Admiralty, all the Flag Officers of the Navy, divers Captains, Lieutenants, Matters, Boatswains, Gunners, Carpenters, Pursers, and Surgeons, therein named, to be Commissioners or Governors, for the Management of such Charity; and to be under the Direction of a President, who is always to be the Lord High Admiral, or First Commissioner of the Admiralty, for the Time being, Two Vice Presidents, to be annually chosen, and a Treasurer, who is to be always the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being; who were impowered to receive as well the said Three Pence in the Pound, as also all Pensions granted upon the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, and all Gifts and Benevolences which might thereafter be given towards the Support of such Widows; and that / whereas several of the Commissioners therein named could not conveniently meet, in order to carry on his Majesty’s Royal Intentions, by reason whereof, many Inconveniences might ensue, Fifteen of the said Commissioners are thereby appointed to be a Court of Assistants of the said Charity; who are to be chosen annually at a General Court, and then to elect Two new Vice Presidents; and they are required to meet once a Month, or oftener, to the Number of Five or more, of which One of the Vice Presidents, or the Treasurer of the Navy, to be always One; and, upon the Death of a Vice President, or One of the Court of Assistants, a Court to be called, toconfift of Seven at the least, to fill up such Vacancy; and such Court

j. 1744.

of Assistants are to have the whose Management of the said Charity, and to examine, upon Oath, all Claims relating thereto, and propose, from time to time, such regular Methods to his Majesty as shall be necessary for the due Execution of this Trust; and setting forth, That, in the Year 1733, his Majesty, by his Sign Manual, established certain Orders for the Government of the Corporation of this Charity; whereby the Widow of a Captain, not possessed of Forty-five Pounds fer Annum, the Widow of a Lieurenanc or Master, not possessed of Thirty Pounds fer Annuirn> and the Widows of all inferior Officers, not pof- fefied of Twenty Pounds fer Annum, are intituled to a Distribution of this Charity; the Quantum to be settled by the Court of Assistants, who are impowered to lay out the Surplus in Government Securities, for raising a capital Stock for the Benefit of the Charity; and each Widow is to make Oath every Year, that (he is not possessed of an Income to the Value above prescribed, before (he can receive any Part of this Charity; as also, that (he is not married again j and it is especially directed, that no Officer or Servant, employed in this Chariry, shall receive any Salary or Gratuity, but that the whole shall be transacted gratis; and further setting forth. That, in the Year 1735* the Pay and Victualling of a fictitious Man in every Hundred Seamen borne on the Books of his Majesty’s Navy, was granted by Parliament as a Provision for all Sea Officers Widows in general, as well such whose Husbands died before as since the Date of his Majesty's Letters Patent; which is also under the Government and Direction of the Corporation and Court of Assistants thereby efla-blittied; and representing to the House, Thar, notwithstanding his Majesty’s wife and charitable Provision foe a just and proper Management of this Charity, the Petitioners have been very great Sufferers by the Dilute off holding such regular Monthly Meetings of the Court of Assistants, as directed by his Majesty 5 the said Court confiding principally of Persons in great Stations and Employments; their necessary Attention to more public and weighty Affairs have not offered them Ldfare to giirc such constant Attendance as the Nature of this Trust requires by which Means, the Business thereof hath beer* chiefly transaded by Clerks, who have been frequently imposed upon by artful and designing Women, to admit them into a Participation of this Charity, who were nowise intitled thereto; and that particularly some Women have been admitted, whose Circumstances exceeded his Majesty^ Limitation j some who have been married again, and others, whose Husbands had not been dead above Three or Four Months, have received an equal Share with those whose Husbands had been dead several Years; ail which Abuses could not have happened, if their Claims had been publicly entered before a Court of Assistants; to which the Petitioners might have had Rc-course, to disprove the same; and that, notwithstanding his Majesty’s express Command to the contrary, considerable Sums have been deducted for Salaries, and Fees for making up and passing Accounts, and other incident Charges; and further letting forth. That the Money arising by the Hundredth Man, and the Deduction of Three Pence in the Pound out of the Officers Pay, amounted to upwards of Nine thousand Pounds one Year with another, when no more than Ten thousand Men were borne upon the Books of his Majesty’s Navy; and that as Forty thousand have been allowed for Four Years past, the Petitioners did expect the Funds would of cotirfe have produced Four times the Money that arose from only Ten thousand; but no more than Fifteen thousand Seven hundred Eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence was distributed in the Year 1742; and*no more than Sixteen thousand Fifty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, in the Year 1743; which fell far short of the respective Sums allowed by his Majesty; and the Petitioners are now near Twenty Months in Arrear; to wit, from the First Day of June 1743; and most of them having no Subsistence but what arises from this Charity, are driven to inexprtffible Want and Misery; for the

1 " FebruariL

Ways and Means.

.Supply.

18 Ge6, II.

Februariu

the Prevention whereof for the flitbre^ the Petitioners hope same means may be found oat, whereby they mfcy be put upon such tegular and riektam Method of Payment Us the Widows of Land Qtfkeis.now are i and for want of which, the Petitioners, when drove to the utmdft Neceflicy, cannot take up any Money upon the Credit of their PenSons^ -but at the fodft excelTive arid ijfcoirbkant Premiums j such as Four or Five Shillings in the Pound, and sometimes more; whereas, were the Times of their Payment certain, they might borrow Money, for the Supply of their Wants, at moderate Interest; and fub-mirting to the Consideration of the House, that although the Officers and Seamen of the Royal Navy are not so frequently paid as the Land Forces are, yet, as there are regular Lists of all the Officers and Seamen borne on the Books of the Navy returned every Six Months, an exact Calculation might be made upon every such Return, as well of the Three Pence in the Pound, as of the Wages and Victualling of the Hundredth Man, and Provision be made for the Payment thereof, notwithstanding all the Ships from which the same doth arise be not paid off's but the Petitioners apprehend, an Establishment of this fort cannot be effected without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Hardships of their same into Consideration; and that such Money, as the separate Funds for their Relief have hitherto produced, may be forthwith distributed amongst the Petitioners, and such other Widows as are intitled thereunto; and that some parliamentary Provision may be made for the regular and frequent Distribution of this Charity for the future; or that the Petitioners may have such other Assistance and Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1743, to Seplmbtr 29,- 1744, bfc referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Faste tbok the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That their had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Hotffe will please to receive the same.;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning ncxtC

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to mdve, that they may have Leave to fitiagain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Arid then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next* Nine of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1744, hath been dif-_ posed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 2 2d Day of January 1744; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty, concluded the nth Day of August 1744, at London, with the Queen of Hungary, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty concluded at Whitehall the 27th Day of April 1744, with the Elector of Menlz, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, their High Mightinefies the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, of the one Part, and his most Serene Ele&oral Highness of Cologne, Bishop and Prince of Munster, of the other Part, Hague, the 4th of July 1744^ and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November 16, 1743, to November 14, 1744, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That Contracts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge between November 16, 1743, and November 14, 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners oi Westminster Bridge, from September 29, Vol. 24.

Lunes, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 180 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Pr AVer Si

THE House being informed, That Mr. Dawson, from Money rajftd the Exchequer, attended at the Door; on Silt D#-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the tics*

House, pursuant to their Order, An Account shewing how much of the Sum of £. 1,200,000, raised upon Credit of the Duties on Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; v'vz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgestes, in Parliament assembled.

An Account shewing how much of the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, raised upon Credit of the Duties on Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been discharged.

These are to certify, That there has been paid off and discharged of the said Duty on Salt, on the First Day of February 1744, the Sum of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand Nine hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, 4th February 1744. John Dawjon,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House*

The House being informed, that Mr. Sparke, Accountant General to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Supplies the Royal African Company of England have sent out for the Repairs, Defence, and Subsistence, of their Forts and Settlements in Africa, for the Year 1744; distinguishing the Species, Numbers, Quantities, and Amounts, of all the Particulars whereof the said Supplies have confided, and the Places they were sent to.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

African Forts, *e.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner, Mr. Ofbaldeflon, Mr. Knotting Wilkinson, Mr. Piers, Sir John Ramsden, Colonel Mo- Gate Road. ftyn. Colonel Townshend\ Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Towns-13 hind,

75 6 40 Februarii. 1744.

betide Mr. Bcdville, Mr. Keene, Mr. Owen, Mr. Levinz, They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr. Mordaunt, Sir John Turner, Mr. Dormer, Mr. House, pursuant to their Orders an Account of the gross Bance, Lord Harrington, Lord Coke, Lord Hilsborough, Sir and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, from Michael* Hugh Smithson, Mr. Stanley, Mr. £///'/, Colonel £//w/, be 1740, to Michaelmas 1744; distinguishing each

added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Year.

Gentlemen, Freeholders, Landholders, and other Inhabi- And then they withdrew.

tants, of the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Lei- And the Title of the said Account was read*

eester, is referred. The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Salt Dutfcs. The House being informed, that some of the Coihmif

sioners of the Salt Duties attended at the Door;

1

l

'"I

uA

; ' MI

AN

o

I*

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, from Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 17445 distinguisliing each Year.

From Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 1741 -

From Michaelmas 1741, to Michaelmas 1742 -

From Michaelmas 1742, to Michaelmas 1743 -From Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 1744 -

The groft Produce.

Drawbacks for Salt exported. Beef and Pork exported, Salt loft at Sea Salt over-entered, Rock Salt melted, and Salt Duty-free, used in curing Fish.

£ d. 557.^94 1* H 567.844 — 9*

52 3,072 2 2

5°3»55I 4 7*

£ s. d.

265,327 15 i

281,439 !3 8*

264,095 13 214.653 4 7s

VO

09

D'.fcount on prompt Payment.

Allowance for Wade on Salt carried Coastwise.

£ d.

20,282 2 7-i

I9.74I 9 —

20,021 II 9*

20,746 lO If

£ 11,634 6 1 of

11,074 18 4

11.275 1 11

ii,7*7 11

Bounty, or Premium, on Filk exported. Charges of Management. Payments into the Exchequer, or net Produce.

£ s. d. £ d. £ * d.

13,818 4 11 27.481 »3 4 93.969 14 4s

»3.892 13 9t 27,056 4 6{ 183,326 14 9s

14,681 2 n| 26,836 8 4i 96,733 *4 8J

14.342 3 »o| 26,498 5 ii I92,329 2 2

iV*. 2?. The Account from Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 174*, is not quite pet feci; the Curers of Fish accounting but once a Year for the Salt delivered Duty-free; namely, at Lady-day♦

Salt Office, 4th February 1744-Ex4. Greenwood, Accomptant.

Edward AJtleyr Henry Talbot Jo. Churchill\ John Fere*

OO

O

w

o

r

1

*-4

VJ

Pate’s

Name.

Hedon, &c. Road.

la

St Martins and St Michaels Fin-cham Parochial Union.

Puniftiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Supply.

Recruiting the Army.

Supply.

738 40 — 50 — 6° Februarii. A. 1744.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to be perused by the Members of the House. ' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his I flue, the Surname of Rose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his Issue Male, the Surname of Rose.

Ordered, That Sir John Crojfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, through the said Town, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Hull North Bridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crow/e, General Pulteney, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Vere, Mr. Nugenty Mr. Knight, Mr. Which cote, Colonel Conway, Mr. Brook shank, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Owen, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Bance, Mr. West, Sir Henry Calthrope, Mr. Laroche, General Onslow, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hales, Sir James Grant, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord -Carteret, Colonel Holmes, 'Mr. John Pitt, Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir John Cust, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Winford, Sir John Hynde Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Coke prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for uniting the Vicarage of Fincham Saint_ Martins to the Rectory of Fincham Saint Michaels, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling the Right of Presentatioij to the fame:’ And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Martisj 50 die Februarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

f\RDE R ED That Mr. Neale, Lord Granard, Lord Discovmet Limeric, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Norb. Berkeley, Mr. ,n Hooper, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Crowle, Major Selwyn, Sir James Lowther, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Ramsden,

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Stanley,

Lord Strange, Sir James Grant, Mr. Grant, Mr. GWynne,

Captain Gough, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Lyster, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Office of jwho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- Coroner, suant to the Resolutions, reported upon the Twenty-second Day of January last, from the Committee appointed ' to consider of the Laws in being, relaring to the Office of Coroner; and to report their Opinion to the House *what further Provisions or Alterations might be proper to be made therein; which Resolutions were agreed to by the House upon the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month; That they do make Provision in the said Bill for regulating the Execution of the said Office.,

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House of all Officers or the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Sea Officers, Half-pry. now on Half-pay; specifying the Dates of their several Commissions, and the Time when they were respectively put on Half-pay.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Februarii;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Anno i8° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1744.

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- p

ment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Prayers.

Secretary at War, Mr. Winnington, and Mr. Boone,; do \ PETIT! ON of the Barbers of London, whole Names Separate In. prepare, and brine; in, the fame. 1 \ are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, corporation

and the rest of the Barbers of London, was presented to the 0 ^ursc0ns‘ Mr. Fane, according to Order., reported from the Com- . House, and read; setting forth, That the Barbers of Lon-mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to don (most of them formerly being also Surgeons) were, consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, by King Edward the Fourth, incorporated, with several the Resolution, which the Committee had directed' him Powers and Privileges for the Examination and Comptrol to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and of the Practice of Surgery; but that Surgery, in Time, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where becoming a separate Employment, the Surgeons of London the same was read; as is as followeth; viz. formed themselves into a Society, which, in the Reign

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Henry the Eighth, confided but of Twelve Persons:

That the Sum of One hundred Seventy-seven thousand That the Corporation of Barbers being seised of divers Fourhundred Twenty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Lands and Tenements, and the Surgeons being too few Three Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, to to form a distinct Corporation, and, as is presumed, demake good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service- firous to unite themselves, and to be incorporated with of the Year 1744. the said Company of Barbers, the Parliament, in the Thirty-

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, second Year of the last mentioned Reign, wes pleased to upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. unite the said Two Companies; but nevertheless, in order

to keep the Two Occupations for ever separate and dif-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tinct, expressly restrained the Barbers from the Practice the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Re- of Surgery, and the Surgeons from the Excrciie of Bar-giments of Foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, bery or Shaving: That all the Advantages of this Union and the Plantations; and Regiments of Marines: And plainly appear to have been on the Surgeons Side; they that Mr. Secretary at War, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir having thereby become possessed of the Powers granted to,

William Calvert, Major General Wentworth, and Mr. and Partakers of the Estates purchased by, the Barbers; Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. whilst, on the other hand, the Barbers were deprived of

the Exercise of a Profession so much more profitable than The other Order of the Day being read; their own: That, under the present Form and Constitu-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning tion of the united Company, the Surgeons are become next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, a very large, rich, and flourishing Body, whilst the Com-to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. pany’s Estates are, by Losses and otherwise, considerably 4 x5 reduced,

18 Geo. II.

6° Februar

'739

AQ*,&cc. of Coromon Council of London.

reduced, so as to be unable to provide for their numerous Poor, without the Assistance and Support of the Surgeons: That as the Surgeons have thought proper, for above Two hundred Years, to acquiesce under the Union of the Two Companies, whilst it was advantageous to them, they ought, in Justice and Gratitude, to submit to it, when become beneficial to the Barbers: That, nevertheless, the Petitioners find, by the printed Votes of this House, that forne of the Surgeons have, without the Concurrence of the Petitioners, presented a Petition for Leave that a Bill may be brought in to dissolve the said Union, and to make a Partition of the real and personal Estates of the united Company: That the Petitioners are satisfied, this House will not, without the most evident and abiblute Necessity, agree to the Repeal of an Act of / Parliament, in which the Petitioners Rights and Properties are so deeply concerned: That the Petitioners are not conscious that the said Union is, in any respect, inconvenient to the Practice of Surgery, or to the Progress or Improvement of that Science, or in the lead detrimental to the public Good; nor is the Business of Barbery or Shaving become more foreign to, or independent of, the Practice of Surgery than it was by the Legislature understood and declared to be at the time the said Union was established: That the Petitioners hope, if they may have an Opportunity cf being heard, to make it appear, that the Diflblution and Division prayed by the Surgeons will be a manifest Prejudice and lnjustice to the Petitioners; and that the Allegations of the said Petition have no manner of Foundation, nor are sufficient to induce a Repeal of the Act in Question: And therefore praying the House to take the Calc of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counid, in what they have to offer against the Allegations and Prayer of the said Petition, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the House shall please to order; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Surgeons of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Surgeons in the City and Suburbs of London, is referred: And that these Petitioners, the said Barbers, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the Petition of the said Surgeons.

Rye

Barbour.

Com ofed in

Di Hilling.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates to the Making or Passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon ‘Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from Mr* Corbett to Mr. Stone, Admiralty Office, February 4th, 1743*4: And also.

Copy — Report on the State of the Harbour of Rye. And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Yeomen, Farmers, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and Vol. 24.

the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for encouraging the Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn,*which recites, That, by an Act, made in the Parliament held in the First Year of their* Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with Francey all Brandies, Aqua Vita, and Spirits, were prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom; and that good and wholesome Brandies, Aqua Vnaj, and Spirits, might be made and drawn from malted Corn; for the Encouragement, therefore,^of Making of Brandies, strong Waters and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage in this Kingdom, a Duty of One Peny only was imposed on every Gallon of low Wines of the First Extraction, drawn and made from Drink brewed and made of any Sort of malted Corn; and the several Duties of Eight Pence, Twelve Pence, and Three Pence, were imposed on every Gallon of such low Wines made or drawn from the several other Materials therein mentioned; and several Provisions were thereby made, for obliging all Distillers to draw their low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink, made of malted Corn intirely, without any Mixture with any Melasses, Walh, or Tilts, or other Materials whatever; and, for the further Encouragement of Distillers, and others, to draw and make Spirits of Brandies from malted Corn, and to export the fame, a Drawback, upon Exportation, was allowed, of Three Pence for every Gallon of Brandy or Spirits made and drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials; and further setting forth, That the several Du ties were continued, and the said Provisions, with the Allowance of the said Drawback, were re-enacted by an Act, made in the 7th and 8rh Year of the Reign of King William the Third; and that by an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Year of the Reign of King William the 3d, which imposed several new Duties on low Wines or Spirits of the First Extraction, the like Drawback is allowed upon Exportation, of Spirits or Brandy made from malted Corn only, as aforesaid; but that, notwithstanding these and other Acts made to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn, Distillers and others, in preparing Spirits and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities of unmalted Corn, of Corn not sufficiently malted the said Distillers pretending that they are licensed so to do by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; whereby, for the Encouragement of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, a Drawback, upon Exportation, is allowed of £.4. 18s. for every Ton of such Spirits; and, for every Ton of Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, the Bounty of£. 1. 10s. is also directed to be paid to the Exporter of the fame, when Barley is at Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, or under; which Act, nevertheless, doth not, as the Petitioners apprehend, repeal any of the Provisions made by the Acts before-recited, for obliging all Distillers to draw their low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesomeDrink, made of malted Corn intirely; and further setting forth, That, by such Use of unmalted Corn, much less Corn, as well as Malt, is consumed; and that, with the Grains of unmalted Corn now used in Brewing, and preparing spirituous, and other Liquors, Distillers, and others, dofeed and fit a great Number of Hogs, which would otherwise be better fed and fatted in the Country by Farmers and Graziers, or would necessarily consumeagreat Quantity of Pease and Beans, and coarse Corn mixed with Grains, if the said Distillers, and others, were obliged to use malted Corn only: And therefore praying, in behalf of themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, which alfe tends so much to the Diminution of the public Revenue, Jeffening the Consumption of Corn, also the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give Relief to the Petitioners, by enforcing the said Laws heretofore made for the Consumption

J

740 6* — 7 Februa. 1744.

fumption of malted Corn, or by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a; Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Mr. White, Mr. Kent, Mr, Talbot, Mr. Carew, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir Naibanael Curzon, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir John Philipps, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Henry Calthrope, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sel~ wyn, Mr. Glanville, Mr Fere, M r. IVilk inf on, Mr. Of baldeston, Sir James Grant, Mr. Williams, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord Barrington, Dr. Lee, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Ockenden, Colonel Mojlyn, Mr. Knight, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Downing, Mr. Cornewall, Sir JWit Chapman, Sir 70/^ Rushout: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Regulating Ordered, That the Petition of several Persons, under

Pawnbrokers the Denomination of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the regulating of Pawnbrokers, is committed: And that the Petitioneis be heard, by them-ielves, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to an Means. ref0]ve ;tYejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how much of the Sum of £. 1,200,000, raised upon Credit of the Duties on Salt, granted for the Service of the Year 1741, hath been discharged, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Salt, from Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 1744; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Huntingdon, Ordered, That Mr. Edward Finch have Leave to

Jrc. Road/ make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented a Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Town of Cambridge, to the House

called the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, itl the County of Cambridge, is, in some Parts, lo narrow* and in others so ruinous, as to render it not only very difficult, but dangerous, for Carriages and Passengers, elpe-cially in the Winter Season, that the Provision made by Law for Repairs of Highways is not sufficient to enlarge and amend the said Road tffe&ually: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and repairing the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall Lem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the\Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-owners, and others, living in or near the great Road leading from Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenn~ flan ton, to the Town and University of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Huntingdon; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge; are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the* House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Juice of Liquorice exported and imported, from Ml-chaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘Scrope have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Wines imported into England in Five Years past; distinguishing each Year; and how much thereof was imported into London, and how much into the Out Ports.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane have Leave to make a Motion:.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account Quarterly of the several Sorts of Wines imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in Five Years pall; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 70 die Februarii;

Anno 180 Georgii II. Regis, 1744. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, xpresented to the* JHouse, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Wines imported into England, in Five Years past; distinguishing each Year; and how much thereof was imported into London, and how much into the Out Ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

M

Liquorice

Juice

'exported.

Wines imported into England.

Wines imported into Scotland.

Wines imported inte England.

Ordered,

t*

Am A C COU NT of the Quantity of the feverah Sorts of Wines imported into England, in Five Years pad; tjlftinguishing each Year; and how much thereof was imported into London,

and how much into the Out Ports.

oo

s

8

o

'to Christmas 1739

- — - 1740

- — - - 1741

- — - - >74*

L* - — *743

Total

LONDON. Total of London.. ' - 0 X; T PORTS. Total of Out Ports. TOTAL of London and Out Ports.

r Portugal. Spanish and others as pay the same Duty. French. Rhenish. f r Portugal. - Spanish and others as pay the same Duty. French. \ Rheni/h.

Tuns. H. G. Tun.. JI. -G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. H. G. Tuns. II. G. Tuns. G, Tuns. H. G. TunsC II. G. Tun*. H. C. Tun*. H. G. Tuns. H. G.

VJ l-t M OO 1 M 3>93° ~ 51 565 — 26 *5* 4 11,764 219 4,629 I 46 2,098 — 26 42 1,35 60 , I 28: 6,830 I 9 <8,594 3 48

4.144 , 4 25 4,662 — 4 813 3 33 >69 — 43 9.789 2 42 3.38° 1 j *,934 — 30 42 3 '4 54 — 34 5,409 I l8 15,198 3 60

9>*36 3 5' 435 * 55 *58 ~ 37 134 2 — .9,665 1 17 7,422 1 26 .13 >4 7 6 3 62 70 — 17 7,5*4 J 49 7* 78 3

8,825 3 *9 7‘5 — *4 408 3 49 I78 ~ 38 10,126 — 4 6,446 — 54 44 3 14 27 — - 10 7* 3 41 6,589 3 54 *6,715 3 58

10,446 1 47 301 3 X 296 — II 146 a 47 ".19° 3 43 . 6,165 1 9 226 — 35 14 — 54 58 2 19 6,464 — 54 *7,655 — 34

39,669 5 27 9,844 2 62 2,242 — 30 779 3 6 52,536 1 62 28,043 2 12 4.316- 2 47 ,433 49 3*3 — *3 32,806 2 58 >5.343 — 57

r

Custom House, London,7th February, 174$

John Oxenford, Mi* I. General.

oho, 81

74*

Februarii.

A. i

Speenhtm-land Road*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,;

The above-mentioned Act of Parliament was iaid before the Committee, and Part thereof read; whereby it

There was produced to the Committee the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Aimey whereby several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road, payable for the Term of Twenty-one Years commencing from the Palling of the Act: And also,

The said Act, made in the 11 th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; whereby the said Tolls were continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years.

There was likewise produced the Accounts for the Years 1741, 1742, and 1743, of the Treasurer of the said Tolls j whereby it appeared, that 2,oooo Pounds had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, and remained Rill unpaid , and that the Interest of the said Money, together with other necessary Disbursements for keeping the said Road in Repair, had amounted, each of those Years, to more than the Money collected. . v And, in order to prove the Necessity bf enlarging the Term granted by the said Acts,

There was produced an Order of the General Quarter

appeared, that several Tolls were granted and made pay- ^Sessions of the Peace, held at Devizes, for the County able during the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repair- of , on the 3d Day of in the 17th Year of his ing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of ‘ present Majesty’s Reign, reciting, That " whereas the

Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Then the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. George Garret, Clerk to the Trustees: Who said. That, to answer the Intention of the said Act, byeffectu-ally carrying on the Repairs of the Highways, the Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the Act granted.

And he further laid. That although the Money borrowed and collected by virtue of the said Act has been duly applied in amending the Highways directed to be repaired, yet the same hath proved insufficient for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Term granted by the said Act of the 1 ith Year of his " late Majesty King George is almost expired; and that the " Purposes for which the said Act was granted are not yet, " nor can be, fully answered j nor can the Monies ad- vanced upon the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be enlarged:" The said Court did therefore order, " That a proper Application be made to Parliament at the next Session, in " order to obtain an Act for enlarging the said Term, * and the Powers granted in and by the said Act of the " 1 ith Year of his late Majesty."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Then the same Witness produced, and laid before, the the effectual repairing the Highways between Shepherds Committee, an Account of Receipts and Disbursements, Shord and the Devizes, and the Top of Arlington Hill

in relation to the Execution of the said Act, for Nineteen Years paftj by which it appeared, that there was now due and owing, on the Credit of the Tolls granted, the Sum of £.1,600, and upwards.

It appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Geo. Garret and George Thompson, that the above Sum of £.1,600, with Interest for the fame, cannot, during the remaining Part of the subsisting Term (which expires the 2d of May 1747), be repaid; and that the Highways cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers, by the former Act granted, be further continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a * Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted

and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts', by enlarging the

Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts j one of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First: And that Mr. Garth and Dr. Lee do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

'Office «f Come.

Ordered, That Mr. OJbaldeston be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, reported upon the 22d Day of January last, from the Committee, appointed to con-lider of the Laws in being relating to the Office of Coroner; and to report their Opinion to the House, what w further Provisions or Alterations might be proper to be

by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his. made therein; which Resolutions were agreed to by the late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the House, upon the 24th Day of the same Month.

Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in

the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed

Wilts: And that Mr. Popham, Mr Packer, Sir Robert in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

Long, and Mr. Powney, do prepare, and bring in, the An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the CMite-

K.

h

Justictise

Pfict

fame.

Shepherds Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the Shord Road. Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts, alfetnbled in their General Quarter- Sessions held by Adjournment, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Afldington Hill and ford, in the County of Wilts-, and also one other Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging thcTerm granted in the first-mentioned Act, and explaining and making the same more effectual and extensive; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition) and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Woolta

Mutfadtott

Peace, was read a Second time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon J’uefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported from England from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1744; distinguishing each Year, and how much from London, and how much from (he Out Ports.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Woolaiwl of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn that hath, for Seven Years last past, been put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be carried Coastwise from one Port to another, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and re-landed again; distin-guiming each Year, and the several Ports from which such Wool was put on board, and where re-landed.

Mr.

18 Geo. II.

7* — 8° Februarii.

743

’Way* Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com-isdM'cana. mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 't'hat, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the several Duties on Salt, and also on Red and White Herrings delivered out for Home Consumption, which, by an Act, of the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, were continued and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the Five-and-twentiethDay of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-three, be further continued from the Four-and-twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two, to the Five-and-twentieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, the Earl of,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Ar undell, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scro, and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° di Februarii;

jo( Years: And the feme Was received) and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Fumiflitnji Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give Di-rest ions, that his Majesty's Forces in Flanders He furnished, as far as is possible, with the Manufactures, Corn, and other Product of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, the Letter from Charles Hayes Esquire, Deputy Governor of the Royal Company of England, to Thomas Hill Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Trade, dated the 31st of December 1744, containing his Observations on the Nature of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, the Letter from Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company of England, to Thomas Hill Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Trade, dated the lft of Jan 1744; inclosing Answers, drawn up by the Accountant of the said Com* pany, to Queries from the Board of Trade to the Directors of the said African Company.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Com (distinguish-ing the Species thereof) exported from Great Britain, from Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 1744; together with the Bounty paid thereupon; and also an Account of the Places from and to which the said Com was exported.

lUgoUting

Pawnbroker*

'.r>

u>

Expiring

laws.

this Session: And the fiud Account is as followeth 1

viz.

Africa*

Trade.

Cora

exported*

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced

Anno 18* Georgii II41 Regis, 1744.

P&ATERS.

ff\RDERED, That Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Turner, Sir Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled John Crosse, Sir John Peachy, Mr. John Finch, to receive Half pay in with an Estimate

Mr. OJbaldefion, Mr. Wm. Finch, Sir HughSmithfon, of the Charge thereof for the Year 1745.

Mr. Hume, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by Wm. Calvert, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyldc , Mr. his Majesty’s Command, a List of the Widows of such Vere, Mr. Bacon, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Ma-James Lowther, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Henry lines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Finch, Mr. Frederick, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Hay, Sir Great Britain, and who were married to them before the John Gordon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716; with an Estimate Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen of the Charge thereof for the Year 1745.

Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, is com- Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pur-mitted. suant to their Address to his Majesty, Account of extraordinary Expences of the Troops in British Pay, serving Ordered, That Mr. Archer, Mr. Grenville, Lord Hilf- in Flanders in the Year 1744, incurred and not provided borough, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Roger for by Parliament.

NewJigate, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir And the Titles of the fiud Lifts and Account were Wm. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Edwin, read.

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Martin, Admiral Mathews, The said lifts are bound up with the other Papers of Admiral Vernon, Lord Chetwynd, Mr Thurjby, beadded

to the Committee, appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring.

faypVy Bill $ Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order,

°B a for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt,

"b and upon Red and White Herrings* for a further Term

Half-pay

Officer*.

Officer*

Widow*.-

Extra* of Army ia Flaaoen.

k'

You 14.

8° Februarii.

744

A. 1744-

account of the extraordinary Expences of the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders, for the

Year 1744, incurred and not provided for by Parliament.

For extraordinary Forage Douceurs to the Troops of Hanover Waggon-money to D"

8,396 — n

*5>994 7 10

For Bread, over and above the usual Dudufltions from the Troops - -

Extraordinary Expences of the Hospital - -

For Bread Waggons ——

For Medicines supplied to the Hospital - - - - 1 - 1 - -

T<q fondry additional Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital -

For Tents and Camp Necessaries for the Horse and Dragoons - - " - -

Bas and Baggage Horses for the Six Regiments ordered to Flanders - -

For extraordinary Baggage Horses to the other Troops mFlanders, and disembarking Recruit . Horses there , ——

Tp. make good the Loss of Horses in their Passage from Ireland to Flanders -To Lieutenant Colonel Poole and Major Jeffery s’, for extraordinary Expences in transporting Draughts of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, from Ireland to England, and from thence to . Planters - - - - -: -

Towards the satisfying of which, there was granted by Parliament 1 -X^e Deduction of1 6d.in the Pound from the Pay of the foreign Tfoops

Retrains to be provided for by Parliament'- ' <-

War Office,-8tK February.1744. \ ,r.

100,000-----

9,844 6 61

l. s. d.

110,049 l7 1

i 24,390 8 9

4>259 2 5.

13.645 3 —

*23,192 4 id

6,376 it 9

2,380 4 to

5,670-----

>59° r-rr

557

9*9 — r*

a,66a — 6

195,691 11^ 3

; . >;.* . 4 109,844*' 6 ‘6

J’ ^5*847 ’ 4

Will. Yonge.

Vk'LV

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon ita Table* to b$ perused by the Members of the House.

leitures of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

Wool. Gf a]j unmanufactured Wool and Yarn that hath, for $gycn Years JaftjDaft, been seized by any of his Majesty’s

of; the Customs or Excise; specifying the Time

when, and the Place where, ejeh particular Quantity hath , so seized- ;.; '*

’ n,

, Woollen . Ordered, That \He*fy Baxter do, ,on Thursday Morning M^aufatS^re. next5 attend the Qoprmittee of the whole House, o, whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Woof-ten Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Beverley . Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to Beck Credc w^om the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-Can. -geffes, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had jdirected him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards d.eliyeredit in at the Clerk’s Table,: 'Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the^aid Petition,

An Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening, and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, was produced, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared, that several Duties were granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Beverley, for the Time being, upon all Goods laden or unladen in any Part of the said Beck, or upon the River Hull, within the Precincts of the said Town, for cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving the said Beck; and for repairing the Staiths adjoining the re; and for amending the Roads leading from the said Town to the said River.

Then Mr. William Nelf on junior, being examined, said, That, in order effectually to carry on the said Works, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, borrowed the Sum of £.1,050; which, as well as the Tolls collected, was applied according to the Directions of the said Act: That lS

the greatest Part of the said Sum still remains unpaid; and that the present Duties will not be sufficient to discharge the fame, and repair and maintain the said Works, Being examined as t<* the Condition of the said Beck, he said, ThaFthefame is in Danger of being choaked up with Mud Spil brought into it by the Tide: That the Banks are fallen in, in several Places, and will require to be supported by Piles and Jetty-work; and that, upon a moderate Computation, the Charge of cleansing the said r ! BecK, and making the Works necessary for preserving she fame, will amount to 3 or £. 400. '

Being further examined> he laid. That many of the Duties imposed by the said Act are loft; because it is apprehended, that the Collectors have not Power to examine into the several Species of Goods chargeable therewith; and he instanced in Salt, for Three Hogslieads of which (each Hogshead containing 14 or 15 Hundred Weight), being packed as Sugar or other Goods; only 4^.'is paid; whereas the Duty payable for Salt is 4^. a Ton:

That the Tolls laid by the said Act, are, in many Cafes, unequal to the Value of the Goods; the same Duty being paid for 1,000 Bricks as is paid for 3 Hogsheads of Sugar.

11 Being further examined, he said, That the Carriage of Goods to and from the said Beck and River Hull, in Carriages having narrow Wheels (hod with Iron, has been very detrimental to the Roads and Pavement; but that the same would be prevented, were the Carriages obliged to have broad Wheels unihod.

And he added. That the keeping open of the said Beck, and preserving of the Roads leading thereto, will be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Country adjacent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening, and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Sever-leyiin the East Riding of the County of York; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and River Hull: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Vane, and Mr.. Charles Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Message

I 8 GEO; It.

§" — I i° Peb

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwhrds arid Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Ul;e*£n for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and i4 c* Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum* Cyder, and Perry, in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five; without any Amendment: And also,

StAlargaret’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act King^Lynn to ena^e Pari Ihi oners of the Parish of Saint Margaret,

within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of ttie laid Parish, without any Amendment: And also,

Kingston The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act U*KoaiU,i for repairing the Road leading from the Town of King-Jion upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, without ahy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pnmshing Mr. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, actord-Mutiny and ;ng to Order, a BiiVor punishing M utiny and Dtfeftioa,’ c ertion. anj fQr the bett;er payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Dav being read;

nfp?y. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-'

ing next* resolve if (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, ii° Febru&rii j

Anno i8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Borough- A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Far-brid^e Road. Lx. mers, and Inhabitants, of- and in the Liberty or Wapentake o\ Langbaurgh, called Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Freeholders and Inhabitants of and in the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read 5 fettingibrth, That the said Liberty, or Wapentake, commonly called Cleveland, is of a very large Extent 5 the farpe confiding of Four several Market Towns, and near-Eighty other fe--veral Townships or Constableries: That a great Part of the Grounds therein, are proper for Tillage, and used as such; for the._manuring and improving whereof, the Owners and Occupiers thereof are obliged yearly to fetch very great Quantities of Lime out Of the County of Durham-, from whence the most Part of the Inhabitants of Cleveland aforesaid are also supplied with Lime for building, and other Uses, and likewise with Coals for their Fires; all which they fetch with Hdrfes, Carts, and other Carriages, at a very great Expaice; a great Part of Cleveland aforesaid lying about Twenty-five Miles didarit from the Coal Pits, and Twenty Miles didant from the Lime Kilns: That the said Coal Pits, and the most of the Lime Kilns, from whence die Petitioners are supplied with Lime and Coal, as above let forth, are respectively situate on the Wed Side of the Road leading from Croft Bridge oh the River Tees, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; for the repairing of which laid Road, a Bill is now depending in this House; and that Cleveland aforesaid being situate on the contrary Vol. 24.

Side of the said Road, all Horses, Caris, and other Carriage*; passing and repairing from thence to and from the said Coal Pics and Lime Kilns, are obliged td cross the said Road in several Parts thereof; and, in some Parts where they cross the said Road; must necessarily travel a fllort Sjjace there-

oil; that; should the said Bill pass into a Law, and Toll-, gates or Turnpikes be erected or placed on such Parts of the said Roads, as the Petitioners Horses, Carts; or other Carriages; must necessarily cross or travel upon, in fetch- ing of Coal or Linle, and the Petitioners be thereoy sub- jested to the Payment of the Toils Or Duties intended to be laid by the said Bill, the Petitioners apprehend the same would be a very great Hard ship, and very much hinder the Improvement of their Lands: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, without Provisoes or Clauses therein for exempting of all such.

Horles, Carts, or other Carriages, from the Payment of any Toll; which do not otherwise use the said Road thari in passing and repairing to and from the said Coal Pits and Lime Kilns above-mentioned, in the fetchingoTCoal and Lime from thence; and that the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises, as to Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered. 'That the said Petition be referred to the Considerotion of the Committee, to Ivhom the Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees; and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, of the City of Durham; is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Southam, and ofdivers Birmingham other Towns and Villages, in the County of Warwick, Roads; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Turnpike erected at Warwick Bridge is greatly injurious and oppreffive to the Petitioners, and ail others travelling the Roads leading to the said Town of Warwick, as well from Southam and the said other Towns, as also from Daventry and Towcester, in the County of Northampton, as no Parts of the said Roads are repaired with the Monies collected by virtue of the Turnpike aforesaid: And therefore intreating the House, in case the Grant of a further Ternl of Years for repairing the said Roads should pass into a Law, and the said Turnpike be continued at Warwick Bridge, to take the Hardshipof their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief against the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of^ the Trustees, whose Names ape thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First; for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through t Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick; and of the Creditors under the said Act; and also of several Persons living in; near, or usually travelling through, the Road leading from Birmingham aforesaid, to Meriden, in the said County of Warwick, and front thence to the City of Coventry; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for uniting the Vicarage of Fincham Saint Mar- St. if.irtiris tins to the Rectory of Fine ham Saint Michaels, in the arui St. Mi-County of Norfolk; and for settling the Right of Pre- ^am^ro! fentation to the fame; was read a Second time. chial Union.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ttirnet,

Lord Coke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Knight, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hay, Sir Daniel Lambert, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr Yorke, Mr Owen, Lord Chetwynd,

Dr. Cotes, Sir John Norris, Sir J nines Grant, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Brer et on. Sir Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Delme; and all the Alem-9 D hers

746 \\° FebruariuA. 1744.7

here who serve For the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sandwich The Lord fore Beatcclerk pfeTented to the House, by Harbour, his Majesty’s Command, pursuant to an Address of this House to his Majesty, of the Twenty-Fourth Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, Report, and Efti- mate subjoined, with Plans annexed, of the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs> near Sandown Castle, Anno 1744.

And the said Report, and the Total of the said Estimate, were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con* liberation of a Committee of the whole House.

The said Report and'Eftirtiate are bound up with the?

other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ffhurfday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursu- , Army ant to their Address to his Majesty, Account of extra-; Extras, ordinary Services in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, Anno. 1744, not provided for by, Parliament. - (

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows , viz.

ACCOUNT of extraordinary Services of his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations^ incurred Anno 1744, not provided for by Parliament.

To Sir John Cope, on Account, for making new Roads in North Britain - - . 1,000

More, to satisfy a Bill drawn for Services in North Britain - - - 500

To Mr. William Caulfield, for surveying and keeping in Repair the Roads in North Britain, Anno 1744. ——

For Camp Necessaries to sundry Regiments in Great Britain

For Necessaries furnished to Major General Wentworth's Regiment, while they were quartered in the Tozver

For Expends in fending Recruits to Dover Castle, and for Necessaries furnished for them there, till they could be tran (ported to Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations - -

Fpr Marches and Quarters of Commission and Non-commission Officers, and Draughts from Ireland For Provisions and Forage Tent to the G^rrifon at OJlend - - - . -

To satisfy a Bill drawn by Major General Anflruther, Lieutenant Governor of Minorca, for Services there - -

For One Year’s additional Allowance, at 10s. per Diem, to Mr. Mallie, as Surgeon General upon . the late Expedition to America -

To satisfy Sir Chaloner Ogle's Bill drawn for contingent Expences at Rattan -To satisfy Two Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir Chaloner Ogle on Account of Subsistence to the Detachment at Rattan, of £. 1,400 each - £.2,800

More to be paid to Captain Wilson for their Cloathing - - - 440

For transporting the Troops from Ireland to Great Britain and to Flanders -

For the Difference of Pay between the English and Irijk Establishments for One, Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by Major General St. George, and Two Regiments of Foot, commanded by Major General Frampton and Colonel Richbell, from the respective Times of their Commencement on the Establishment of Great Britain to the 24th of December 1744, per Estimation -

To satisfy the Demand of the Contractors for supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Sixpence per Man per Week (topi from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract, and according to an Account delivered by the Contractor To satisfy the Demand of the Contractor for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, to the 23d of December 1744* inclusive, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and incident Charges attending the fame, over and above the Sum voted by Parliament for this Service, to the 24th of December 1744, will amount, per Estimation, to ——

i r*

War Office, nth February 1744. Tonge. i . £.

c S. d.

1 a'

500-----,

500 — — 5,709 6 6

99 H — -

592 7 ' 4

' 737 3 9

104 14 4

684 — — ,;

182 10 —

- 15011 —

3. Ho-----

13,027 1 8}

7,102 18 —

2,275,-----;

2,934 12 ----- ,:; /

38,839.18 &'

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fb^Nav*16* ^r- ®°dinSton presented to the House, pursuant to

Serviced ^eir ^rc^er>an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’sTreasury, and received by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31 ft Day of December 1743,10 the 31st Day of December 1744; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, apd the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for, Punishing the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was\ read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee , of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolv^ itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Carezv presented to the House, according to Or-' County der, a Bill toexplaiqand amend the Laws touching the Blcaion*. Elections of Knights of the Slpre to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England: And the . same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The

L.

18 Geo. II. i r — Februarii. $47

prrfcrvation The Lord Dupplin preferred to the House, according of public Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual the oa s* Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting and continuing the Duties Upori Salt'&c' ^a't’ an<^ upon Bed and White Herrings, for a furthefc ' Termof Years^ was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to rest rain anyPfcrfon, during the time he shall be concerned or employed in the chargi ng, collecting, levying, or managing, any of the Du»-ties to be granted by this Bill, from being a Returning Officer, or voting or influencing any Elector to vote in "Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for heYeas, r

} *59'

Tellers for the Noes,

(Mr. Cholmondeley: (54-

So it passed in the Negative.

thereof, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of stich reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establillimetit of Halt-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, with an Estimafe of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Com- rnittee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the-Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be, received. Tomorrow Morning.

Mi:, Fane alfq acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

<Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mtofn-ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole* House, to consider further of the Supply granted -to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tp-morrow Morqing, Nine of the Clock* }

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and* Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read,- for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences of the Troops in British Pay, serving in Flanders in the Year 1744, incurred and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge

Marth, 12" die Februarii',

Anno 18° Georgii IIal Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE House- being informed, that Mr. Oxen for cl. Liquorice from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Juice ex-at the Door; ported,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantities of Juice of Liquorice exported and 'imported, from Christmas 1733, to Christmas 1743; distiriguishing each Year. .

And then he withdrew. .<

And the Title of the said Account was read. '

The laid Account is as followed!; viz.

An. ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Juice of Liquorice exported and imported from Christmas1733,' to

Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year.

From Christmas 1733, to Christmas - - - - 1734 Exported. ib. i*73> Imported. lb. 804

1735 . 1.727 2.077

1736 2,079 6»55S

Custom House, London, 12th February 1744. 1737 9*37 4.013

1738 3.327 2,072

N. B. The Inspector General keeps his Accounts from Christmas to Christmas, 1739 946 3*7

and cannot divide the several Years, so as to make up this Account 1740 i>°33 901 ’

from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, as directed by the Order. 1741 633 111

*74* 606

John Oxenford, AfT. I. General. ’ 17.43 4,288 7 >001

Totals - 24,901 24,4681

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Huntingdon, Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom Sec. Road, the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, VOL. 24.

Land-owners, and others, living in or near the great Load leading from Huntingdon, in the County of Hun* tingdon, through Fenn-Stanton, to the Town and Univer. fity of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed^ and also the Petitions of the Mayor, Alderman, Burgesses,

and

12° FebrUarii.

CMircher’s Donation to Petersfield College.

Sandwich

Harbour.

Prefer vatic n of public Roads.

Answer to

Address.

African

Trade.

A, 1744.

arid Inhabitants, of the Borough of Huntingdon; and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of 'Cam* bridge; Were referred; and to whom \Va$ ilfd referred the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters-, and Scholars, of the University of Cdmbridge\ That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Paid Petitions; arid had directed him to report the fame, ris it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lattie was read; and is as follows; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repair and widen the Road leading from a Place called the Horseshoe Corner, in the Town of Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a House called the First Rubbing-house on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Edward Mount ague, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wm. Mitchell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Jeajfrefon, Mr. Nesbitt, arid Mr. Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the feme:

.Mr* Jdlliffe presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Ckiircher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be tead a Second tihie,

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Bell, Pilot of Deal, do, upon 7/nirJJay Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to wrhom it is referred to consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near Sundown Castle.

Ordered, That Mr. George Brookes, Pilot of Deal, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stribblehill Norwood, Pilot of Deal, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Garner, Pilot of Deaf do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Pearson, Pilot of Deal, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual the L£ws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders be furnished, as far as is possible, with the Ma-ntifactures, Corn; and other Product, of Great Britain, had been presented to his Majesty: To which his Majesty Tvas jrieafetj to give this most gracious Answer:

-His Majesty is alwiays diefiroits, arid has been pleased tp give Directions, that his Forces in Flanders should b^ furnished, as far as it is possible, with the Manufactures, Corn, and other Product, of this Kingdom.

"Mr. Plumer, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House' pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hayes, Deputy Governor of the Royal African Company of England, to the Secretary^ the Board of Trade, dated the 31st of December <744:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company, to the Secretary of the Board of Trade, dated January i, 1744-5; inclosing Answers to Queries from the Board of Trade to the Directors of the JJoyal African Company.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A MeiTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards arid Mr.

Sawyer r

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Marquis of enable Gcotge Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Anhandale, to Au^elles use the Surname and Arms of Fanden Bempde, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased.

And thett the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be tead a Secorid time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Penrithi iPcnflth and Towns and Town ships of Newton, Catterlen, Blen- Roads.

cowe, Skelton, Lamonby, Johnby, Hejkei Newmarket,

Caldbecky UI dale, Castlefowerby, Sebraham, Ireby, and Wigton, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made to Parliament, this Session, to bring in a Bill for a Turnpike Road to be made from Penrith aforesaid, by Cocker mouthy to Bridge Footy and so to Workington, in this County; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be of great Service and Advantage to the Trade of the said County, inasmuch^s it will open a Communication between all the Inland and Sea Port Towns in the said County, if the said Road be carried and laid out to the best Advantage; but the Petitioners are informed, that it is intended to carry the said Road by Keswick (a very small Market Town in the said County, of little or no Consequence) to Cockermouth; by which means the said Road will be carried just on the Skirts and Confines of the said County, for the fake of the Town of Kefivick only, arid in and through such narrow and confined Lanes and dangerous Ways for Water, especially Kefpick Lanes, thata great Part of the said Turn-pike Road must be purchasedof private Land-Owners, and will at least carry the said Road Three Miles about from Penrith to Cockermouth aforesaid; but that if thf said Turnpike Road be carried from Penrith by Newton,

Laithesy Allonby, Lamanby, Cafilefowerby Pasture Mill-house, ^nd so by the Market Town of Hejket, commonly called Hejket Nezvmarket^ Caldbecky UI dale, and so over the Moors to Use Bridge, or rather to If el I Bridge, which is a well-built Stone Bridge [Use Bridge being only a Wood Bridge, and not fit far Carts and Carriages, and cannot be rebuilt at less Expence than One thousand Pounds), and from thence to Cockermouth, Three Miles will be saved in the~Length of the said Turnpike Road, very little Land will need to be purchased to widen the Road, inasmuch as the same will mostly lie over Commons or waste Grounds, and where there are great Quantities of Stone, Sand,

Gravel, and Materials, to be had at little Expence, for making, and repairing the said Roads; and, by this means, all the said Turnpike Road will be carried into the heart of the said County, and open aCommunica-. tion for Trade from Penrith, Cockermouth, Whitehave and Workington, to the Market Towns of Hejket, Ireby, and Wigton; it being at present the Road for the common Carriers from Penrith to Cockermouth, and to several Coal Roads, and will be very much to the Advantage of the County in general: And therefore praying. That the Premises may be taken into Consideratiorv; and that' the Petitioners may have Leave to make Proof of their Allegations in their Petition, before any Law be made for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of Cumberland, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

*8..

Ordered,

1

A&a, Jcc. of Common Council of London.

Supply.

18 Geo. II. 12*

749

Ordered, That Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Harley* Mr. Foley senior, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Montague, and Mr. West, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of several Aldermen of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That, in an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, is contained the following Clause; viz. " And, to the Intent that a final End may <c be put to all Disputes between the Mayor and Aldermen and the Commons of the Common Council of the c< said City, touching the Making or Palling of Acts, " Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council; and " that no Ad, Order, or Ordinance, may, for the future, " be made or passed in Common Council, without the <c full Consent of the Representative Body of the said " City, according to the antient Constitution of the same; <c be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ad,

'<c Order, or Ordinance whatsoever, at any time, from and " after the said First Day of June 1725, shall be made cc or passed in the Common Council of the said City, " without the Assent of the Mayor and Aldermen present at such Common Council, or the major Part of " them, nor without the Assent of the Commons present

at such Common Council, or the major Part of them and letting forth. That a Bill is now depending in this House, by which the said Clause is intended to be repealed; and that if the said Clause should be repealed, those Disputes, which subsisted between the said Mayor and Aldermen and the Commons, in Common Council, before the passing the said Act, will be revived, and, consequently, the Proceedings in Common Council obstruded; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Assent of the Aldermen in making Acts, Orders, and Ordinances, is highly fit and reafoaable; and was therefore establishdd by Parliament, after the most deliberate Confederation 5 and that the Petitioners hope thgt this House will npt take away a Power from the Aldermen, which has not, in any In ft an ce, been misused since it was confirmed to them by the said Act: And therefore praying. this House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to give them such Relief against the said Bill, as rtxa.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hpufe, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the Hpufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk 3 Table: Where thp same were read; and are as followeth; viz. j

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand Eight hundred Forty-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying extraordinary Expences of the Troops in British Pay,' which served in Flanders, incurred Anno 1744, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-lix thousand Seven hundred Seventy-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred Sixty-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who Vol. 14.

were married to them before the 15th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trulls repoled in them.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The House was moved, that Part of the Account of the extraordinary Charges of the Troops in British Pay, which served in Flanders and Germany, for the Years 1742 and 1743, incurred and not provided for by Parliament, which Account was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of March last, might be read.

And Part of the said Account was read accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Resolution;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate.be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 88.

Tellers for the Noes, j } '74-

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution of the said Committee was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, 9ont,n£en* shewing how the Sum of £. 20,000, granted in the last ^nVlandcw^ Session of Parliament for Contingencies for the British Troops serving in Flanders, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Forage aid shewing how the Sum of £. 15,184. 5. 4, granted in w*ggon-,the*last Session of Parliament for Forage and Waggon- money' money for the British Troops serving in Flanders, has been disposed of.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to La,,s again!* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Gaming, consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Arts, &c. Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Common George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elec- London.0 tions within the City of London, and preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City,

relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j: J

Tellers for the Noes, j ^Blldln.} "7>

So it palfed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, jyftfeeiot resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Peace Qua-the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, location.

9 E palfed

750 12° — i'5°* — *14 FeA. i 744.

pa{Ted in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 30 die Februarii;

Anno 180 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Shepherds Ti If R. Garth presented to the House, according to Or-Shord Road. JLVjL ^er, a Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes, and the Top of Ashlington Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts, by enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and the other of thh Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen A Petition of Samuel Webber was presented to the Manufacture. House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, with great Care and Expence, some Years finee, prepared a Scheme for preventing the Exportation of unmanufactured Wool to foreign Parts; which Scheme was laid before the House; but thatpo Resolution was taken thereupon; and that the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of the House, that a Committee is appointed to consider of a proper Method foranswering the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore expressing his Hope, that the said Scheme will be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Sail-cloth Ordered\ That the Commissioners of the Customs do

imported. jay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sail-cloth imported into England from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1743, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, what Sail-cloth, and Sails readymade, have been imported into the Port of Hull from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1743, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing how much for Sailcloth, and how much for Sails ready-made; and distinguishing each Year.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Grant have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country, for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafiafns.

Ordered, That Colonel Abercrombie have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

way of Security, that the particular Species of Wool therein mentioned to be entered and shipped, should be landed, according to the respective Conditions of such Bonds; distinguishing such Bonds as have been discharged by Certificate of the Customer or Collector, or Comptroller, of the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, where the Species of Wool therein mentioned were delivered or landed, and such of the said Bonds as have been put in Suit, and the Proceedings that have been had thereon, and what of the said Bonds now remain undischarged.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bfflj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^iey)n upon the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties 9 upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for a further Term of Years;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to declare, that the Duties on Salt, arising and payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same or the like. Charges thereon, in the same manner as the same Duties were liable or subject to by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy public Debts in Scotland\ and other Uses, mentioned in the Treaty of Union, and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland, in the 'Terms of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges, and Expences, concerning those Equivalents.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said C rm-mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive:the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Jafiicesof whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramfion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. /

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon TueJdaj Morning next.

Wool, 8cc. Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be-carried fore this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wool, Coast-wife. Wolfels, Mortlins, Shortlins, combed Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Worsted Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly ' manufactured, which, since the 24th of December 1739, have been entered, and shipped or laden, in order to be carried in any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, Coast-wife, or from one Part of Great Britain to another; distinguishing the Quantities and Qualities thereof, the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place where shipped, and to what Port or Place the same were to be landed or imported, and to whom consigned.

Bonds for Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Well? House, an Account of what Bonds, since the 24th Day of December 1739* have, and where, been entered into, and by whom, to his Majesty, and in what Penalties, by

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Feb;

Anno i8p Georgii IF1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, We(hni»far to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for Bridge, building Westminster Bridge was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerkrs

Table:

18 Geo. II.

14® Februa

75*

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 1

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Acts of Parliament, made in the Ninth, Tenth, Twelfth, and Thirteenth, Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were produced; and several Parts of the said Acts being read, it appeared by the first-mentioned Act, that several Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the Rivet Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and, by the subsequent Acts, were impowered to make, design, and layout, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they should find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and purchase, such Houses and Ground within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of; and were likewise impowered to lett, fell, or dispose of, such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they should be possessed of, over and above what may be necessary for the Opening and Widening of the said Ways, Streets, and Passages, to such Person or Persons as should be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase, the fame.

Then the following Witnesses were called; viz

Sir Joseph Ayloffe Baronet, and Taylor White Esquire: Who, being severally examined, said, That the Commissioners for building the said Bridge have assigned and laid out several Ways, Streets, and Passages, to and from the said Bridge, and are desirous of preserving the fame, and the Buildings now erected, and hereafter to be erected, upon the said Pieces or Parcels of Ground, free from all Nuisances and Annoyances, and to preserve the Uniformity and Beauty thereof; and have agreed to dispose of some Part of the Premises, under such Agreements, Covenants, Limitations, and Refiridions, as are necessary for those Purposes, and for the Benefit of the Public in general.

And further said, That they apprehend, if the Commissioners were to grant the Lands in Fee, with Conditions or Covenants to restrain Nuisances and Annoyances, and preserve the Uniformity of the Buildings, they could not, for any Length of Time, enforce the Performance of such Conditions and Covenants, by reason the Premises might either be in the Hands of Persons not bound by those Conditions oV Covenants, as claiming no Estate under the Commissioners, or that the Heir of the Trustees to the Commissioners might not be found, in whole Name only any Advantage could be taken of the Breach of such Conditions; for if the Trustees should assign their Estates, their Assignees could not maintain an Action on any Breach of Conditions; for the Estate, which might revert in Breach thereof, is a mere Possibility, and not assignable in Law; therefore such Agreements, Covenants, Limitations, and Refiridions, cannot effectually be enforced, and perpetually remain a Lien on the Premises, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of West-miufter to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, pursuant to the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for giving further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, pursuant to their laid Petition: And that the Lord Perceval and Mr. Plumptre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That Mr Richards have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Woollen Manufactures exported from England, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1744; distinguishing each Year, and how much from London, and how much from the Out-ports.

Leave ct Absence*

WooIIem ’ Manufactures exported.

Wool, 8cd im potted from Ireland*

Seamen

employed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer ot Officefs do lay before this House, an Account of the Wool and Woollen Yarn imported from Ireland into England, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1744; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Nary Debt. Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- sjpply Bill/ mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Duties on and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and Salt* &c* White Herrings, for a further Term of Years, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Saivyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his Issue Male, the Surname of Roje, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Terrier do, upon this Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near Sandown Castle.

Ordered, That Mr. Philemon Philips do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Pate's

Name.

Sandw'ch

Harbour.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of George Bondi, which was presented to the House upon the Thirty-first Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made iome Progress in the Matter to lhem referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

Woollen

1752 *4? — »5°

House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland\

Ordered, That Henry Baxter do then attend the said Committee.

Royal Affcflt A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills, and One private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five:

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, to raise Money, by Rates upon themselves, for finishing the Church of the said Parish: An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlahy^ and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull:

An Act for confirming and establishing on John Pate Esquire, and his Issue Male, the Surname of Rose.

The King'* Mr. Speaker also reported, that his Majesty was after-.Speech warc]s pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the reporte . q'|ironej to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr.

Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mi (lakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as follow--eth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is with great Pleasure that I take this Opportunity to allure you of my intire Satisfaction in the Dispatch and Unanimity of your Proceedings in this Session of Parliament, and in the Zeal you have shewn for the common Cause, and for the Honour and truclnterefl: of Great Britain.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the Readiness and Chear-fulness with Vrhich you have already provided so considerable a Part of the Supplies; and I make no doubt, but the same Zeal and good Disposition will induce you to enable me to make good the Alliances I am already engaged in, and to concert such other Measures, in this important Conjuncture, as shall be judged necessary for the Support of the Queen of Hungary, and for carrying on the present War with Vigour, in order* to procure a safe and honourable Peace.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have, in conjunction with the Queen of Hungary and the States General, concluded a Treaty with the Kingo{Poland\ which I will order to be laid before you. Let me earnestly recommend to you the Continuance of the same Steadiness and Harmony in your Deliberations; which cannot fail to give great Encouragement to my Allies, and to add great W eight to our Efforts.

Addresson Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

1 Speech5 be Panted to his. Majesty, to return the mod

pccc ' humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his Majesty’s most gracious Speech this Day made from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Supply. Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech this

Day made from the Throne to both Houses of Parlia-20

Februarii. 1744.

raent be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved it (elf into a Committee of the Punifoin* whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

SIII Miles Stapyllon presented to the House, according Bcrerky to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and mak- BrckCreek ing more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year Cfemfing, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for cleaning, deepening, and widening a Creek called Beverley Becky running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and River Hull: And the same was received; and rea4 the First time.

ReJ'olvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from the PunishiDf Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once readj throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. V

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Comptrollor reported to the House, That his Ma- Addrefion jt>fty had been attended with the Address of this House tl* of Yesterday; which his Majesty was pleased to receive very gracioufty.

Sir Thomas Drury presented to the House, according to Cramer'ii Order, a Bill for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel &c. Nat. Meftrezat: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. George Grenitlle presented to the House, pursuant Seamen to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 1 ft January 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, upon a Medium of each Month; distingufthing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Navy Deb Rood on the 31 ft of December 1744. I

Aqd

18 Geo. IL

15° Februarli.

753

And the Title of the said Account and Estimate were The said Account was afterwards withdrawn; and *'ead. another presented 23d of February.

Navy Office, 7 Ax ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned* 31st January 1744.3 as it flood on the 31st December 1744.

Heads of the Naval Efiim.ites.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. suppHed

' for the Service thereof....

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament ^on naval Stores; the wholeSum registered in the Year 1744, amounted to £. 21,057. 6 s.; whereof remains unpaid - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1744; as also to several Bills of Exchange - -

To his Majesty s Yards and Rope-^yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen’s Wages:

Due, to pay the Met], fSc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off-To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovedtid 31st December 1744 -To discharge and pav off all the Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties'to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, -

Vivflualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for Short-Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1744 - For necessary Money, extra-iiecessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - - . - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - - . - , 7

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners 5 viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of tick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty’s Steps-at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service - -- - ! ~ r t 4*.

The Total amounts to the Sum of Three millions Six hundred and Eleven thousand Seven hundred and Seveilty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings c -

From whence deducing the Money in the J

Treasurer’s Hands - - -f - -

And also the Mopey that remained to come f as on the other Side, in of the Supplies of the Year - ’ -)

Particulars.

The Debt will then be Three millions Three hundred and Forty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence

N. B* In this Debris included, for Freight of Transports be--tween ift January 1743; and 31st December 1744 And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1743, and 31st December 1744’ amounts to - -

For which Sum of £.61,382. 5s. — f d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year,

THE Net Debt of the Navy will then be Three millions Two hundred and Eighty-7 eight thousand Four hundred and Forty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Seyen

£- ' d-419,816 6 ii

i3>407 15 8

135> 4 7 3

423,241-----

12,299 9 9

TOTAL.

197,619 16 gi -

26,209 4 2

18,342 14- 1 270,154 14 7

15,095 11 11

38,632 10 5

39*55* *7 6

177*454 18 2\

84,496 6 8J

45,005 9 10;

16,376 15 2{

Pence Halfpenny

1,003,968 19 7

2,171,744 — xxi

381,777 8 6

54,284 3 6

3,611,774 12

261,951 4 i°l

3>349>823 7 8

61,382 5 — I

3,288,44* 7*

Bd. Haddock, Alexander Geddes,

Ja. Acworth, J. Compton,

VOL. 24.

Ja. Clevland, James Oswald.

, F

Hill. Corbett\ F’. Ga/hry.

Memorandum<

*P»*pJO

<1

Ori

4*

Mmtranduki: THERE w*s letriabiing itt the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 17+4, in Money, asunder-mentioned; and’ may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

_ f >»: " > < On the Heads of

J> what TREASURER’* Han*. C: In MONEY; i,) - r Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamen's Wages. Victuak. TOTAL.

t - - - - -j Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire - fin Money ----- (, D°, towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen £ ' S>33 6 d. z £ s. 774 511 8 d. 4 7 t £ d. >4 «9 7iJ £. r. 6^636 1 j d. 9i

Executors of Thomas* Clutterhick Esquire fin Money - - £b#, towards the Debt for lick and bounded Seamen 3.493 8 8,614 13 984 3 9$ 3 f 309 13 — -4| 131401 18 3

Executrix of Sir Charles Wager - fin Money* 1 D°? towards" the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 2.299 9 l <5 5>!24 n 566 i5 8i i 26 3 7i| 8*017 — si

Wiffiam Corbett Esquire - r CIn Money - -V - - - - ( D*, towards the Debt for side and wounded Seamen* 4>7*4 8 94 37.135 5 1.796 12 5 9 271 '4 4 44,018 1 it

Right Honourable Sir John Rujhotft Baronet - J In Money - - i!D% towards the Debt for Tick and wounded Seamen 13,002 — 10 79-371 2.577 4 5i 7 5.43° >3 9 105,381 2 it

r 33.845 13 9 J37>556 — if 6,053 4 4 177.454 18 2

U, J.-TH ERE remained, on the 31st Decemberhfl, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1744 - - < - - - £84,496. 6. 8J

150 Februarii. A. 1744.

18 Geo. II. 150 — 18° — 190 Februarii.

755

Specnham* land Road*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

aid Meanl* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1-loufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raifuig the Supply granted to his Majesty.

1

Supply. ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. Popham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Godfrey Wentworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repair and amend the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hob Moor Lane End: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Sea Officers, now in Half-pay; spe-rifyi^g thj Date of their several Commissions, and the Time whenThey were respectively put on Half-pay.

’ And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to fce perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session*

Tadcaster

Bridge, &c. Hoad.

Half-pay

Officer*.

Shepherd* A Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between

Shard Hoad. Shepherds Shord and the Drrizes, and the Top of Arlington Hill and Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Atts, one of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, was read Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garth, Mr. Carew, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Popham, Lord Dupplin, 'Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Boone, Mr. *Wynne, Mr. Hooper, Sir James Grant, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mellifti, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Pal* merfion, Mr. Bennett, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Glanville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ellis, Lord Gage, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Martin, Sir John Molesworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Berks, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sandwich Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re-Harbour. port, and Estimate subjoined, relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near VoL. 24.

Sandowh Castle, Anno 1744, be printed, as shall be fuf* ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Recruiting cording to Order, a Bill for the speedy and effectual Re- the Army* cruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines: And the (kme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to offices and indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- Employment*, selves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Carew and Mr. Gwyn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Laws against resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Gaming, consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee* ,

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of the Adh of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodness (presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report on the State of the Harbour of Rye be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a. Letter from Mr. Corbett to Mr. Stone, Admiralty Office, February 4, 1743-4, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations,

Anno 1744, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morping.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di* redted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Februarii \

Anno 18* Georgii IP Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

f~\RDERED, That Mr. Richard Mr. Corn tiled in

W Mr. Hoblyn, Ur. Foley junior, Mr. Foley, Mr. Py/ts. Mr. D^lery.

Robert Williams, Sir Richard War. Bampfylde, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gwytme, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Sir Walt, Wag. Mr. Perlnm,

n Mr.

r. Martins and M. Michaels Fine-ham Parochial Unioii.

Bormigh-bricige Road.

Marquis of Annaudale’s Name.

Churcher’s t)onnsion to Peters field College.

756

ip° Febru

A.

1744*

Mr.Bmikes, Mr. Popham, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Brush-Jon, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Dupplin, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Yeomen* Farnf-ers, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in-behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn and the Breeding and Fatting, of Cattle, is referred.

The Lord Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for uniting the Vicarage of Fine ham St.' Martins To the Rectory of Pincham St. Michaels, in the County of Norfolk-, and for settling the Right of Prefen-tation to the lame; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hedworth reported from the Committee, to whorrl the Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County cdYork, through North Alley ion, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Toes, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham y to the City of Durham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen>Freeholders>Farmers,a: d Inhabitants, of and in the Liberty or Wapentake o (Langbaurgh, called Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Freeholders and Inhabitants of and in the said Liberty, was referred, That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill," being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursiay Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Vanden 'Bempde, Marquis of Annan dale, to use the Surname and Arms of Vanden Bempde, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to

A Bill for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Cliurehex Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ord, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bennett, Mr. White, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Speke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hales, Mr. Duncombe, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir James Johnston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Wm. Calvert, Dr. Butler, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Carew, Sir Roger New digate. Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Delme, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Aiflabte, Mr. Harris, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Thursby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties oiSouthampton, Sussex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Sc^£of Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; 0

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn that hath, for Seven Years f , hft, been seized by any of his Majesty’s Officers of Excite; specifying the Time when, and the Place where, each particular Quantity hath been so seized.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Seflkn.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more BeverW ' effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Beck Crcfk Reign of his late Majesty King George, the First, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening, and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town 0{'Severity, in the Haft Riding of the County of York; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck ‘ ‘ and River Hull; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Sta* pylton, Mr; Ofbaldejon, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lafedits, Sir John Ram fir1, Mr. Brook/bank, Lord Perceval, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr*

Brer eton, Mr. IC/J, Sir Edmund Thrnas, S\r Arthur Forbes, Lord Chetwynd,. Sir John Rushout, Mr. White*

Mr. Berkeley Colonel Fitzroy, i ord Strange, Sir James Grant, Sir Wm.-Calvert, Mr. l or Le, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Hugh SmiHfen, Mr.' Hampden, Lord Carteret, Sir Natha- 1 nad Quezon. Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Powmyf Mr. Edwin;

Sir Charles Wyndham, Lord Doneraih\ ' Lard Dupplin,

Mr. Scot, Mr. Robert Williams, LVIri Nor borne Berkeley^ and id the Members who -serve for the Counties of York and Urn on: And they are to meet this -Afternoon alt.

Five of me Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker ’ ' n

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act £o£ Peach*?'* exchanging divers Laiids and Hereditaments\nljd^pfhirb% Eftale< belonging to Sir John Peachey Barohet, ^fer‘o’^her fends and Hereditaments'in Sujjht, belonging to ’fhpntds Knight Esquire; and for settling The several Estates; so'tJa&eA in Exchange d the Uses limited of the*Estates giveh in Exchange for the fame, respectively rr:T6 whtbh the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. .

And then the Messengers withdrew. ’ '1. h

An ingrossed Bfrlf for granting and Contittuingkthe Ou- Supply Bill; ties upon Salt, and upon lied and White Herrings for £ Duties on further Term of Years, was read the Third time. ' A &c* Resolved, TJiat the Bill do pass: And, that' the Title b^.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Sbd Years; and for declaring, that, the-jj^ties on Salt, which ztrife and are payable irt that ^art: of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to tjieTariiftCHargestlie'te-on, as the same Duties were Viable so by the Act, of t^e Fifth Y.ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King Cm^ the First. . , + ' jf

Ordered, That Mr. Fancio carry the Bill to the'Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the County Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament Electiow. for that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. - . - )

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee r‘ ' of the whole House. 1 ‘

; ' Resolved,

18 Geo. II*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prefrnration A Bill to amend and render more efeftual the Laws ®f P?WiC in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toLoftl Ditpplin, Sir Wm. Calvert, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cope, Mr.

I Chile, Mr. Fazakcrley, Mr. jeaffrejon, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Wil-h rah am, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Swjobn Cust, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Archer, Mr. Martin, Lord Perceval, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Ellis, Sir James Lowther, Sir Jtimes Johnston, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Fcley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hugh Smithfou, Mr. Glanville, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard War.Bampfylde, Mr. Brereton, Sir Hen. Liddell, Admiral Mathews, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Bap. Levejon Gower, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Mellish, Mr. While, Mr. Forlejcue, Sir James Grant, Mr. BrcokJ-hank. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Harris, Dr. Butler, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Shelly, Colonel Mojlyn, Lord Geo. Sac-ville. Sir John Pennington, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Speke, Mr. Bramston: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the better Regulating of the Rates and Prices of Land Carriage.

Supply. Mr. Pane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House* which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, and to enable her to augment and increase her Army, for the Support of the House of Austria, and for carrying on the present War with Vigour.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not oxceedingTwo hundred thousand Pounds* be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to T reaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-nine rounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the Elector of Cologne, pursuant eo Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentos, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Eight hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny be granted to his Majesty, for defraying extraordinary Expences and Services of his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1744, not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion o( this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the extraordinary Charge of Forage* Waggon-money* and other Expences, incurred or to be incurred for the Service of the Year 1745.

Vol. 24*

757

The said Resolutions* being (everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Justices of # whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more gCac.e <^alu effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present cauon* Majesty's keignj intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramfion have Leave to mike i Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

Arid he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Peachey*! for exchanging divers Lands and Hereditaments in Hemp- Eftalc*

shire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Suffix, belonging to Thomas Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the lame, respectively; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr: Edwin have Leave to makeaMotion.

And he tnoVed the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Weflmtnfiei* unto subscribed, living within the City of Westminster, and, EavlnS> &c* the Liberties thereof, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

And the said Petition was read setting forth, That the Pavements within the said City and Liberties are become so bad, that the public Streets and Ways ate, in many Places, rendered not only inconvenient, but dangerous, to his Majesty’s Subjects which, the Petitioners apprehend, is occasioned by the great Number of Carts, which pafi> and rfcpafs through the fame, carrying heavy Loads, and having Wheels shod with Iron: And therefore praying the Houft: to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as lTiall seem meet.

The House was moved. That the 19th Section of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Wit-llum and Queen Mary* intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and WesttniH-fter, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out-parishfes in the County of Middlesex and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mot* tality, in the County of Surrey; and tbr regulating the Markets therein mentioned; might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the ifith Section of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 c0 die Februarii \

Anno 18° Georgii lln Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent wines im* to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, potted into attended at the Door; Ssotl8nd-

He was called in; and, at the Bat*, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Wines imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; wa.

9 G An

19* — 200 Februarii

An ACCOUNT of the Quantify of Wines imported into Scotland, from 1739, to Christmas 1744*

Crt

OO

From Christmas 173c, to Christmas 1740

Thence to Ditto - J74i

Thence to D® - 1742

Thence to D° 1743

Thence toD* 1744

T O T A L S

I 1 I PORTUGAL. SPANISH and other Wines, paying the same Duty.

Tuns. Hds. Gns. Tuns. Hds. Gns.

663 2 28 128 3 —

20s 3 62 -

686 3 — 3 1 —

617 1 35 47 a 9

661 — 16 265 3 55

j 2>857 3 l5 445 2 I

FRENCH.

'Tuns. lids. Gns.

8 3 45

25 1 9

*7 3 42

26 — 42

99 3 62

178 11

RHENISH.

Tuns. Hds. Gns.

Toul of Wines imported.

Tuns. Hds. Gns.

— 2 9 801 3 19 . i

2 — 3 *36 1 11

2 — 44 7ro — 23 O ,a

3 16 691 3 39

1 2 5° 1,028 2 57 2 si

3-

7 — 59

3>46 S 3 2

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

?T

o

i-

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 12th February J74J.

Co. Campbell, Alexander

v)

4*

-4*

Grermvich

HospiuK

18 Geo. II.

20° Febru

159

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account {hewing hoW much Money hath been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1741, to Christmas 1744; and how the same hath been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

Greenwich Hospital, 19th February 1744.

Art ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1741, to Christmas 1744; and how the same hath been applied.

Received:

Merchants Seamens Six Pences, Two Years Ninth Months, to August 1744 - -

Naval Seamens Six Pences on Account -

Duties of the North and South Forelands Light-houses, Two Years Three Quarters, to Midsummer 1744 -

Chaplains Wages and Groats on Deptford and Woolwich Ordinaries, Two Years and a Quarter, to Lady-day 1743 -

Ditto, for Provisions on Ditto, One Year, to Lady-day 1742 -

Ditto, Wages and Groats on the Yachts, Two Years, to 30th June 1742 -

Money granted by Parliament, Anno 1742, 1743 -

Officers Half-pay, Two Years and a Half, to Christmas 1743 - -

Deductions of Three Pences on the above Half-pay -

Six Pences abated from Victualing Vessels, Three Quarters, to Michaelmas 1741 -Rents of Houses, &c. belonging to the Hospital -

Rents and Profits of the Dens cutwater b.state ——

Interest on f.450. East India Bonds, Five Years, to Lady day 1742 -

Sundry old Materials of the Ship Tavern, when pulled down -

Accountant General in Chancery - -

SUM.

£ ' d-17,243 12 9t 17,000 — —

4,<334 16 — i

I?2

28 129 20,000

i»6.35

16

9 15

609 16 17,302 9

5 —

H —

16 6

12 6

14

6

8i

67 10 — 46 - — '.>25 9 7

79»392 11 9

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands* on the Balance of the Account nding with Christmas 1741* hath been applied, as on the other Side.

Vot,. 24.

Treasuref

T reafurer

Debtor,

U M.

To Ralance of Account ending with ChtiJfwaj 174*1 - 61 9 19 6|

To sundry Impress Receipts then uncleared - 3,695 — 4

To Treasurer* Receipts from Christmas 1741, to Chri/i;ia$ 1744, as on

the achcr Side ----- 79,392 11 9

c S3.707 11 7|

D

CQ

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

O

rT

K

Per Contra.

By paid sundry Books of Houftiold Accounts, Contingencies current, and measured Works, &c. for One Year, ending with September 1742 Ditto, One Year ending with September 1743 -

Ditto, One Year ending with September 1744 -

By paid Three Years Interest ac the Bank on a Loan of £.25,900. at £.4.

per Cent, per Annum, to 30th June 1744 -

By paid Three Years Rent to Morden College, to Lady-day 1744 -

By paid sundry Fees for auditing and declaring the Treasurer’s Accounts to December 1740 -

By paid Ambrose Crowley Esquire, for an Ed ate purchased of him contiguous to the Hospital ——

By paid to William Smith Esquire, by Order, of General Court, dated the

27th May 1743 - -

By paid Mr Radley, the Solicitor, to pay for an Estate purchased contiguous

to the Hospital -

By sundry imprest Receipts uncleared -

Balance Df -

Creditor;

-______ Q?

S-U M.

c s. d.

25,639 18 9*

27.730 *4- 3i

20,858 6 i-

3,108 ^.

63

73 9 —

337 10 —

714 18 ir

285'

3.640 510

82,451 2 IO|

1,356 8 Si

O

o

S

r

83,70711 71

Memorandum: The Ten thou find Pounds granted by Parliament, Anno 1744,.has been received since Christmcs last.

For James Gunman Esquire, Treasurer.

IS

James Wood, Deputy*

Greenwich

Hospiul.

Cramer’s,&c.

Mac.

20® Februarii.

j6t

iS Geo. IT:

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, -to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. ,from the Directors ot Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uanc to their Order,

r A State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Green-with Hospital: And also.

An Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read.

The said State and Account are as follow; viz.

a 9th February 1744. A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance

of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the a8th January 1744.

ESTIMATE of the Revenue.

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem, of 40,000 Seamen voted for the Service of the Year 1744, £. i. d.

estimated at - ‘ - - - - 13,000 — —

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem from Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary - 318 19 j

The Six Pence per Man per Menfem of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service - - 5,853 14 a

The Three Lighthouses on the Forelands - - - - 1,403 4 1

The Rent per Annum of Houses - - - 279 18 8

There is vested in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £. 3,800, devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest at £ 4 per Cent.

Revenue short of the Expence

N. B. The Half-pay of the Lieutenant Governor and other Officers of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deduced from the above Deficiency, £. s.

amounts to - - *4 37

The Wages and Value of the Provisions allowed the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to - 113 10

feut the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note also. That the Articles of Seamen in his Majesty’s and the Merchants Service will be more or Iefy according to the Number employed.

" __________'j*-

21,007 16 4 - 3>3*3 »3

£. 24,331 10 —

d.

o

j

75* 17 ©

ESTIMATE of the Expence.

The maintaining 1,000 disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurses, upon the £. t. d.

present Establishment, is estimated at - -- - - - - 22,500 — —

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the

Works, is estimated at - - - - 1,403 1* I*

Contingent Charges are about *.-^4----- - 427 17 I

By Order of the Director% ^24»33I 10 —

19th February 1744. Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th January 1744.

The Expence of maintaining 550 additional disabled Seamen, with 33 Nurses, being Widows of j£. #. d.

Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for the Year 1744, is estimated at - - - 9,840 — —

The Remainder expended in the current Service of the House - - - 160 — —

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared and paid only to the 30th September last. —

By Order of the Directors, £ 10,000 — —

Rd. Home. -

Ordered, That the said State, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel -Jlrezat was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 'Thomas Drury, Lord Limerick, Sir Francis Dr.

Mr. Torke, Lord Dupplin, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr.

ley, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Pylts, Mr. Scott, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Harris, Sir John Cujl, Sir John , Sir Geo.

Oxenden, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. , Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Ad* V«l, 24.

miral Townsend, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Gibbon, Sir James , Sir James

Grant, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Page, Sir Wm.Calvert, Mr. Neale, Mr. Comew all: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Captain John Major do, Tomorrow Sandwich Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to Harbour, whom it is referred to consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near Sundowp Castle.

jH Ordered,

/Committees.

Transport

Service*

Victualling the Forces.

Discoveries in Hudson’s Ba y\

Leave t)F Able nee.

Discoveries in Hudson’s Bay*

Ways and Meant.

,‘20° Febru

A.

1744*

Ordered, That Captain John Redman do attend the 'said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Labalie do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Charles do attend thp said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Slade do attend the said Committee at thp same time.

Ordered, That all Committees-^e revived.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the'Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1744.

Ordered, Tha$ the ConTmiffi oners for victualling his Majesty's Navy do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of thaj ;Office in viduJtlling his Majesty's Land Forces between the First Day of January 1743, and the 31st Day of December 1744. . ' ’

*. Sir Wflliam Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several rMerchaqtfr of the City of London, relating to the Finding of a Passage betwixt the NorthWest of Hudforis Bay and the Western and Southern Ocean of America, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition ^and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report* be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itfejlfinto a Committee of the whole House, ib c6nfiderTof the said Report.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to g# into thpCpuntry fora Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That such a Number of Cdpies of the Report, relating to the Finding of a Passage betwixt the North West of Hudsons Bay and the Western and Southern Ocean of America, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Wines imported into Englandan Five Years past; distinguishing each Year, and how much thereof was imported into London, and how much into the Out Ports, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wines imported into London in Ten Years, from Christmas 171 to Chfiflmas 1727; distinguishing each Year (which Ac- 4 count was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of

March 1^28); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wines* which have been imported into the Out Ports cf that Part of Great Britain called England) for Ten Years, to Christmas 1727; distinguishing each Year (which Account was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of March 1728); be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Customs are payable on Wines imported into the Port of London; as also what Customs are payable on Wines imported into the other Ports of Great Britain (which Account was presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of March 1728);, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Conn?, mitree.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had CQ.me to several Resolutions-j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing how the £. 20,000, granted lad Continue* Session. of Parliament for Contingencies for the British fie* of ArmT Troops in Flanders, have been disposed of: And also, ln Flanders*

An Account shewing how the £. 15,184. 5s. 4d. Forage and voted last Session of Parliament for Forage and Waggon- Waggon money for the British Forces in Flanders, have been dif- Money* poled of.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by Hanoverian his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Allowance of Troops, Eight Weeks Pay to the Troops of Hanovery for their Return, computed from the 23th Day of December 1744, the Time of their Discharge.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate wero read.

The said Accounts and Estimate are as follows; viz.

ACCOUNT shewing how the Sum of £. 20,000, granted the last Session of Parliament for Contingencies so* the British Troops serving in Flanders* has been disposed of.

Paid to Field Marshal Wade, Commander in Chief, for Equipage-money Secret Service and Intelligence - -

For Stores thrown away, by Order, at the Battle of Dettingeny the Account of which could not be settlecfor applied for the preceding Year - - - - '

To the Commiftary General of Stores, at £. 3 per diem, for 366 Days -

To the Commiftary of the Mullers, at £. <z per diem, for 366 Days -

To paid the Contractor Overfiraeton by Warrant from Marshal Wade, for dry Forage delivered in the Year 1743; the Account of which could not be sooner adjusted, or applied for To Forage destroyed by the Severity of the Weather at the Camp at Dronghen . To.Winter Forage Money to the Four Regiments of Foot last sent to Flanders -PY>r additional Baggage Horses to Three of the said Four Regiments -

*To Mr. Robert Adair, for severalfmall Expences - -

To Mr. Deftadt for Bread destroyed by bad Weather in the Year 1744 - -

For transporting several Widows, Orphans, and Invalids, into England - -

£' 3,000-----

2,160 17 7

6,029 17 1,098 — — 732-----

3.2 91 *7 7

1,500

1,371' 8 6

75-----

407 — 5

56 1 C.

191 7 1

War Office, 19th February 1744. mil.

There remain*, not yet adjusted, an Allowance to be made t# «\d Expenses tsUting to the Troops.

£. 19,913 10 4 the Confql at QJltnd, for his Trouble

Ai»

18 Geo. II.

iob — 21°

7*3

A

An ACCOUNT Hie wing how the Sum of £. 15,184. 5. 4, granted the last Session oif Parliament for Forage

and Waggon-money for the British Troops serving in has been disposed of.

1__________:-----«... __________- jl :----- ___

1. d.

Forage and Waggon-money voted by Parliament for the Troops - - 15,184 5 4

Forage and Waggon-money for General and Staff Officers - - - 3,697 2 10J s. d.

----- 18,881 8 2

Whereof paid,

For Waggon and Baggage-money to the Battalions of Foot Guards and

Regiments of Foot

3,070-----

For Winter Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers, and Battalions

oiFoot Guards and Regiments of Fooc - - - 15,682 2 6

| 18,

752 2 6.

War Office, 19th February 1741,

Remains unpaid - - 129 5

Will. Tonge.

E S TI M A T E of the Allowance of Eight Weeks Pay to the Troops of , for their Return i compute

irom the 25th Day of December 1744, the Time of their Discharge.

The ordinary Pay of the Horffi The ordinary Pay of the Foot

Numbers.

- 5>5*3

- 1 °>755

16,268

The ordinary Pqy of the General Officers -

The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery

Whitehall, the 19th Day of February 174*.

Will.Tonge.

G.

Holland Money, for 56 J^ays. Reduced into Sterling, at 10 G/. 10 St. t# the Pound.

Guilders, St. d. £> s. j7

324,o7* 13 5 30,863 17 5

245,433 7 23>374 12 H

569,504 n 54,238 9 7*

23,352 *5 7 2,224 1 5

15,780 11 — 1,502 18 2 i

608,637 6 13d 57>965 9 I*

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie an Account of the Charge of the Transport Service, tipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the the Tear 1744.

House. And the Title of the said Account was read.

, t - Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table*

House adjourned ttll Tomorrow to be perused by the Members of the House,

Morning, Nine of the Clock. The faj<j Account is as follows viz.

Transport

Service.

.. I

-I I

iji r

1

jfovisy 210 die Februarii; Anno i8° Georgii I1J1 Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. Gajhry, from the Commissioners of the Navy,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Navy Office, the aoth 7 An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1744; prepared pur luani February 1744. $ to *n Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 20th February 1744. '

SUM. TOTAL.

Nature of the Expence t On the Head of Transpom employed in the West Indies arid,

£. s. £. s. d.

Freight ----- *>753 *4 *«-

On the Head of Transports employed in carrying Forces to Flanders, Freight - - -Charges of Horse Hammacoes, and Stores, supplied to, and of Cabins, Stalls,. and other Conveniences, built on board the Transports, with the Expence of 34>8J6 7 7

surveying them - - - -Wharfage and other Charges attending the Embarkation of the Forces at 3.317 * 3

Ncrtbfleet and Grave/end - - - - -Pilotage of the Transports to Flanders and elsewh'ere - ' Harbour Pilotage and Port Charges on debarking the Forces abroad, and other contingent Expences attending the Service ‘ - - Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Requisites, Hire of Sloops and Lighters for putting the same on board, and other necessary Charges on that Occasion Salary to the Person employed as Agent for this Embarkation. - 351 11 6 *>53 " 560 3 1 1,890 6 7 3«3 5 —

To Bry n Pybus, for the Railage and Provisions of Non-commissioned Officers

and Soldiers in the Raquct boats between Oftendand , at 5 per Head The Whole amounting to the Sum of Forty-five Thousand and Five Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten l’tncc. 559 5 " 43.25- *5

lid. Haddock, JaK AJ. U ill, Go; be: t, Ait* Gedda* F. Gajhry, Total - 45,005 9 ta

Vol. 24. Ordered,

€S

7^4

2\° Fthruarii,

A, 1744.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An

loroogh- ______# __________ w

Widge Road, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Teen and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham-, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the First of the Amendments madefy the Committee to the said Bill (which Amendment was, upon Tuesday lad, read a Second time, and postponed), was, with several Amendments, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

jCom used in toiflillcry*

A Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers of East Kent was presented to the House, and read; expressling the Concern of the Petitioners, upon reading, in the Votes of this House, a Petition, said to be subscribed by Yeomen and Farmers of this County, deflring that all Corn, used for the Distilling of Spirits, may, for the future, be malted; and asserting, that a real Advantage would accrue to the Farmers in general, by subjecting the Distillers to such a Law; and representing to the House, That, so far from there being any Manner of Advantage by a supposed greater Consumption of Corn, which is the leading Fallacy, and a mere Fidion in this Cafe: That the Petitioners we/e in Hopes that they had plainly shewn the contrary m their former Petition, presented to this House the Beginning of this Parliament (to which they refer), unless it be a real advantage that the Farmers should be obliged to fell to the Distillers Thirty Quarters of Corn for the

Act for erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, which was produced, it appeared, that the Corporation, thereby appointed Guardians of the Poor in the said City, was impowered to raise any Sum, not exceeding what had been paid towards the Maintenance of the Poor in any One of the Three Years preceding the Commencement of the said Act: which Sum was computed to amount to f. 2,376. 16 5

By another Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Ame, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, which was also produced, the said Corporation was impowered to raise such further Sum, as, together with the said £. 2,376. 16 5 d. should

not exceed the Sum of £. 3, $00 in any one Year; for the better Support of the Poor of the said City, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

Then Mr. John Brick dale, being examined, said, That, by reason of the Decay of the Trade and Manufacturesof the said City sincethe Commencement of the present War, and the Prohibition of Commerce with , and by the Loss of great Numbers of Mailers and Fathers of Families by Sickness and the War, as also through the great Increase of Buildings within the Limits of the said City, the Poor are, of late, become so numerous, that the said Sum of f. 3,560 has been found insufficient for their Support:

That, in the Year 17 41, the City Corporation of Bristol lent the said Corporation of the Poor f. 1,000, for Three Years, without interest; and that when the Treasurer’s

Accounts were audited in the Month of September 1744, same Sum of Money which would be the Price of Twenty, there was a Balance of 286. qj. zd.\ due to him, belidcs the utter Impossibility there is of malting great betides the Sum of 500, which hi had before advanced, Quantities of Corn in late and wet Harvcfts; and alledg- and (or which he had, in the Year 1743, infilled, upon ing, that this is, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, so the Seal of the Corporation, that, at the time of auditing very plain a Point to every Farmer that knows any thing the said Accounts, there were several Tradesmen’s Bills of his Business, that the Petitioners are at a Loss to guels Handing out unpaid; and that the whole Debt amounts to What kind of Farmers those are who have subscribed to a Upwards of £. 2,qqo.

Project, well enough calculated for Brewers and Malt- And, in order more particularly to ascertain the annual fters, but manifellly prejudicial to themselves, if Farmers, Expences of the said Corporation, the Witncls produced and destrudive of the landed interest; and expressing the to your Committee the Treasurer’s Accounts for the Year Hopes of the Petitioners, that the Protection and De- l7\°> 174,» 1742> a°6 1T43» by which ft appeared, that

fence of the Farmers of Great Britain wifi be looked upon as a worthy Object of the Care of this House; and that the Petitioners nray not, after all their Industr.y and Labour, be ruined by a Project delivered to a landed House of Commons, and by resigning their Farms into the Hands of their Landlords (which the Petftianersjnuft of Necessity do), give them and the House a melancholy Proof of the Sincerity of this Petition; and submitting their same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Several Yeomen, Farmers, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, whole names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn and the Breeding and Patting of Cattle, is referred: And that they do examine

the Cprporation had expended, in those Four Years, the Sum of f. 3,769. 4*. 3d. more than they aie impowered. to levy by the Uft-mentioned Act.

Being further examined, he said, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, Treasurer, and 12 Assistants, which constitute a General Court of the said Corporation, are chosen. annually, and are not obliged to serve longer than a Year; and that many Inconveniences arise by Persons fucceading to the said Court, who ar? altogether unacquainted with the Nature of the Business of the Corporation; but that it would be very beneficial, if Six of the present Assistants were obliged to serve a Second Year, and those Six, who, for the future, shall have served only One Year, were not to be discharged till they have served Two Years fuc-ce (lively:

That if the General Courts were impowered to autho-

striftol Poer.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opi-. rize a Committee to settle the Weekly and other Pav-’ " tnents to the Poor, and adjust all Accounts relating to the said Corporation, ft would be a great Furtherance to their Business, which would be retarded by the Difficulty of assembling a General Court.

And he added. That a Doubt hath arisen, whether the Corporation have Power to fell Goods distrained for Nonpayment of Fines imposed by their By-laws; but that such

nion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Hob'yn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Corporation of Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, of the Poor in the City of brijlol, under their common Seal, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

petition; and had di reded him to report the fame, as it a Power is very necessary, and would be of great Service to appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report the Corporation.

- -.ni..... — ----- j.i:----- J --: — ru-.i.-. Being examined as to the Inconvenience alleged in

the Petition to arise from a Clause in an Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and make more ctfcdual the Lawsa relating

in his Plate; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’a Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; wiz.

By an Act, madt in the Sevenths and Eighth Year

III

G'C

Woo

0

Li

tQ

21° Februarii.

18 Geo. II.

to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorder'y Persons; and to Houses of Correction; which provides, That no Matter of any Pacquet Boat, Ship, or Vessel, bound to Ireland, See. shall be compelled to take On board more than One Vagrant for every 20 Tons Burthen of such Boat, Ship, or Vessel; he said. That Vessels which go from Btijlol to Ireland, are generally under Sixty Tons, and the Matters of such Vessels not being obliged to carry more than Two Vagrants, great Numbers are frequently detained a long time at the Expence of the said Corporation, before they can be shipped off, unless the Corporation will agree to give what Price the said Matters iofift upon for the Passage of such Vagrants; of whom there are often Fifty or Sixty at a time to be transported to Ireland: And that, therefore, it would beaconsider-able Ease to the said Corporation, if the Tonnage in that xefpeft were lessened for the Port of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual the several Acts, patted for the Erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof: And that Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. podolphin, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Southwell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lt*v<e of Ordered, That Mr. Harr if on have Leave to go into the £ Absence. Country, for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occufions.

Office* and Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Or- Wider, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to ~ qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within

in the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read

" the First time.

j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

: iFool carried out of Kent, 4tc.

<5

Ordered, That the proper Officers of the Wool Registers in Kent and Sussex do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sheeps Wool permitted to be carried out of the biftrifts of those Registers from Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744; distinguishing how much a Year from each County.

"I _ Wool Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this - imported. House, an Account of all Spanish Wool imported into this Kingdom from Lady-day 1730, to Lady day 1744;

distinguishing each Year.

:" African Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Com-. ' Company, pany of England (which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie l':1, upon the Table), be referred to the Confederation of a

Committee of the whole House.

:c Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

n'ght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report of the Board of Trade to the

honourable House of Commons, concerning the general :iV State of the Trade to Africa, the Condition of the Forts

and Settlements there, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, and what is the necessary Charge. f:- of maintaining the fame, pursuant to an Address of the said House to his Majesty, the First Day of May 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several other Papers relating to the

Trade to Africa (which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and ordered to lie upon the , v Table), be referred to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and and Mr. Montague:

|Jt Mr. Speaker,

arlofChol- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to nondeley’i enable George.Earl of and Pattee Viscount

unification Torringtonto take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Vol. 24.

Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Beauchamp’* confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, Name,

the Surname of Proctor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proflor Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

House, a Copy of the Report made by the Commis- Waft" sioners of his Majesty's Customs to the Commissioners imported, for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on th^ Petition of the Freeholders and Farmers of the County Palatine of , in relation

to the Duties on Soapers Waste imported; together with a Duplicate thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Land Tax House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Arreai*. standing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishingeach Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House Duty House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Arreat*. Houses were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That James Bradshaw, Merchant, do, upon Woollen Tut'[day Morning next, attend the Committee of the Mmut»aur*. whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill for uniting the Vicarage of Fincliam Sr Martins Saint Martins to the Rectory of Fincham Saint Michaels, and St. Mi-in the County of Norfolk-, and for settling the Right of chads Fin-Presentation to the fame; was read the Third time. c!(?® 1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title c u be. An Act for uniting the Vicarage of Fincham Saint Marlins to the Rectory of Fincham Saint Michaels, in Clip County of Norfolk; and for settling the Right of Prefen-tation to the fame.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Wa Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of Eight Pounds per Ton on all French Wines, and of Four Pounds per Ton on all other Wines, imported into Great Britain, be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

the Sum of Two millions be raised by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged upon the said additional Duty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Me. Lyttelton, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr.

Henry Fox, Mr. Arundel/, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

9 I Solicitor

7 66

Solicitor General, Mr. S and Mr. Jeffreys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sandwich The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Harbour. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near Sandown Castle.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dire died him to report; and had also directed him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Laws against Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

amin*' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1744.

Newbury, in the County of Berk, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pophm,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Nich. F, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Williams, Sir HughSmithfon, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Carteret, M,r. Foley, Sir Charles Wyndkam, Sir Sta-pylton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cornevsall, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Brookfbank, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Legh, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Pitt-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Berks, Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s T«ty»il Command, presented to the House, Copy of a Treaty Uutenot of mutual Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty, the Queen of Hungary, the King of Poland, and the States General; and Translation thereof.

And the Titles of the said Copy, and Translation, were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy, and Transla’im, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copy of the lard Treaty is bound up with the other Papers of this Session: The Translation thereof is as follows; viz.

2i° — 22° Februarii.

Veverts^ 2 2° die;

Anno Georgii IP1 Regis,^1744.

Seizures of unmanufactured Wool, &c.

In the Name of the Holy Trinity.

Whereas the Emperor Charles the Sixth, of glorious Memory, dying without Male Issue, the, most sacred and explicit Treaties could not prevent the breaking-Prayers.v out of Troubles in the Empire, which filled it with Cala-

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, mities, and which threaten its Liberty and Confiitution;

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended and as the said Troubles are contrary to the solemn En-at the Door; gagements, to the pacific Inter tions* to the just Rights,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the and to the eficntial Interests, of the high contracting Par-House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quan- ties, in order to obviate, as much as in them lies, the Da-tities of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn that hath mages that may result to themselves, and to all Europe, been seized by the Officers of the Customs in England, by the Continuance and Progress of those Troubles, and, from Christmas 1737 to Christmas 1744; specifying tire in order to animate and encourage, by their Example, Time when, and Place where, each particular Quantity all Princes and States interested, as they are to preserv hath been lo seized: And also, Europe in general, and the Empire in particular, from

An Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures the Evils they groan under, and from the Dangers they exported from England, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1743; distinguishing each Year, and how much fresh London, and how much from the Out Ports.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vtftualltng the Forces.

Mr Hay, from the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to

are threatened with, and to maintain the Faith of Treaties, which allures the Liberty, the Security, and Tranquillity, of the Public.

The most Serene and the most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenbourg, Arch Treasurer, Prince, and Elector, of the Holy Roman Empire, the most Serene and most potent Princess Marta Therefta, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, Archduchess of , &c. the most Serene and most potent Prince Frederick King of Poland, as Eltft or of Saxony, &c. and the High

their Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Pro-

his Majesty’s Land Forces, from the (ft of January 1743, to the 31st of December 1744.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

inces of the Netherlands, 8cc. have resolved to bind themselves together more closely and inseparably, and to unite their Councils and Forces, to provide more efficacioully, and with a common Concert, as well for their present as future Security, for their reciprocal Preservation, and for

Beauchamp’s

Name.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers that of the Empire, and especially to appease the Troi of this Session.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, the Surname of PrcSlor, according to the Direction

bles that have been excited therein, and to frustrate every new Invasion.

To this end, and not being willing in so urging a Circumstance, to delay effectuating such equitable and commendable Intentions, they have authorized their

of the last Will and Testament of George Proflor Esquire, Ministers Plenipotentiaries to difeufs and tegulate the

Spetnham-had Road.

deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for . repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to

Details thereof; viz. His Britannic Majesty, the Sieur Thomas Vtlliers, his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of his said Majesty the Ring of Poland, Elector of Saxony:

Her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, the Sieur Nicholas Count d'Ej/erhajy, her Gentleman of the Bed Chamber, Counsellor of the Royal Lieutenancy ot

Hungary,

18 Geo. II. 220Februar767

Hungary, and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Court of his Polish Majesty: r

His Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, the

Sieur Henry Cou n t deBnihl, Baron de and de Pfoerten, Knight of the Orders of the White Eagle, of St. Andrew, and of the Black Eagle, his Minister of Cabinet, Conference, and State, General of the Foot, Grand Matter of the Wardrobe, President of the Chamber of the Finances, Director General of the Taxes and Excise, Commandant of the Saxon Guards in Poland, and Colonel of a Regimenc of Foot:

And their High Mightinesses the States General, the Sieur Cornelius Calkoen, their M inifter Plenipotentiary to his Polish Majesty:

The said Ministers, after having communicated to e&ch other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

1.

From this, and for all time to come, there shall be a firm, constant, and unalterable Friendship, Union, and Alliance, and a perfect and intimate Confidence and Correspondence, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, their Kingdoms, States, Territories, and Subjects; and they shall be obliged, as well for themselves as for their Successors, to support and assist each other reciprocally, to have the same watchful Eye to their mutual Security, as to their own, to procure with Care and Affection all that shall be advantageous for them, and to remove and hinder, as much as shall be in their Power, all that might be prejudicial to them or to the common Cause.

2.

To this end* the high contracting Parties shall take and concert together, from this time, the most effectual Measures for re-establishing and (ecuring the Peace and good Order of Europe, and particularly* in the Empire; as also

to aflitl each other reciprocally ui protecting, preserving, and defending, all the Kingdoms, States, Countries, Provinces, Territories, Rights, and Possessions, which they now actually enjoy, or ought to enjoy, by virtue of the Treaties of Peace, Alliance, and Guaranty, that subsist among them, or any of them all whrch Treaties, and especially those of Alliance, Guaranty, and mutual Defence, shall remain in full Force, so far as they concern the high contracting Parties.

3- ,

His Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, moreover con-

firms and renews very expressly, and in a most solid and irrevocable Manner, as well for himself as for his Heirs and Successors, the Guaranty of the Order of Succession estabhflied in the most Serene House of Austria by the Pragmat ic Sanction; as his Britannic Majesty, and the Lords the States General, are engaged therein; and to which Order of Succession the Germanic Body have given their Guaranty and Sanction; promising to concur with all his Force, that no farther Attack dull ever be made upon fofalutary a Regulation, which isneccflary for the Security of the Empire, and for the Repose of in

general; and which mterefts so dlentially the Posterity of iris Polish Majesty, to whom the above-mentioned Regulation allures the said Succession after the Extinction of the Defendants of the late Emperor Charles the Sixth.

4-

And, for this Purpose, the Kingdom of Bohemia being actually attacked, his Polijh Majesty, Elector of Saxony, shall act immediately with an Army of Thirty thousand Men, as auxiliary Troops, for the Defence of the said Kingdom, and the Security of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia.

For defraying the Expences of so considerable an Armament, made in favour of the common Cause, his Britannic Majesty, and the Lords the States General, engage themselves to furn'rih his Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, as long as the Necessity shall require it, an annual Subsidy

Yoi. 24.

of One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, to commence from the First Day of January, in the Year 1745, N. S. and payable regularly from Three Months to Three Months; of which Subsidy his Britannic Majesty shall pay One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and the Lords the States General Fifty thousand Pounds, valued at the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty thousand Florins of Holland.

6.

As soon as all Danger shall cease on the Side of Bohemia and the Electorate of Saxony, to the Satisfaction of the contracting Parties, his Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, shall cause to march, at the first Requisition, and maintain at his own Expence, in consideration of the Continuance of a Subsidy of Ninety thousand Pounds Sterling, payable upon the Foot of the Sum specified in the preceding Article; viz. Sixty thousand Pounds Sterling on the Part of Great Britain, and Thirty thousand Pounds, valued at the Sum of Three hundred and Thirty* thousand Florins of Holland, on that of their High Migh-tinesses; a Body of Ten thousand of his Troops; viz. Two thousand Horle, and Eight thousand Foot, into the Netherlands, or elsewhere in the Empire, where his Britannic Majesty and the Lords the States General shall judge it necessary for the Good of the common Cause.

7-

If, in consequence of the Engagements that Lis Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, contracts by the present AI-. hance, his States in Germany should be attacked, besides the effective Assistance that the Allies shall give him for his immediate Defence, they shall use their utmost Efforts to procure hirii from the Aggressor full Satisfaction for the Damages that he may have thereby l'uftained; and, for this Purpose, in case any of his Countries should be seized upon, they shall not lay down their Arms until the same be fully restored to him; as his Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, shall, on his Part, persist inviolably in the same Engagements until a Peace iis concluded; and further, as long as there shall be in the States, whether of the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, or in those of the high contracting Parties, any of the Enemy’s Troops, or Danger of their entering again into those State*, or into the Empire.

8.

If it should please God to bless the Measures and the Precautions that his Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, shall so concur in to take with the other high contracting Parties, for the present and future Security of Europe in general, and of the Empire in particular; in this Cafe, his Polish Majesty, Elector of ,shall partake of the Advantages that shall arise therefrom, by such Conveni-encics as shall be procured fdr him, and the high contracting Parties, promise, in general, to take, at the ensuing Pacification, all possible Care c f the Interests of his Polish Majesty, Elector of Saxony, and of his House.

9-

After the Peace is made, the high contracting Parties shall remain for everclofely united; and they shall then concert in what farther Manner they may be able to provide most effectually for their Security, and their reciprocal Advantage.

10.

Her Majesty the Empress of Russia and the Kingdoni and Republic of Poland are expressly, and from this time, invited to accede as principal contracting Parties to the present Alliance; and all Kings, Electors, Princes, and States, who have at Heart the Liberty and public Security, and the Preservation of the System of the Empire, and who are desirous of acceding to the present Alliance, shall be admitted thereto.

1 f.

This present Treaty of Alliance shall be approved and ratified by his Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, his Majesty the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; and the Letters of Ratification shall be exchanged in due Form, at Dref-

den.

Treaty with Queen of Hungary*

See.

76B

2 2° Febru

A. 1744.

Preservation of public Roads.

Tadcaftar

Bridge, Lc. Road.

den, within the Space of Two Months, or looner, if possible.

In Witness whereof, the above-named rffspective Mi-nifters Plenipotentiaries have* signed the present Treaty of Alliance, and have caused the Seals with their Arms to be fixed thereto. Done zx this Eighth Day of January 1745.

(L. S.) Thomas Villiers. (L. S.) N. Comte

(L. S.) Comte de Bruhl. (L. S.) C.

Ordered, That Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Tuffnell, Sir John Turner, Sir Thomas

Drury, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Worthy, Sir Gordon, Mr. LaJ'celles, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, is committed.

A Bill to repair and amend the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hob Moor Lane End, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Wentworth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Fenwick,

Mr. Blacket, Sir Henry Slingsby, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Legh, Mr. Williams, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mr.

Hylton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Aijlabie, General Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Crowle, General Pulteney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Bennett, Sir James Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Charles Gi/mour, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr, Scott, Mr. Thtirjby, Sir Phi.

Musgrave, Mr. Wi/kinson; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeon*.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Surgeons of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Sur-

Ordered, Thai the State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money granted last Seffi in of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Hoale resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he wasdi-rested by the Committee to move, thaj they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itlVif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider (urther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day locing read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve i^elf into a Committee of the whole Elecirca. House, upon the Bill, to explain and amend the Laws tonching the Elections of K-nights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Me. Carew have Leave to make & Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the Tdoufe accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill more iteyuhu^ effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolenGoods, by the Pawnbraci Regulating of Pawnbrokers, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The House being informed, That the Paper, presented Se>m«

geons.in the City and Suburbs of London; and also the to the House upo/i the 15th Day of this instant February, wpM

Woollen

Manufacture.

Supply.

Petition of the Barbers of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Barbers of London; are referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Greame, Warehouseman, do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Yerbury, B/ackwell-hall, Factor, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Allowance of Eight Weeks Pay to the Troops of Hanover, for their Return,

intituled, An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the ill of January 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, upon a Medium ot each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service; was, by Mistake, not prepared according to the Order of the House;

Ordered, That the said Account be withdrawn.

And the said Account being withdrawn;

Mr. Gajltry, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

computed from the 25th Day of December 1744, the to be perused by the Members of the House.

Time of their Discharge, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how much Money hath been received by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1741, to Christmas 1744; and how the same hath been applied; be referred to the said Committee.

The said Account is as followeth;

Soapers "Waste imported.

Bristol

Boor.

Wool carried Coastivays.

18 Geo. II. 22° — 25° Februarii. 769

Navy Office, 1 An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy,

15 February 1744. 5 from the 31st of December 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order^of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 14th of February 1744.

Seamen. Soldiers and Marines, Part of Complement.

r — Borne. 1 Mustered. t Borne. Mustered.

January 1743 - -- -- --February - -- -- - - -March 1744 - - -- -- --April - -- --May. - - . - - - -June - -- July - - - August ----- September - - -- -- --QEiober ----- November - -- -December - -- - 45>*74 45.H7 45,628 46,501 46,822 46,992 48,280 48,933 48,509 47,897 47,857 47,89° 42,239 42,342 42,198 43,35 3 42,757 43,347 44.866 45»lo9 44,742 43.866 43,803 43,827 6,114 6,528 6,33° 6,486 6*457 6,652 6,737 6,821 6,832 6,604 ,6,537 6,537 5,868 6,348 6,086 6,183 6,192 6,410 6,540 6,591 6,585 6,3*3 6.284 6.284

i Upon a Medium - -- -- - 566,430 47,202 522,449 43,537 78,635 6,552 75,684 6,307

Rd. Haddocky Jah. Acworthy Clevlattd, Corbett,

F. Gajhry, Ales?. Geddes.

Exd. per J. R. __________'

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

-L

Luna:, 250 di Februarii; Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Report, 13 February 1743, of Commissioners of Customs, on the Petition of the Freeholders and Farmers of the County Palatine of praying

to be relieved in relation to the Duties on Soapers Waste imported: And also.

Copy of the Petition of several Freeholders, &c. of the County of Lancaster, concerning the Importation of Soapers Waste: And also.

Copy of an Account of the Quantity of Soapers Waste imported into England in Three Years, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743; ,distinguishing each-Year, and each Port; together with Duplicates of the said Copies. And the Titles of the said Copieswere read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hoblyn presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for rendering more eficdual the several Acts, puffed for the Ercding of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Brifiot, for the better Employing and Maintaining of the Poor thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. John Player, Clerk of the Coast, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of Wool and Yarn carried Coastways from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1743.

And then he withdrew.

Vox.. 24.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir ’Thomas Dtury reported from the Committee, to Cramer’s, whom the Bill for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel Nat-Meflrezat was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

‘ Sir Charlos Mordaunt reported, from the Committee, Birmingham to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington,

and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick', and of the Creditors under the said Act; and also of several Persons living in, near, or usually travelling through, the Road leading from Birmingham aforesaid to Meriden, in the said County of Warwick, and from thence to the City of Coventry; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of Southam, and of divers other Towns and Villages in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

The Act of Parliament before-mentioned was. pro-, duced, and Part thereof was read; whereby it appeared,.

‘that several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Term of 21 Years, commencing the 25th July 1726, for repairing the said Roads.

9 K Then

77° \ 2 5° pebruarii.; 1744.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called the follow-, ing WitnrfTes; viz.

Mr. Richard Wright, Mr. Wm. AtiJHn, Mr. Richard Jay cocks, ancf Mr. John Rogers: Who, being federally examined, said, That the bdttfct to kntVetr ‘t-hfe Intention of the said Act:, by carrying on the Repairs of the Roads "directed to be amended, the Trustees borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Ad, upon the Separate ‘Gates e*reded thereon.

And they severally produced to the Committee, an Account of the Money which had been borrowed on each rfcfcpe&ive Gate, together With the Sums of Money paid off and discharged; which wdre. read; Whereby it appeared, that there is now due :and owing tojhe several Creditors, under the said Act, bn the several Gates., the Sum of 5,100, and upwards, with Interdft for the fame.

And they also produced to the Committee separate Accounts, {hewing how the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls collected at the faicj several Gates, had been applied.

And the same Witnesses also said, Thait although the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls collected at the several Gates, had been duly laid out and applied towards repairing the said Roads, in such Manner as is directed by the Ad, yet feme Parts thereof are, in the.. Winter Season, very bad; and such Parts’t hereof as have been amended will, in a short time, become ruinous again, if constant Care be riot taken to repair the fame.

And they severally added to their Evidence, That the Repairs of the dioads, diFecfted to be amended by the said Act, cannot be completed during the Term subsisting, and the Money now due and owing to the Mortgagees, with Interestfor the fame, be repaid, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

John Rogers and Joseph "Timmins, being (everally, examined, said, That die Road leading from Birmingham to 'Meriden, through Efmdon, to the CrofsLane whichjeads by the End of Stone Bridge, and from thence to the City of Coventry, is become so bad and ruinous, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pass and repays*in the Winter Sealon with Safety; and cannot, by the ordinary Method provided bjr the Laws dor repairing' the ^Highways of this Kingdom, be elsedually amended and kepi in Repair, fit for the Accommodation’of Travellers, without (bme further Provision be made for taifing Money, to be applied for that Purpose.

1 Upon the fecorid-mentioned iPetition,;

Mr*Harris, being examined,1 said; That the Turnpike which is erected-at Warwick Bridge is greatly inftwioris to the Inhabitants of Southam, and the adjacent Towns and Villages, and to all Persons who, travel that Road from Dayeulry and Towcester to the Town of ^rw/V£, as they , clo not go on the Turnpike Road Twenty Yards; and no Part of the Money so collected.from them is applied towards repairing (he find Road. . /.

Ordered, That Leave be given^so bring in,a Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of h is late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading, fromj Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warm-in0ton, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge'Hill, in the County of Warwick: And that Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Carew, the Lord Hills-borough, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr..Henry Archer, and Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County,: And that Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Carew, the Lord Gumifsy, Sir Walter ' Wagstaff Bagot, Sir Lifer Halt, and Mr. Grove, do prepare, anid bring in, the fame.

Offices and A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted toqua-impbyaacms. \\£y themselves for Offices and Employment* within the

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purposei was tead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. l

Refbfved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-teeof the Whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve ftself into a Committee of the whole HouTe, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Recroitiner Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, ML the Army? norca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. - '

Resolved, That this House will, upon dThiirfday Morning next, resolve itfe.lf into a Committee of the 4whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants and others of Great Bri- Drawback tain and Ireland, Dealers and Manufacturers of Linens, on foreign Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, L’nCftb* whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned and employed, in :the said Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufactures of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, have, of late Years, been considerably improved and increased, and, if properly encouraged, might be brought to equal (which they now do in some Species), if not excel, all the like Manufactures of foreign Fabric now imported into these Kingdoms: That the Negroes, in several of the British Plantations, are chiefly cloathed with coarse Linens; the making whereof in these Kingdoms will contribute to lessen the Price of fine Linens, as it enables the Manufacturer to employ therein the coarse and refufi^Flax and Yam, which are unfit for making-fine Linens, and servesas a Nursery to introduce Hands, both old and-young,a’s Learners, which are now trfeless; who, as they grow perfect in Spinning, will make room for others to come in; and thereby, if encouraged, the Linen Manufactures in general, in a few Years, will necfcflarily be greatly extended: That the permitting the Duties$bn Linens, Threads, and Tapes, imported from foreign Coiin-tries, to be all,- except about Two per Cent.\drawn hack on their being exported, hath proved, a* verygreat Dii-couragement to the Exportation Of home-made Linens, *' 1

especially the Gparfe Sorts; and that, in the’Year. 1737, divers Merchants, and others, Dealprsin the fardManufactures, petitioned, this House, complaining of the DLfcou-,ragenaents the Linen Manufactures laboured under, by reason of the said Drawbacks allowed on Exportation of foreign Linens; and.that- the Committee, to whom the said Petition was rftfer-red, afterwards made their Report; whereby, among ocher things, it appears,'there aremade, in several Parts of these Kingdoms, a coarse Sort of Linen proper for cjoathing JSfegroes in the Plantations, which answers all the Purposes of Ofnaburghs; but that, by reason of the Drawback, foFeign coarse Linens were fold in the Plantations between Six and Seven per Gent, cheaper than the British or Irish Linens; and that, if this Drawback were not allowed, Brit if 1 and Irish Linens would be then fold near Six per Cent, cheaper than the foreign; and that, with proper Encouragement, diffident Quanti- ties of Linen might, in a short time, be made in Great Britain and Ireland, for the Service of the Plantations, in lieu of the foreign coarse Linen used there: That this House, on the 19th of April having ta/cen the said

Report into Consideration, came to;a Resolution, That the Manufactures of Linen, Threads, and Tape?, made in Great Britain and Ireland, were, of late Years, greatly improved and increased; whereby the Price of all such Manufactures of foreign and home Fabric had beencon-fidflTably reduced; and that the further Extension of such Manufactures would be attended with several national Ad-1 vantages;

i8 Geo. II.

250 Februarii.

771

vantages; and that all proper Support and Encouragement ought to be given towards the further Extension thereof: That, in the Year 1742, on a subsequent Application of the Persons concerned in the said Manufacture, this House came to a Rei'olurion, That the said Manufactures were greatly improved and increased; and that the Price of Linens, as well of foreign as of home Fabric, had been thereby considerably reduced; and that an Act of Parliament soon afterwards passed for granting a Bounty of One Peny per Yard upon British and Linens of the Value of Six Pence, and not exceeding Twelve Pence, a Yard; and of One Halfpeny a Yard upon all such Linens under the Value of Six Pence a Yard, upon the Exportation thereof; for the Payment whereof, an additional Duty vyas laid on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain: That the said Bounty hath not answered the Intentions of Parliament; it having proved but of small Encouragement to the Exportation of coarse Linen of our own Fabric; the same being usually exported to the Colonies by way of Afi'ortment only, and not lingly, or in large Quantities, at one time; and that as the Officers of the Customs require a separate Package, Entry, and Certificate, for every Parcel intitled to the Bounty, a great Part thereof is necessarily exhausted in Custom- house Fees, and other Charges4 by reason whereof, and of the MultiplicityofOaths.distant Payment, &c, many Persons decline being concerned in such Exportation; for which, among other Reasons, the Exports of foreign low-priced Linen have as yet been very little lessened: That, since the Year 1738, the Quantity of Linen made in Great Britain and Ireland, especially of the coarler Sorts, is greatly increased; leveraJ Persons having, since that time, applied themselves to the Manufacture thereof, particularly of Ofnaburghs, in which they have succeeded to the intire Satisfaction of the Planters; having made the same better in Quality, though not so low in Price, as those imported from abroad; but that while the Drawback is allowed on foreign Linens exported, the Manufacturers are discouraged from carrying on a general Manufacture of coarse Linens, there not being a sufficient Demand for them in England, unless for Exportation; whereas,

were the said Drawback taken off, the Linen Manufacture, in every Branch, would be greatly increased, many Thousands of useless Hands in both Kingdoms, who now want Employment, might be employed therein; Children, as well as Men and Women almost of all Ages, being fit and able to carry on the lame, especially in the coarler Branches thereof, and the Plantations might, in a short time, be supplied with coarse Linens manufactured in Great Britain and Irelandas cheap, if not cheaper, than what they now pay for foreign Linens; past Experience having made it certain, that, in proportion as the Linen Manufactures of these Kingdoms are encouraged, ' the Prices of Linens, as well of foreign as of home Fabric, are proportionality reduced: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration this valuable Branch of Trade, which is of the greatest Consequence to both these Kingdoms; and to give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a select Committee: And that they do. examine, atad Rate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

’ Sir John

Mr. Carew:

vefon Gower, Mr. N&itnham, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir James Douglas, Sir John,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Attfon, Mr. Winnmgton,

Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. West, Mr. Nugent, Marquis of FI Arlington, Mr. Legh, Colonel Conway, Sir Francis wood, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hanbury, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wil-kiition. Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir John Mr.

Gwynne, Lord Strange, Mr. OJbaldeston, Lord Coke, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. jFazakerley, Mr. Robert Williams, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Spencer, Sir Nath, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Brooks bank, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir John Chester, Mr. Ross, Colonel Bladen, Sir

Hum, Howorth, Mr. Gore: Ar.d they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Lord Baltimore and Sir Norris be added to the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Laws expired, and near expiring.

Mr. Fane presented to the -House, according to Order, supply Bill» a Bill for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties Duties on upon all Wines imported into Great Britain-, and for Wines, tec. railing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring

Laws.

Tellers for the Yeas

of

Tellers for the Noes, j "j

| > jS.

I 128.

Bladen.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Limerick, Sir Wat. Wms. liynn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Whichcote, Lord Perceval, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Fox, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Le-

Vol. 24.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refblutions, which the Committee had airected him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand.Nine hundred Sixty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Allowance of Eight Weeks Pay to the Troops of for their

Return, computed from the 25th Day December 1744, to the Time of their Discharge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Twenty-three thou land Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners for the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to finish and complete the Works ne-cefihry for opening the said Harbour, and rendering it more ofeful and commodious.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, lor the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, wotn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question bejngput, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thou-fatid Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners for the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suf/ex, to finish arid complete the Works necessary for opening the said Harbour, and rendering it more useful and commodious.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for «he Yea} M4-

Tellers

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

40.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Th«

Supply.

772 25° — 26° . 1744.

The ether Orders of the Day being read

Sandwich Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Harbour, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the ,near Castle, be

received Tomorrow Morning.

Laws aga'mft Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Gaming. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

County Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve IleAion*. of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortist 26die Februarii;

Anno x8' Georgii IP* Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Shepherds "\/T B. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom

Shord Road. 1.YJL the Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Shepherd's Shord and the , and the Top of

Arlington Hilly and Rowd in the County of

by enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pe.icbey’s An *n8r0®:ti Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for exchanging divers Lands and Hereditaments in

shire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in belonging to Thomas

Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the fame, respectively; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. , Mr. Harley, Mr. Popham, Lord Barrington, Sir Walt. Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Torke, Mr. Prow/e, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Butler, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Wat.Wms. Wynne, Sir John worth, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. , Mr.

Hill, Mr. Young, Mr. , Mr. Gregory, Mr. Pel-barn, Sir John Strange, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Ockenden, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fellomes, Mr. Dawkins, Admiral end, Mr. Cornewall; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, SuJJ’ex, Kent, and Surrey, And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster The Lord Percevalpresented to the House, accor; ridge, to Order, a Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppotite Shore in the County of Surrey .* And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading Borough-from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through br*dge North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees; and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham', was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. Line 36. Before " Lord," to insert " the':"

Line 37. To leave out " of," and insert " in

Press 18. At the End of the Press, to insert " and that " no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having passed any Place or Places where the Tolls or Duties aforesaid " shall be taken, laden or empty, and going to load with Coals only, and returning again at any time empty.or laden with Coals only, within the Space of Forty-eight " Hours after the former Passage through the find Turnpike or Gate, shall be liable or compelled, during the " laid Forty-eight Hours, to pay the said Tolls or Duties more than once

Press 35. Line 26. After the Word " nearer," to in-lert " to the said Town."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees; and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hedtuorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Neale, Sir Tho- Tidcift* mas Drury, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir John Ramsden, Admiral Drij!pe,d*c* Townsend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Lord Perceval, °‘ Mr. Raw. Earle, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. White, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mujjenden, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Harris, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repairand amend the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of Fork, to a Place near the said City, called Iiob Moor Lane End, is committed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Sandwick mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Harbour, consider of the Report relating to the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, hear Sandown Castle, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That a safe and commodious Harbour may be made into the Downs, near Sandown Castle, fit for the Reception and Se-

curity of large Merchant Men, and Ships of War of Sixty and Seventy Guns, and be of great Use and Advantage to the naval Power of Great Britain, by preserving Ships in Distress, speedily refitting them for the Sea, and by saving the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects; and, in Time of War more particularly, be a ready Means of bridling Dunkirk, of guarding the Mouth of the River, and protecting the Coasts from Invasion and Insults.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, That an Estimate be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, of the Expence in purchasing Lands necefi’aiy to the making the said Harbour, Yand, and other Works thereunto belonging, and of the Expence of fortifying the fame, in o^’er to secure it from any lnlult by Sea.

Action near Tonlon.

County

Elections.

Call of the House.

Woollen Manu failure.

Justices of Peace Quali-fi cation.

Offices and Employment

18 Geo. II. 16° — 2 j° Februarii. 773

And Mr. Fane moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be pleased to give Directions, That an Estimate be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, of the Expence in purchasing Lands, necessary to the making the said Harbour, Yard, and other Works thereunto belonging, and of the Expence of fortifying the fame, in order to secure it from any Insult by Sea.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, Nemine contra die ente, That it be referred to a Committee to inquire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole Hotife.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day.Fort*-night, relblve it felt into the said Committee.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify tlfemselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Februarii \

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

flRDEREV, That all the Members who serve for Marquhof North Britain, be added to the Committee, to whom Annandale’s the Bill to enable George Fanden Bempde, Marquis of An- Name.

nandaky to ule the Surname and Arms of Fanden Bempde, pursuant to the Will of John Fanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Call of the House be furtheF adjourned till Thtirjday Seven night;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,* J «'

Tdlc-s for the Noes, j } ST

So it paITed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, *That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months;

An Amendment was profrofed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Two Months," and inferring the Word " Fortnight " instead thereof.

And the Question being put,'That the Words " Two ,e Months" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word c< Fort- night* be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do then attend, the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Yol. 24.

Ordered, That Mr. OJhaldeston do make the Report Hedon, &c. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road. Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Redon, through the said Town, in the East Riding of the County of York* to Hull North Bridge, was committed.

Mr. OJbaldeston accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon/ were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the proper Officers of the Wool Regis- Wool enter-ters in Kent and Sujj'ex do lay before this House, an Ac- ^mK-ent» count of the Quantity of Sheeps Wool entered in the Districts of those Registers, and what remains Stock in Hand, from Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744} distinguishing each County every respective Year.

Dr. Cotes reported from the Committee, to whom the Separate tn-Petition of the Surgeons of London, whole Names are corporation thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other of Surg«w the Surgeons in the City and Suburbs of London, and also the Petition of the Barbers of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the! rest of the Barbers of London; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners the said Surgeons, by their Counsel; and had also heard the Petitioners the said Barbers; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said Petitions, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In order to drew that the Barbers of London were incorporated not as Barbers, but as Surgeons, the Inspeximus of a Charter, granted to the Barbers of the City of London in the First Year of the Reign of King Edward the 4th, was produced; which, after reciting, That several Mif-chiefs had arisen to the Subjectsofthis Kingdom, through the Ignorance, Negligence, and Insufficiency, of divers Persons pradiling Surgery, and from the want of a proper Examination, Correction, and Punishment of such Persons, incorporates the said Barbers; impowering them to 9 L make

Googh

774 ^7 0 Febfua . 1744.

Separate In- make Laws and Ordinances for the good Government of ration desired by the Surgeons, except that a great many corporation the Corporation, and giving them the Oversight and Su- foreign Brothers (who are Gentlemen that practice both of Surgeons, perintendency of all Persons practising Surgery within the in Town and out of Town) refute to come into the Corn-City and Suburbs of London; with Power to punish all pany, upon account of the present Expence: That the such as should improperly exercise the said Mystery, and Fines paid by the Surgeons are very considerable; but toinfpeft their Instruments, Plaisters and Medicines; and that they are under no Necessity of paving them, unless declaring, that no Persons, for the future, should be ad- they please; and that the Expences of the Lectures are mitted to the Freedom of the said Company, but such the Consequence of the Lectures themselves, in which as were sufficiently skilled in the Mystery of Surgery. the Barbers have no Manner of Concern or Benefit.

Then, in order to shew the Intention of the Legislature Being examined as to the Money generally given to in uniting the Two Companies of Barbers and Surgeons, the Poor’s Box by Sea Surgeons at the time of their re-an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of King ceiving a Qualification, he laid, That it is always expect-Henry the 8th, intituled, For Barbers and Surgeons, was ed; but that, if they are not in a Capacity, it is not inread; which, after reciting. That there were Two distinct lifted upon; and that he never heard of any Persons being Companies of Surgeons in London, exercising Surgery, denied a Qualification, for refilling to pay it: That the the one called the Barbers of London, and the other the Qualification is delivered to the Party, sealed up, to be Surgeons of London; and that the Barbers were incorpo- carried to the Navy Office; and that the Mailer corn-rated by the Charter of King Edward the Fourth, and monly signifies to him what Fees are expected: That the that the other Company was not incorporated; and de- said Box is examined every Month; and about Nine daring, that it was necessary the said Two Companies Parts in Ten of the Money distributed by the Mailer and should be united, to the Intent, that, by their often af- Three Wardens to the Poor of the Barbers* fembling together, the Knowledge of Surgery might be Being asked, What Proportion the Barbers pay to the promoted; enacts, That the said Two Companies shall Poor’s Box ? he said, That the greatest Part of the In-be one Body Corporate; and provides, that no Barber come, applied to that Ule, arises by Examinations of Sea in London shall use the Faculty of Surgery, nor Surgeons Surgeons; but that the Apprentices of Barbers (who

that of Barbery. are as 20 to One) always pay when bound at the Hall,

And an attested Copy of a Charter, granted to the said and at their Admission to their Freedom, as well as the united Company in the 5th Year of the Reign of King Surgeons.

Charles the First, was produced; which, after reciting the And, in order to Hate the Difference between the Pay-said Act, and also the Charter granted to the said Comments made by the Surgeons and those made by the Bar-pany in the 2d Year of the Reign of King ’James the First, bers, a Paper, containing an Account of the said Pay-subjects all Persons, practising Surgery within Seven Miles ments, was produced to the Committee, and admitted, of the City of London, to the Inspection and Government The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

of the Mailers or Governors of the said Company; and di- Report, N® 1.

rests, that Two of the Four Governors, tobe chosen annu- Mr. Joseph , Clerk to the said Company, be-

aily, shall be Professors of Surgery; and that the Ten Exa- ing examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr, miners, who were all likewise to be Surgeons, should con- , as to the Fines paid by Surgeons at their Ex-

tinue for Life; and prohibits all Perfor.s from exercising the amination; as to the Behaviour of the Mailer (when a said Faculty within the Limitsaforesaid, unlessexamined by Barber) at those Examinations; and as to the Persons who Four or more of the said Examiners, in Presence of Two vote for the Demonstrators of Ofteology and Anatomy: or more of the Governors of the said Company, and ap- And further said, That the Mailer, if a Surgeon, inter-proved of under their common Seal; and also grants di- poses his Judgment in the Examination of Surgeons; but, vers other Powers and Privileges to the said Company, for if a Barber, he only puts the Question, Whether the the P»enefit, Improvement, and Regulation, of Surgery. Person examined shall be allowed; and that, at the Then Mr. John Hayward, being examined, said, That Monthly Meetings, the Barbers always withdraw at a he has been Mailer of the said Company, and has been certain Hour.

present at the Examination of Surgeons; and that the Being asked. What Method must be taken, in case the Mailer (who is every other Year a Barber) and Wardens Examiners should be equally divided in Opinion? he said* present sign the Diploma: That there are Ten Examiners, He imagined the Mailer mull decide; but that he never who have each Haifa Guinea, and the Mailer and War- heard of such an Instance; and that though the Mailer dens have the like. might possibly by virtue of his calling Voice (which is

Being asked, If the Presence of the Barbers at such given by an Order of Court), elect Demonstrators in Sur-Examinations was any Inconvenience ? he said, He did gery, against the Opinion of all the Surgeons of the not know that it was; but that he apprehended it would Court of Assistants, yet he never knew any Contest about be more eligible if the Mailer was always a Surgeon: the Election of a Demonstrator; nor did he ever hear

That the Barbers are generally present at the Four that the Barbers concerned themselves in such Elections. public Lectures of Anatomy; Two of which are at the Mr. Neil Stewart, being examined, said, That he was Expence of the Company, and the other Two at the’ appointed Surgeon of his Majesty’s Ship the; and Expence of the Surgeons: That the Charge of the En- being afterwards, in his Return home, taken Prisoner intertainments would not be so great, if the Barbers were a Merchant Ship by the , and put into the common

not to attend; but that there are other Expences which Prison at Brejl, he petitioned the Superintendant of the would be the fame, if they did not: That the Demon- Place to be removed to an open Hospital at Dinan, along strators of Anatomy and Ofteology are chosen by the with the Surgeon and Mate of the Northumberland Man whole Court of Assistants, which consists of Thirty Per- of War: That he inclosed his Warrant from the Navy fons; Fifteen of whom are Surgeons, and the other Fif- Office in his petitionary Letter; and some Days after-teen are Barbers: That he apprehends, the present Union wards, inquiring of the Linguist about the Success of his is the lleafon why many Persons do not bind their Chil- Petition, was told. That the Superintendant did not dren Apprentices at the Hall; and that he believes the know by his Warrant whether he, the Witness, was a Expence of maintaining the Poor of the said Company Barber or a Surgeon: That, upon his desiring the Linguist antes folelv from that Union. to read the Warrant over, by which it would appear he

Being further examined, he said, That there are always was a Surgeon, the Linguist replied, that it might be so; Two Barbers present at Examinations; but that he never but if he, the Witness, had been taken on board one of knew any Instance of the Barbers interfering in, or giving the King of Great Britain's, Ships, it W'ould have been out any Interruption to, such Examinations; and that nothing of doubt; whereupon the Witness, concluding his War-more is done by the Mailer, when a Barber, than what is rant would be of no Service to him, made application by done in every other Act of the Corporation: That he another Channel, and was ordered to go in a Draught never heard any Fast mentioned as a Reason for the Sepa- appointed lonie time after.

\ Being

18 Geo.sII. 270 Februarii. 775

Being asked, Whether the Linguist read the Warrant Then, in order to prove that the aforesaid Sum of Separate Tn~* ' through? he said, He believed he did not; but that heap- ^.510, given by Mr. Alderman ,was intended corporation prehended, the Reason of his being refused was, because the lolely for the Benefit of Surgery, Two Entries in a Book of Surgeoni. Certificate, mentioned in the Introduction to the said War- of the Corporation, marked D, relating to the Proceed-rant, is said to come from the Master or Governors of the ings of the Company in regard to the said Donation, were Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Chyrurgeons. read; and are entered in the Appendix, N° 3.

He further said. That though all the Warrants of Sur- To shew the Reason why so many Surgeons chuse to geons of Men of War are of the same Tenor with his, continue foreign Brothers,

which he produced, yet, had he been taken on board one Mr.----- Read, Surgeon, was examined: Who said,

of his Majesty’s Ships, he believed his Request would not That the Reason, as he apprehended, was the Expence have been denied, because he should then have been found of Feasts, and other Charges, attending the Freedom of in h«s Office. the said Company; but that if the Surgeons were consti-

Mr. Wm. Burrill, Surgeon, being examined, said, tuted a Company distinct from the Barbers, many of the

That Two Barbers were present at his Examination, and present foreign Brothers would probably come into such signed his Diploma: That One of the said Barbers (Mr. new-creded Company, and thereby render the Freedom Fraditi) expressed feme Resentment against him, the more reputable, and at the same time, as the Witness Witness, for not previously waiting upon him the said believes, less expensive.

Fradin; but that he did not interfere in the Examination, On the behalf of the Petitioners the Barbers of , the whole being managed by the Surgeons. the following Evidence was produced:

The said Mr. Wheeler, being again examined, said, In order to shew that the Barbers only of the City of That it does not appear, that any Barber ever paid the London were, incorporated by the before-recited Charter Fine of £.40, for not serving the Office of Mailer or of King Edward the 4th, the Clause in the Inspeximus Warden, because they serve those Offices; but that if they of the said Charter before produced, which incorporates did not, they mull pay the same as the Surgeons: the said Barbers, was read; and another Clause, which

That the Expences of the anatomical Ledum are borne exempts the said Barbers from serving upon Juries, was by the Surgeons; but, as to the other Leaures, it ap- also read:

peared by an Account, which was read to the Committee, And an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King that the annual Expence of the Company, on account of Henry the 8th, intituled, An Act for the Appointing of the said Leaures, amounts to about £. 103; towards the Physicians and Surgeons, was read; which, after reciting, defraying of which, the Company receives the Interestof That the Physicians and Surgeons werethen very illiterate,

£.510, given by Mr. Alderman Arris fora muscular enads, That none shall practise within Seven Miles of the Ledum; and also an Annuity of £. 16, bequeathed by City of without being first licensed thereto by the

Mr. Gale for an Ofteology Lecture. . Billiop of London, or the Dean of St. Paul's.

And the said Mr. Wheeler, being examined as to the Another Ad, made in the 5th Year of the same Reign,

Expences of the Viscera Lecture, laid. That the Mailers intituled, An Act concerning Surgeons to be discharged and Stewards of Anatomy, who are chosen for Two Years, of Quells, and other things, was read; which exempts ought to provide Four Bodies in that time; but that they the Wardens and Fellowship of the Mystery of Surgeons sometimes do not procure above One or Two; and that enfranchised in the City of being but 12 in

the Company and Stewards alternately find the others. Number, from serving Parish or other Offices; and ex-He also produced to the Committee a List of admitted tends the same Privilege to all Barber Surgeons admitted Surgeons, and another Lift of foreign Brothers; which to exercise Surgery, so that they exceed not, at any one Lifts, he said, he had compared with the Books of the time, the Number of 12 Persons.

Company; but the latter of the said Lifts being objected And several Clauses in the before-mentioned Act, to, on the Part of the Petitioners the Barbers, as contain- made in the 33d Year of the same Reign, were also read; ing the Names of upwards of 0 40: foreign Brothers.; whereby divers Provisions arc made in relation to Barbers whereas, as they alleged, there are only Ninety, or there- and Surgeons, as before-recited; and all Persons are pro-abouts; many of whom live at Canterbury, and other hibited from keeping Shops of Barbery or Shaving Places at agreat DistaDce from London-, he, the Witness, within the City of London, who are not free of the said acknowledged that several of the Persons, mentioned in Company.

the said Lift, had been dead many Years. Another Act, made in the 34th and 35th Year of

He further laid, That about 8 or 10 foreign Brothers the same Reign, intituled, A Bill that Persons, being no

had been admitted during the last Five Years: That common Surgeons, may minister Medicines, notwith-about 30 Surgeons had taken up the Livery in the same Handing the Statute, was read; which.ena&s,' That any time, and about 100 been made free of the Company: Person may administer Remedies to external Sores,

That the Barbers' cannot follow their Business in Wounds, &V. and Drinks for the Stone, Strangury, or London., without being free, of the Company; and that Agues, notwithstanding any former Statute, they commonly receive about £. 10 with an Apprentice, By a Charter granted to the said Company in the 2d and the Surgeons from £.loo to.£. 250. Year of the Reign of King James the First (Part of

As to the Number of Apprentices to each Business which was read), it appeared that the same was obtained bound at the Hall, it, was admitted, that the Surgeons at the joint Petition of the Barbers and Surgeons, had Five, and the Barbers Eighty-four, last Year. By another Charter granted to the said Company in the

' The same Witness..being asked, What Estate and 5th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First (which Effects the Company are possessed of? delivered -to the was also read), it appeared that the Barbers have a Right Committee an Account thereof; which, being admitted, to be present, though, as was admitted, they do not is entered in the Appendix, N° 2. intermeddle in the Examination of Sea Surgeons.

And he added. That, besides the several Estates men- Then, in order to shew that the Barbers have at all

tioned in the said Account, there are the Hall, Parlour, times concurred in promoting the interests of the Sur-and Theatre of Anatomy; as also the Ground upon which geons to the utmost of their Power, several Entries in the Hall is built, originally belonging to the Company; the aforesaid Book of the Corporation were read; and and that all the said Buildings, except the Theatre, were are inserted in the Appendix, N°4. burnt at the time of the Eire of London, and afterwards And a Representation of the said united Company to rebuilt at the Expence of the Corporation. her late Majesty Queen Anne, upon the 6th Day of

Being examined as to an Article in the said Account, of February 1710; and also a Petition of the said Company the Sum of £. 800, Old South Sea Annuities, as £.4 per to the Bishop of London, in behalf of the said Surgeons Cent.yearly* — £.32. ? . (contained in another Book of the said Corporation,

He. laid. That £. 200 of the said Sum had been lately marked E), were also read:;

fold out for the Use of the Company. And

VOL. 24.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeons.

if Februariu A. 1744.

And several other Entries in the last mentioned Book were also read, in order to shew the Concurrence of the Barbers in all Expences for the Benefit of the Surgeons [a).

And Part of the Will of Robert Per bras, Citizen and Surgeon of London, dated the ad of December 1470, was read; whereby it appeared, that several Estates, formerly belonging to the said Company, were given to the Barbers before their Union with the Surgeons.

And a Declaration of Bryan Sand ford, dated the 8th Day of March 1490, was also read; whereby it appeared, that the Site of the Hall was purchased by the Barbers before the said Union.

Your Committee having proceeded thus far in the Examination of the Matterof the said Pet it ions, recommended to the Parties concerned to endeavour to accommodate the Dispute between them, in relation to the Division of the Property of the Company; in consequence whereof, Two Proposals were delivered to the Committee, the one by the Agent for the Surgeons, and the other by the Agent for the Barbers; which were read; and are entered in the Appendix, N°6, 7.

At the same time, an Account of Contributions paid by the Surgeons and Barbers, and also an Account of the

several Receipts and Expences of the Company for Six Years pall, were delivered in by the Agent for the Barbers; and are entered in the Appendix; N# 8, 9.

And the said Agent being asked. How much the Income of the Estate in Ireland, belonging to the Company, amounted to, clear of all Deductions ? said, That, for Six Years past* the Company has received, communibus Amis, the Sum of £. 4a, upon Account of the said Estate.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surgeons have made good the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Separation of the Corporation of Barbers and Surgeons, and making Two Corporations of the present united Company of Barbers and Surgeons, will contribute much to the Improvement of Surgery, and thereby become a Matter of public Utility.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surgeons have made reasonable Propositions to the Barbers, touching the Property of the Estates now belonging to the united Company of Barbers and Surgeons.

N# 1.

APPENDIX.

Payments.

For the Freedom by Purchase -

For the Livery’s Fine -

For the Fines for all Offices to the Parlour Door, the Fines on the other Side included, except the Fine for the Lady’s Feast - For every Examination for the great Diploma -

For the Fine for the Four several Offices of Master and the 3 Wardens of the Company, which the Surgeons often pay, but the Barbers never do, sometimes 30 Guineas, but oftener -

For the Fine for the Master and Stewards of Anatomy, when called upon in turn, and, if they serve, the Expence is rather greater -

Note, The Clerk and Beadles are not included.

Payments to the Poor’s Box.

Paid by everyone who takes the Freedom For the Admission of a foreign Brother Surgeon For the Livery -

For the Diploma of Surgeon - For the Fine to the Parlour Door -Tor Master and Stewards of Anatomy -

The Expences of admitting foreign Brothers. For the Examination Fee -

The Poor’s Box -

The Clerk’s Fee for Diploma and Bond -

The Beadle's Fee -

Total

N*2.

Yearly Rents upon Leases.

For the House adjoining to the Hall, yearly - For the Two Houses at Dowgate, paid by Mr. Turner yearly For the House in Tower Street, paid by Mr. Campion yearly

Quit Rents and Annuities.

The yearly Annuity paid by Mr. Griffin's Representatives - Mr. Bank's Gift yearly -

Mr. Lav cock's Gift yearly ——

Mr. Bakers Gift yearly - -

Mr. Gale's Gift for the Ofteology Lecture -

Receipts of I nterest and Dividends.

The Sum of £. 800, Old South Sea Annuities, at per Cent, yearly -The Sum of £. zoo. South Sea Trading Stock, at 3 I per Cent, yearly The Sum of £.400, Bank Stock, belonging to the Poor’s Box, at £. 3 per Cent, yearly -

(a) Appendix, N° 5.

Surgeons

Pay.

The Barbers Pay.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

10 10 — 6 6 —

— I

2$---]

6 6 —

40-----

40-----

131 16 —

1 1 —

— 5

— 10 6

i 1 —

1 1 —

4 3 6

£. s. d. 10 — —

jo-----

1

1

2

3

16

32

7

12

40-----

71 6 —

— 26 1 t —

1 8 6

7 7 —

1 1 —

1 9 —

— 5 —

10 2

£. s. d.

21 —

23 — —

5r — —

99 —

a

18 Geo. II.

a 70 Februariu

777

N. B. The Ironmongers Company make a Dividend from the Estate in , granted by King

James the First to this and other Companies; but has not as yet been paid. It generally amounts to 6o or yearly.

n-3.

Curia AJJiftentium, 29° 1675.

Mr. Edward Arris, a very worthy Member of this Company, having formerly settled, by Deed, £. 30 a Year, for a Diffeftion of a Body yearly, and Reading on the Muscles, desired that Deed might be delivered up to him, in Consideration of £. 500 he is willing to give the Company, to go on with that Work themselves: The Court thought fit to leave it to himself, to give what he thought fitting; and he offering freely to give them 10 more, the Court ordered the^. 510 to be accepted, and his Deed to be delivered up to him, and cancelled, and Counsel to be advised with, to draw up a Covenant for the Payment of £.30 yearly for the future, as formerly, by the Company.

Die Luna, vicesimo oE 1677.

Order about Dr. /fmQThe Court this Day heard read his Proposals. $ the Answer, which the Governors and some of the Assistants, not making a full Court, considered of on Monday the 14th of January last, about the Proposals in the Caule between Dr. Arris and this Court, of the 5th of December last 1677; and do agree and order, that that Answer, as amended by Counsel, and followeth verbatim, be the Answer of this Court, and delivered to the Master of the Rolls, Tomorrow in the Afternoon, by the Governors.

The Answer of the Matters, or Governor, of the Mystery and Commonalty of Barbers and Surgeons, London, to the Proposals made by Dr. Thomas Arris, in an Order dated the 5th Day of December 1677, at the Rolls, before the Honourable the Master of the,.Ralls.

This Court having heard and considered of the Proposals of the 5th of December abovesaid, in the Presence of the honourable the Master of the Rolls, in the Cause then depending in Chancery between Dr. Thomas , Plaintiff, and this Company, Defendants, do answer and say. That Mr. Edward Arris, deceased, the Plaintiff's Father, did voluntarily and of his own Accord, without any Request made to him by the Company, or any Person in their behalf, offer them £.510, to deliver up and cancel the Deed and Settlement of the Lands mentioned in the Proposals for Payment of the Rent Charge of^. 30 per Annum, fora muscular Diffeftion yearly; urging this as his Reason; viz.That his only Son and Heir, the now Doctor, had and did then receive the Profits of the said Lands to his own Use, upon Condition, and under Promise, to pay the said £. 30 per Annum, for the said Diffeftion; but he found that he did never pay One Peny of it, or ever would do, when he their Benefactor was dead, without Trouble and Suit; with some severe and (harp Expressions, which we will by no means mention, although they were the very Words of the Father spoken of the Son: And further we say, that Mr. , our pious Benefactor, did nor could expect any other Security from us for the Performance of the said muscular Diffec-tion, than a Covenant under our common Seal; for that he knew, being an antient Member, and sometimes Governor of the Society, that we could not secure it by any Lands of our own nor had we Stock enough to buy Lands sufficient to make any other Security; for the Five hundred and Ten Pounds, the Settlement we parted with, being really worth an Hundred Pounds more; and if we should, to pleasure the Plaintiff, although against his Father’s express Will and Intent, who was our Benefactor, return the said Five hundred and Ten Pounds again, it would be looked upon as a great Neglect, perhaps a Breach of our Trust, as we humby conceive, to agree to take other than the same Lands, and less than the Whole, which was formerly settled by the cancelled Deed; which Premises considered, we do hope, that the honourable the

Vox.. 24.

Master of the Rolls will give us that Credit, which the separate la-

Donor of this worthy Gift was earnest with us to do, when corporation alive, though his Son be not so willing to trust us; and of Sttrgoooot. that the Doctor may be decreed, without Return of the Money, to take a Covenant, under the Defendants common Seal, for securing the Trustrepofcdinus, according to the Agreement made with his Father, at a Court of Assistants, February the 29th, 1675; and likewise pay the Charges of the Company, which they have or shall be put to by this troublesome and unnecessary Suit; which doth so much shew what they must expect from him hereafter, if they should part with the Five hundred and Ten Pounds.

N° 4.

Die Jovis, tricesimo Apri/is 1663.

This Court hearing, that the College of Physicians are about the Renewing of their Charter, and Cpnfirming of 'it by Act of Parliament, do order, That the Master and Wardens, for the Time being, Mr. Serjeant Painter, Mr.

Arris, Mr. Boone, Mr. Davis, Mr. Serjeant Knight, Mr.

Allen, Mr. Stamford, Mr. Loe, Mr. , and Mr.

Wooddall, be a Committee to consider and advise with Counsel, how to prevent any Mifchricf which may come to the Surgeons of this Company by it.

7«^the 5th, 1689.

Ordered the Clerk to attend Mr. Trevor, and have it under his Hand, to answer the Two following Queries; viz.

Whether the Surgeons of London have Power by Law to give internal Medicines to their chjrrurgical Patients?

Quere, Whether the Bill, now patting in Parliament by the College of Physicians, be a Confirmation of their Acts of Parliament, and the Charters they now enjoy ? or whether it be prejudicial to the Chyrurgeons of London

Julykhe 23d, 1689.

A Committee.

Mr. Geo. Horfnell, \

Mr. Tho. Lichfield,)

It is agreed by the Persons present. That the next Court of Assistants be made acquainted. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Charters, Grants, and By-laws, by which the Company be left with Mr. Hollis the Counsel, and Order to draw a Bill for the betterestablishing the Company; which Bill, when drawn, to be presented to the House of Commons, and endeavour to get it passed into an Act; and also, amongst other Particulars to be mentioned in the said Bill, that these or the like Clauses may be inserted; viz. That it shall or may be lawful, at all times hereafter, that all and every Chyrurgeon, that be duly examined by Four or more of the Ten Examiners, in the Pretence of Two or more of the Masters or Governors of the said Company, for the Time being, and by them approved under the Seal of the same Company, shall and may, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, give all Sorts of internal Medicine to his or their chyrurgicalPatients, as he or they shall think most conducing to the Health and quicker Recovery of their laid Patient; any Act of Parliament or Letters Patents heretofore made or granted to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that the giving internal Medicine, inall such Cases, shall be taken and deemed practising Chyrurgery; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, for their own private Interest and Gain, at any time hereafter, shall undertake and practise the said Art of Chirur-gery within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Circuit of Seven Miles of the said City of London, unless he or they be first examined and admitted in Method and Form aforesaid, upon Pain of for every Month he or they shall practise the said Art, not being examined in Manner aforesaid:

That in case the Bishop of London, or Dean of St. Pauls, shall oppose the Company in having full Power and Authority in lfoenfing Chyrurgeons, that then Application^ 9 M bqf

778" ij* Februarii. A. 1744*

Separate In- be made to put irtf© the Bill a Clause to this Effect; corporation vjz r

f Surgeon*. *phat no Person whatever shall be capable of being allowed by them, until they shall produce their Letter of Admission, under the Seal of the Company, l'ubscribed by Two or more of the said Matters or Governors; and that Chyrurgeon, so examined and approved on, as aforesaid, be excused from bearing of Arms:

And that no one of the College of Physicians of London shall, at any titne hereaftir, refuse to consult with any Chyrurgeon, so examined and approved, as aforesaid, in any same of Physic whatsoever.

It is also desired by this Committee, that, after a Court . of Assistants have confirmed what is proposed, that there be a Common Hall called, and be made acquainted of the Proceedings of this Committee;, and be desired to subscribe what Sums of Money they think fitting to give, in order to enable the Company to get the Bill proposed to be patted into an Act.

December the 4th, 1689.

A Court of ? Ordered, That the Governors havfc Power Assistants. J to call whom they think fit to their At. v fiftance, in defending the Rights of the Company against

Mr. Fan Loon; and that what Expences they shall be at, shall be allowed out of the Stock of the Company.

September the 9th, 1690.

Whereas there hath been an Abuse offered to Mr. Fenton Bynns by Dr. Gooddall, for giving internal Medicines in same of Surgery; Ordered, That if the College of Physicians do arrestMr. Bynns, that he shall be defended at the Cost of the Company, for the Fad now mentioned in Court.

Saturday, November 21 ft, 1702.

Ordered, That a Bill for the Encouraging of Surgeons, &c. be delivered to the House of Commons.

N# j.

Court Day, 4th December 1711.

It is ordered, That the Prosecution upon the Indictment against Joseph Wooden, for assisting at the Place of Execution in taking away the public Body, be continued.

At a Court of Assistants, May 7th, 1713

\ Whereas the Lord Bishop of London does pretend to a concurrent Power with jthe Governors of this Company to license Persons to practise Surgery; but the Inconve-. riience thereof having been represented to his Lordship, he has promised not to license any Persons for the future, except such as have been approved and examined by the Governor and Examiners of this Company: This Court, upon Consideration had thereof, and in order to prevent his Lordship from being misinformed touching the Qualifications of any Persons, who shall apply for his License, doth order. That Five Guineas shall, for this present Year, and also for so much time longer, as this Court shall take no order to the contrary, be paid unto his Lordship’s Register, as Caveat Money, and to prevent the Granting of Licenses by the Bishop of London to any Person or Persons to practise Surgery, but who have been examined and approved by the Governors and Examiners of this Company, for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Company, pursuant to the several Powers and Authorities granted to this Company, in that behalf, by the Kings and Queens of this Realm.

At a Court of Examinations, November 5th, 1713-

Ordered, That the Clerk do arrestand prosecute Mr. Rogers's Men, Mr. Bretton the Frenchman, in Spittlefields, anu all such others as practise Surgery without the Company’s Diplomas.

Court of Assistants, December 15th, 1715.

It is ordered, That Mr. Keilway's Bill of Charges* amounting to £.5. 6j. 4#. expended in Defence of an Indictment brought against him, for refusing to serve upon the Watch, be paid out of the Company’s Stock. % Court Day, May the 6th, 1718.

It is ordered, That the Clerk of this Company do arrest all such Surgeons as do practise Surgery without passing their Examination.

Court of Assistants, 24th June 1718.

The Master informing the Court, that the Theatre belonging to the Company flood in need of Repair, it was ' ordered that the same should forthwith be repaired: And it is hereby referred to the Discretion of the present Governors to cause the same to be repaired and beautified in such manner as they shall ttyink fit; and, when done, to pay the respective Workmen, whom they shall employ therein, their several Bills out of the public Stock of ther Company.

N°6.

The Surgeons propose, That the Annuity of Sixteen Pounds a Year, given by Dr. Gale for the Ofteology Lecture, and the Sum of £.510, paid to the Company by . Alderman Arris, for the Muscular Lecture, be vetted in the Company of Surgeons in Trust, to be applied to the Purposes of the Donors; and to relinquish to the Barber* all the rest of the real and personal Estate belonging to the united Company, except the Use of the Theatre, Diflfeding Room and Gallery, with the free Use of the common, Passage thereto, for One, Two, or Three Years, till the Surgons can provide themselves with proper Conveniences for their separate Use; they paying to the Barber* an Acknowledgment of One Guinea a Year for the fame.

N° 7.

The Barbers, upon considering the Proposals made by the Surgeons, beg Leave to give'this Answer:

That, in case of a Separation, allowing for the extraordinary Expences which are occasioned by the Businessof Surgery, and which will be saved, the Barbers will lose an Income of £. 249 per Annum, upon an Average, besides the personal Service of the Surgeons; but nevertheless, that they may not appear toobftrud any thing that may be thought for the public Good, they will not oppose a Separation, upon Condition, that ali the Property of the united Company (except Dr. Gale s Gift of £. 16 a Year* and Mr. Arris's Gift of £.510), shall remain to the Barbers:

That the Surgeons take a Lease of the Hall, Parlour, Theatre, &c, for such Days in the Year as they have commonly used the fame, at the Rent of £.80 a Year; which they conceive to be a reasonable Rent, considering that the Repairs and Taxes, which will fall upon the Barbers, amount, upon an Average, to £. 12$ per Annum, and are likely to increase; and that the Surgeons pay lqo towards the Expences the Barbers have been put to on this Occasion.

ooQ

18 Geo. II. 3.7° Februarii. 779

N° 8. - ,

/ d. Poor’s Box. ' /. */. C- 2

17^9 Surgeons - 18 18 — Barbers - -187 — Sea Surgeons 34 11 6

1740 - - - ► 20 2 — - - - 15 ~ - - 110 z 6

1741 ... - - 9 *7 — - 16 13 — - - - 95 2 6

1742- - - 67 — w - - - 10 12 — - 85 10 6

1743 - - . .5.. \s - 14 7 — v 46 8 — '

1744 - -74 — - - 12 3 6 - 68 9-

37 Grand Diplomas in fl

the Six Years > 19 0 0

87 11 6 87 10 6 440 4 —

1739 Surgeons Fines - 248 8 4' Barbels - - - 176 12 4

1740 - . -, - 2«Ji 9 4 - - - - 212 14 8

1741 ..... - 170, 18 4 - - - 252 19 —

1742 - - - - 199 4 - - - . 4

1743 - - 102 7 4 - - 211 5 —

1744 - - 157 4 — - - 14/ 18 —

1. j , 169 9 8 1,070 I 4 Difference - 99 3 4

1739 Portion, S. - . - 3« 2 , . - - 82 18 —

1740 - - - - 40 3 2 - - 6S 5 2

174* - - - - 28 6 10 - - 4 8

1742 ..... - 13 13 10 - ‘9 6

1743 - - 22 6 10 - - 2

1744 ..... - 23 — " 43 >3 6

' >58 10 358 12 JO - ‘ - 199 17 —

N *9-

Cash. Dr C'

1739. *739- /. /. d.

To Fines paid by Surgeons - 2J\S 8 4 By Cam paid the Balance of last Years

Barbers - - 176 12 4 Account - - 172 12 6

Cash out of the Poor’s Box - - 61 8 ? Taxes - - 66 2 —

Fine on a Lease- f- 1JO - Repairs - - - - 40 9 2

JDepofit from the Fire Office 1 13 i-i Furniture , - -; - - IO I4 3

Henry the 8th’s Print - , — 10: 6 Coals and Candles l8 i 9

Quarteridges - 62 s 10 Joint Expences 70 17 Iof

Rents - - - 20 - Expences on Account of Surgery - - 156 10 9

Annuities - - - - 23 - -' — Stationer - 6 15 —

Dividends on Stock - , 28 7 10 Poor - 61 8 2

Salaries - - - - 146 12 74

Minister, Clerk, and Sexton 3 — 6

Balance - ' — 5 nl Chamber of London - - - 18 7 6

A Corn Bill - 1 ,

772 12 I 772 12 I

T740. 1740.

To Fines p^id by Surgeons - - 291,;< } 4 By Cash paid to balance last Account - — 5114

Barbers - - 212 14 8 Taxes - 64 Ij IO

Cash out of the Poor’s Box - - 55 4 10 Repairs - 52 6 —

Deposit from Fire Office - 13 14 7 Furniture - I 15 —

Cash of Mr. Bernard - 5 j Coals and Candles 18 6 —

Henry the 8th’s Prints 3 12 — Joint Expences 77 4 — 4

Quarteridges - 60 — — Expences on Account of Surgery 47 12 4

Rents - - 25 — . — Stationer - - 23 13

Annuities ... - - 23 — . _ Poor - 55 4 —

Dividends on Stock - - 3° — - — Salaries - - - 164 17 5

Dividend of Irish Estate -> - 65 13 5 Minister, &c. - 356

Chamber of London - 15 8 10

Stock bought in - 5° »5 6

Balance - - 210 4 5

78s 13 10 7*5 *3 10

Vol. 24 1741. — To

Separate Incorporation of Sorg/eon*.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeons.

780

27® Februarii.

A. 1744;

174*

To Balance received of last Account Fines paid by Surgons

----- Barbers

Cash out of the Poor’s Box Henry the 8th’s Prints Quarteridges -Rents - -

Annuities -Dividends on Stocks

Dr. £. s. d. ~ 210 4 s

- 170 18 4

- 252 19 —

7 6 17 2

- 102 8 9

20-----

- 23-----

- - 35-----

Balance - 17 1 6

908 17

1742.

To Fines paid by Surgeons

— *----- Barbers

Oath out of the Poor’s Box £.200 Stock fold out Henry the 8th’s Print Quarteridges -Rents -Annuities -Dividends on Stocks Dividend of Irish Estate -

Balance -

199 2 4

73 4

79 8 6

222 5 —

— 8 — 4616 i 25 <-

23-----

35-----

96 12 7 6 18 8

*743-

To Fines paid by Surgeons

----- Barbers -

Cash out of the Poor’s Box Henry the 8th*s Prints £. 100 Stock fold out Cash -Quarteridges -Rents -Annuities -Dividends on Stocks

Balance -

1744.

To Fines paid by Surgeons

—— ----- Barbers -

Cash out of Poor’s Box -£.50 Stock fold out -

Prints of Henry the 8th Fine on Lease -Quarteridges - -

Rents -

Annuities -

Dividends on Stocks D* on Irish Estate -

808

102 7 4

211 5.-

71 16 6 8 8 —

hi ——

94 15 5 43 18 4

25 -

23-----

27 — —

26 19 n£

O.

Balance -

746 — 6f

>57 4 — 142 18 —

75 3 6 57 7 6 5 4 —

40-----

6j 13: 8

*J — ~ - 6 — — 24 15 —

89 14 — 54 - 7

743 — 3

Surgery

174*.

By Taxes Repairs Furrtitufe -Coals and Candles Joint Expences -Expences on Account of Stationer -Poor -

Salaries - -

Ministers, &V.

Chamber of London -Corn Bill -

Stock bought in - 1 -

Allowance to* Court of Assistants Men that religned -

1742.

By Balance of last Account Taxes -

Repairs - v-

Coals and Caridles

Joint Expences -

Expences on Account of Surgery -Stationer - -

Poor -

Salaries - -

Minister, c'Sc* -

Chamber of London -Expences on Sale of Stock -Allowance to Court of Assistants Men that resigned -The Company’s Stand by the Influence of Mr. Danjte Furniture -

1743- ,

By"Balance paid of kft Account Taxes -' Repairs - -

Coals and Candles Joint Expences

Expences on Account of Surgery

Stationer -

Poor -

Salaries -

Minrfter -

Chamber of London

Short -

Furniture -

Poor’s Box Money borrowed Corn Bill -

Mr. Maurice Money borrowed Stock Expences on Sale

£ * d.

62 13 6

132 4 6

I 6 I3 IQ

20 13 — 116 — ' 4' 89 10 — 17 — — 76 17 2

19 4»

3 — 6 14-----

220 2 6

53

908 17: 2

17 16

67 5 6

32 .7 6 ar ‘6 — 140 17 6

95 3 a‘

26 — — 'i.

79 3-6 85 16 8

3 - 6 15 19 10 1 i8 —

26 5 —

)77

18 13 10

808 3 6 1

618 8 66 — 8 85 .9

15 9 8 179 10 x 71 6 5

10 5 —

71 16 6 123 13 irf 416 i3 >5 — a 13 8

7 H 6

34 7 —

Jo 8 ix 1 10 —

1744-

By Balance of last Account Taxes - -

Repairs -

Coals and Candles -Joint Expences -Expences on Account of Surgery -Stationer -

Poor -

Salaries -

Minister, &c.

Chamber of London Short -

Furniture -Poor’s Box Money borrowed Allowance to Court of Assistants Man that resigned -

746 —

26 IQ Ilf 78 4 4

jo 6 8

26 6 6

127 8 8{

86 5 5

27 Z 75 3 6

115 4 — ,

3 ix — 13 2 6

- t9-

73 1 8

34 7

743 — 3 The

Churchcr’s Donation to Petersfield.

Offices and Employments.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Duties on Wines, &c.

Laws touching County Elections.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

i8 Geo. IL 270 — 28°

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

The said Propositions made by the Surgeons, and the Answer made thereunto by the Barbers, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, were read.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a 0i}l pursuant to the Resolutions of the said Commicree, now 8greed to by the House: And that Dr. Cotes, Mr. Carew, Mr. Knight, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Perceval, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Knight, Mr. Metcalfe Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hungerford\ Mr. Walker, Mr. Bennett, Dr. Cotes, Mr. OJlaldefton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. York, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is corqmkred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. \

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunned the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That Mr. Speke have Leave to go into the Country for three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain', and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill co explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England',

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted co his Majesty.

Vol. 24.

Februarii. ' 781

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Qualification whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render of Justices of more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his the Peace‘ present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the County whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the Election*, Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made forme Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider further <?f the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir James Hamilton, Lord Glenorchy, Drawback Sir Ar. Forbes, Mr. Crawford, Mr. John Steuart, Mr. o"forc, gn DougUfs, General St. Clair, Lord Advocate of Scotland, nens*

Mr. Kaye, Mr. Mure, Lord Granard, Mr. Doddington,

Mr. Oswald, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens,

Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Neale have Leave to go into the Leave of Ab-Country, upon Account of the Indisposition of his Mo- fcncc* ther.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno 18° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intiruled, An Act Beauchamp’s for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and Name* his Heirs, the Surname of Proffor, according to the Direction of the lad Will and Testament of George Proffor Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Page, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Pratt, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carew,

Lord Palmerfion, Mr. Hales, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. White, Mr.

Powney, Admiral Matthews, Mr. Foley, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. War bur ton. Sir James Grant, Mr. Hed-worth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Shuttle worth, Mr. West, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Cope, Mr. Wright, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Strange, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Blagrave> Mr. Fortescue; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Middlesex, Bucks, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from Spanish the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the c 0 House, pursuant to their Order,

9N

An

Offices and Employments.

Westminster

Bridge.

28° Februa

A. 1744.

An Account of all Spanish Wool imported into England, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1743s distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sailcloth imported into England, from Ckri/hnas 1736, to Christmas 1743, the Amount of the Duty paid thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what Sailcloth, and Sails ready-made, have been imported into the Port of Hull from Christmas 1736, to Christmas 1743 distinguishing how much by Sailcloth, and how much for Sails ready-made; and distinguishing each Year.

" And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Com-mictee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second rime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

A Petition of Thomas Greenaway of Reading, in the County of Berks, Bargemaster, John Plumfed, and William Middleton, of Reading aforesaid, Maltsters, and Thomas Bishop of London, Cirizen and Salter, in behalf of themselves, and divers othei\Persons, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Night, be- tjlc faicj gjj

tween the 31st Day of August and the First Day of September 1743, a Barge, belonging to the Petitioner Thomas Greenaway, laden with Flour, Malt, and divers other Goods belonging to the Petitioners John Plumsted, William Middleton, and Thomas Bishop, and divers other Persons, in passing through One of the Arches of the new Bridge at Westminster> ran upon a Pile, which was drove there for the carrying on the Works of the said Bridge; which Pile having been drove there in the Evening of the said 31st Day of August, and being covered with Water, could not be avoided by the Persons who navigated the said Barge; by which Accident the said Barge was funk, and the Goods therein greatly damaged; so that the Loss sustained by the Petitioners, and the rest of the Owners of the said Goods, amounted to the Value of Three hundred Pounds and upwards: And therefore, inaimuch as the said Loss happened without any Neglect or Default of the Petitioners, and was occasioned by the Works necessary for building the said Bridge, which Works were erected by the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament, so that the Petitioners can have no Remedy for the fame, unless by Authority of Parliament, and there is now a Bill depending in Parliament, for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, praying, That a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, whereby the Petitioners, and the rest of the Sufferers, may be relieved in the Premises, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideradon of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strode, Mr. Blagrave, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Powney, I.ord Perceval, Mr. Pratty Mr.

Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr.

Prowje, Sir Charles Mordaunty D r. Butler, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Ml*. Scott, Mr. Lev son Gower, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Page, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Thortias Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir John Cust, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Carteret, Mr. Bennett,

Lord Paknerfton, Sir John Rushout, Admiral Matthews', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks,

Bucks, Oxon, Surrey, Middlesex, Sussex, and Kent, and for the Five Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Putfiffiing ^nd for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar- Mutiny and ters, was read the Third Time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Afor punishir.g Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their.Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do make the Report from justices of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pea(:e Q"*li-amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the ficaLion* Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of justices of the Peace, was committed.

Mr. Carew accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to ^Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House

Ordered, That the <3rder of the Day, for the House to Laws again!! resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Naming, consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Naval Aaion Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- near Toulon, regions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, so far as they relate to the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, written to, or received from.

Admiral Matthews and Vice-Admiral Lejlock, or any other Officer on board the British Fleet in the Mediterranean, by either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or either of them.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Ditto, of so much of the Ships Journals received by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad-

miral of Great Britain, from any of the Officers of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean, as relates to the said Action.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Line of Battle in the said Action, be laid before this House.

Resolved\

18 Geo. II. 28°Februarii — 1° 783

A^'on near Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his kliff aforesaid, may be lengthened and extended from

loulon. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Rowckliff aforesaid to Gariftown and Mojsband, and so to reftions, that the said Copies be laid before the House. the River Sark, in the said County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Con- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Ma- sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the jetty's most honourable Privy Council. Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, Ordered^ That One of the printed Books of the general is referred: And that they dp examine the Matter there-Sailing and Fighting Ihstructions to his Majesty’s Fleet, of; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to be laid before this House. the House:

Ordered, That Richard Lejlock Esquire do, upon TueJ-day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire into the Cause of the . Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, Tha 1 Frederick Cor new all Esquire, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Hector, do then attend the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

Recasting The House resolved icself into a Committee of the the Aimy. whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments serving in Flanders , Minorcay Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetteris, i° die Martii;

Anno i8° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

Birmingham QIR Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, ac-throughf.lm- O cording to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road irom don Road. Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elm-don, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Brough un- A Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tn-der Stain- habitants, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to moore Road. t])e j-]ouse> ancj rcac|. reciting a Petition lately presented to this House, and now depending, of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland; whereby they pray, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to collect a T oll or T oils, in such Part or Parts of the Road from the East End of Brough under Stainmoore, in the County of Westmorland, to the River Sark, in the County of Cumberland, as may be most convenient; and that the same may be speedily amended, and kept in good Repair; and that a Branch may be extended from a Place in the said Road, called Grimer Hilly to Rowckliff, in the County of Cumberland; and alleging, That the Road from Rowe-kff aforesaid to the River Sark is-in a. ruinous Condition; and that the same cannot, by the Laws now in being, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That the Branch, that was prayed by the said Perinon to be carried from Grimer Hall aforesaid to Rowe-

Vol. 24,

Sir Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to Beverley whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more Beck Creek effectual', an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the ^anfing» Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening/and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and the River Hull; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

The Lord Dupplitt reported from the Committee, to Prefcmtion whom the Bill to amend and render more effedhial the of public Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, Roads* was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him*to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuejaay Fortnight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Woollen Manufactory in the Town of Lavenham, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House* and read; fctcing forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, ‘ are under great Hardships, upon account of what they are obliged to pay to the common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, if the Bill now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Tuesday last (That his Majesty would be pleased Address* to give Directions, That an Estimate be prepared, in order to be laid before this House, of the Expence in purchasing

Lands

784

Martii.

A. 1744.

Answer to Addresses.

Lands necessary to the making the Harbour proposed to be made from Sandwich into the Downs, near Sandown Castle, the Yard, and other Works thereunto belonging, and of the Expence of fortifying the fame, in order to secure it from any Infulc by Sea) had been presented to his Majesty} and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr* Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be gra-cioufty pleased to give Directions, that the several Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty} and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Shepherds An ingrossed Bill for the effectual repairing the High-Shord Road. wayS between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes, and the Top of Ashlington Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts, by enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annej and the other of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes, and the Top of Ashlington Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Doctor Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hedon, &c. An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Roads. a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, through the said Town, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Hull North Bridge, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Press 2. Line 22. Leave out <c Richard,* and insert " Thomas"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. OJbaldeston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Offices and An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have omit-roents>y" te^ co clualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them I elves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

.Foreign Li- Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay nenr, &c. before this House, an Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes, that have been reexported, from Christmas 1731, to Christmas 1744., together with an Account of the Drawbacks paid thereon j distinguishing each Species and Year, and to what Country re-exported.

Duties on Ordered. That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Carubrick;. b-ffijre this House, an Account of the Amount of the additional Duties on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, granted by an Act of the 15;h and 16th Year of his pi cient Majesty i and also an Account of the Quanti-

ties of British and Irish Linens intitled to the Bounty granted by the said Act, which have been exported from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas 1744.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Mark Cramer and CrameEsfcc. Samuel Mejlrezat was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel Me-Jlrebat.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Williams dp, upon Tuesday Woollen Ma. Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, nufadure. to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of . the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dalby do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Farnworth do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Staples do attend the said Committee at the same time.

A Bill for rendering more effl-Ctual the several Acts* Brilloi Poor, passed for the Erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better Employing and Main* taining the Poor thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Fane, Mr, Bacon, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Bladen,

Mr. Plumer, Sir James Grant. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Earle,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Conyers D*Arcy, Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Chester*

Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Granard, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowje, Sir John Mole I worth, Mr. Powney,

Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bejl, Mr.

Blagrave, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Edwin, Lord Perceval, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Edward Daring, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Moore, Sir Wm Calvert, Mr. Watson, Mr. Meiliftj,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Miles Stapyllon, Mr.

Winford, Mr. Arjcott, Mr. Archer, Sir Wat. IVms.

Wynne, Mr. Feliowes \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Sana Jet, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Merchants Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whole Hands are thereunto Claims on subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; fetdng sPairu forth. That the Petitioners had their Ships and Effects taken at Sea, and in Port, by the Spaniards, in the Year 1718, before the War was declared: That, in the Year 1721, there was a Peace concluded with the Crown of Spain; and it was expressly agreed, that all Goods, Merchandizes, Monies, Ships, or other Effects, which were seized or taken before War was declared between the Two Crowns, or since, should be immediately restored in the Species as they were seized or taken, or else there should be paid the just and true Value they were worth at the time they were seized or taken j and Orders were sent to the Intendants of several Provinces in Spain, &e. that what was stipulated might be complied with in every Particular:

That, in March j 7 28, the Petitioners petitioned this House; setting forth their great Losses, and proved many Particulars thereof at the Bar, in so plain and full a Manner, that the House, on the 3d of April following, came to the following Resolution: " That several Ships, Merchandize, and Ef-c< feds, belonging to the Petitioners, had been taken by the " Spaniards, in manifest Violation ot tre Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns; for which no Restitution had yet been made, &c.* and aadrefled his Majesty thereon: That, in January 1729-30, an absolute Peace was made with Spain. and all former Conventions and Treaties, in favour of Trade and Navigation, were renewed and confirmed; and t hat a just and ample Recti-tution and Reparation foi all unlawful Seizures and Depre- dations

L.

*8 Geo. II. i0 Mart,785,

dations were expressly stipulated and agreed to: That, some time after, Commissaries were appointed to go to Spain, to examine and adjust all such Matters as by the Treaty of Sevil were referred to the Examination and Dif-cuffton of Commifi'aries, to be appointed by the Kings of Great Britain and Spain; and public Notice was given, that all Merchants and others, who had any Claims to be laid before the said Commissarics, might forthwith bring them to the Office of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with suchProofsand Vouchers of their several Lofl'cs, authenticated in such manner as the Claimants should judge most convenient: That the Petitioners, according to those Directions, did deliver to the said Commissioners their Proofs and Vouchers; but as yet they have not received any Satisfaction: That, in January 1738-9, a Convention was agreed between the Crown of Great Britain and that of Spain, and Plenipotentiaries were appointed by both Crowns, in order to settle and adjust all Differences which had been raised on account of Visiting, Searching, and Taking, of Vessels, Cfr.; and it was agreed, that the King of Spain should cause to be paid to his Britannic Majesty the Sum of Nineiy-five thousand Pounds for a Balance, which was then admitted as due.to the Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the CroWn and Subjects of Spain; to the end that the above-mentioned Sum, together with the Amount of what has been acknowleged, on the Parc of Great Britain, to be due to Spain on her Demands, may be employed by the King of Great Britain for the Satisfaction, Discharge, and Payment, of the English Subjects for their Demands upon the Crown of Spain j and accordingly the Parliament granted the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, being the Sum acknowleged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, and agreed by the King of Spain, in the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, bearing Dare at Pardo, the 14th Day of January 1739, N. S. to be applied, together with the further Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds, to be advanced the Crown of Spain, towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty’s injured Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards: That a Commission has lately issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen from Reprisals taken from the Spaniards at the Breaking-out of the present War with Spain, amongst the suffering Merchants} but does not extend so far back as to take in the Petitioners Cafes: That the Petitioners having been recommended to his Majesty by this House, as aforesaid, and their Claims on the Crown of Spain allowed in the Convention at the Pardo, and the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, granted by Parliament, remaining undisposed of, whereout the Petitioners might receive a Satis-fadior. for their Losses, and, as the Petitioners conceive, was the Intent of the Legislature in granting that Sum j but thac the King of Spain not performing his Part of the said Convention, the said Sum, granted by Parliament, cannot, as the Petitioners are informed, be applied for the Purpose it was intended, or towards making a Saris-faction to the suffering Merchants for their Losses, without the further Directions of Parliament: That, on the 16th of March 1743, the preceding Part of this Petition was presented to this House, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Thac his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and was graciously pleased to recommend it to the Consideration of the House j which was then read, and the House referred it to a Committee: That, on the 2d of May 1744,3 Report was made from the Committee to the House: And therefore praying, Thac this House will take the same of the Petitioners into their further Consideration, and grant them Relief out of the Sixty thousand Pounds given by Parliament, or in such manner as to the House shall seem mecc.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of die Concents of the said Petition, iccomrr.ends it to the Consideration of the House.

A Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight, was also pre-Vol. 24.

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Ifttd Twenty Butts of Malaga Wine in the Ship Anne, Richard Cheejman Commander; which Ship was taken by the Spaniards in April 1719} and that the Petitioner, with many other Merchants, applied to this House the 13 th of March 1728, setting forth their Losses by Spanish Seizures and Captures from 1718 to 17*11 Thar, in the Year 1721, a Treaty of Peace was made with Spain; in which it was stipulated, that all Ships and Goods, tdc. seized in Harbour, or taken on the Seas, betwixt the Years 1718 and 1721, should be reftofed, or paid for according to their Value: That, after the said Application, the Petitioner, through Inadvertency, did* not take any other Measures to obtain Satisfaction for his Lossj but as several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers from 1718 to 1721, are now applying to this House, that they may have Sacisfadion for their Losses out of the £.60,000 granted by this House the 14th of May

1739* to answjer what had been acknowleged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, the Petitioner therefore praveth, That his Loss may betaken into Consideration, and he be intitled to such Share of the said £.60,000, as shall be allotted to the other Merchants, although he has not gone through all the necessary Forms, as some of them have done.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fad contained in the said Petitions:

And they are referred to Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr.

Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Tho* mas Gore, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Knight, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Satifle, Mr.

Buncombe, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Arundel, Captain Bojcawen, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir John Molesworth, Sir James Grant, Admiral Townsend, Hr Hugh Smithjon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Whichcvte, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Scott, Mr. Gildart, Mr.

BrereUn, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Mr. Scrops, Sir Hum.

Howarth, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Fane: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. cfburston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Morin's Nat. naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Penton’sNat. naturalizing Dorothy Penton, Wife of Henry Penton Esquire} and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Duties on Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Six S" &c’ Years 5 and for declaring, that the Duties on Salt, which arise and arc payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon, as the same Duties were liable to by the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First} without any Amendment.

And tften the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Naval Action of all Ships Journals rransmitted to the Commissioners of near Toulon, the Navy, lb far as they any-ways relate to the Action last Year, in the Medit err an e an, between his Majesty *s Fleet and the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List 9 O of

Supply Bill; P'i ties on Wihes, &c.

County Elections.

Justices of Peace Qualification.

Weflm’mfler

Bridge.

Benton’sNat.

"Marquis of Annaudale’a Name.;.

i° — 2° — 40 Martii. 1744.

of all the Witnesses applied for, to the Commissioners for. executing the Office of Lord High A.dmiral, by Admiral Matthews and V ice*Admiral Lejlock, or either of them; distinguishing such of them as are now at home and abroad.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the said Lift be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most‘honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to.his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner, therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Parc of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday nexc, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further’Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Sir John Crcjfe, Mr. Laroche, and Mr. Kent, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Greenaway of Reading, in the County of Berks, Pargcmaster, John ' Plumjled, and IVi Hi am Middleton, of Reading aforesaid, Maltsters, and Thomas Bijkcp of London, Citizen and Salter, in behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Pent on. Wife of Henry Penton Esquire;, and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

port the Bill to the House, Vithaufc any Amendments

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Speenham* the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and *lanci Road* Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiift, for repairing the Highways from Speenbariland, adjoining to*

Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wills, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had: gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments . thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the v.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Com--mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said’

Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Morin's kat. naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin, was read the First:1 time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of thfc Recruiting whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy the Army# and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Handers, Minorca, Gibraltar, and tho Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

M.r. Speaker resumed the Chair. sMr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunta; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 4-° die ‘Martii;

Anno i 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Choi.

to enable George Earl of Cholmondefey, and Pattee, mondeley’s, Viscount Torrington, to take in Great Britain the Oath of &c:

Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Pay — n* master General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland,-and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sabbati> 2° die Martii;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1 744. Prayers.

SIR James Johnsion reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intilul?;H, An Act to enable George Vanden Bevtpde, MJarquis of dn-11a n dale, to ule the Surname and Arms of Van den B'empde* purhianc to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had directfed him tojre-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Speenham-adjournpd Consideration of the Report from the Com- land Road, mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the T welfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamlandp adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wills, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the '

Lid Report.

And the Refulue of the Amendments, made by the Cuinmictee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second 6 . time.

Marquis of

.^rvrtandale’s

Name.

kirmingham

Roads.

Mht mouth Writ.

Westminster

Bridge.

JVrfervation of Public Roads.

Beverley tt-ck Creek cl«uibng, &c.

18 Geo. II. 40 Mar Hi. 787-

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Vanden Benipde^ Marquis of Annandale, to use the Surname and Arms of Vanden Bempde, pursuanc to me Will of John Vanden Bempde hlquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Replied, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Johnsion do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Mor daunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Biii ior continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmingtony and from Birmingham,' through Siratfurd upon Avon, to Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Replvcd, That the Bii/ be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of 1 he Crown, to make out a new Wrir, for the Electing of a Burgess to Lrve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Monmouth, in the County of Monmouth, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Noel Burnerfet Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Nee! So-rnerjet, now Duke of Beaufort, called up to the House of Peers.

A Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners* for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Biii be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thac this PJouie will, Tomorrow Seven-night, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; fetring forth, Thac the Petitioners, as the Laws already (land, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners arc obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, thac if the Bill, now before this House, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of raisinsr the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchan-

O O

dizesall over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all ocher the Inland Traders,-and to the Detriment of the Trade in general, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into. Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for cleansing, deepening, and widening, a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and fur repairing the Staiths near the said Beck; and for amending the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, in the Lafl Riding of the County of York-, and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the Laid Beck and the River was read the Third time,

Vol. 24.

Pffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for more effectually cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving a Creek, called Beverley Beck, running into the River Hull; and for more effectually repair-

ing the Staiths near the said Beck, and the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and the River Hull.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duties on granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines, &c. Wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered she Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quel- tion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thac the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Friday last (That his Majesty will be graciously Address. pleased to give Directions, that the Lift of all the Wic-neftes applied for to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, by Admiral Mathews and Vice-Admiral Lestock, or either of them; distinguishing such of them as are now at home and abroad; be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and thac his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, thac he will give Directions accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being proposed, African That the Royal African Company of England do lay be- Company, fore this House, an Account of the Number of Slaves sold by them since 1729; distinguishing the Years when, and Persons to whom, fold, as far as the same appears from their Books or Correspondence; and also all Contracts for Slaves made with them, or their Agents; together with all Letters, or Copies of all Letters, written or received by them, or their Agents, in relation to such Contrafts, or to Slaves furnished on their Account; specifying the Confederation paid for the Slaves so furnished;

And the previous Question being pur, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,* JJ£ ] 19.

Tellers for the Noes.^J; J 5

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Slaves sold by them since 1729; distinguishing the Years when, and Persons to whom, fold, as far as the same appears from their Books or Correspondence; and also all Contrafts for Slaves made with them, or their Agents; together with all Letters, or Copies of all Letters, wric-ten or received by them, or their Agents, in relation to such Contrafts, or to Slaves furnished on their Account; specifying the Consideration paid for the Slaves so furnished.

The Order of the Day being rend, for the House Supply, to refoive iticlf into a Committee of the whole House,-

to

tr

40 — -50 Maftii. , 1744-

to consider further of the Supply granted to hrs Ma-

1 jesty 5 '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Frtddy Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Law £ against The Order of the Day being read* for the House to

Gaming. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

County Elec- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

tions. House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and

amend the Laws touching the Fledlions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto $ which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 die Mariii i

Anno 18® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

PreOrvation of Public Roads.

Prayers.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Cokbejiery in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons* whose Names are subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already Hand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to Common Carriers for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill now before this House, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law’, the same would be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet. And the said Petitions were ordered to lie upon the Table.

pitta A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick) was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already itand^ arc under great Hardships upon Account of , the Bates they are obliged to pav to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandize: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the I louse, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of raising

the Price of Carriage in general so efccefljvdy high, as to render the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, utterly incapable of supplying foreign Markets upon as cheap Conditions as neighbouring Nations can serve them; by which Means, this Kingdom will be deprived of the Sale of most Sorts of heavy Goods, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, and their Families; which will increase the Number of the Poor, affect ail Inland Estates, and be very detrimental to the Trade of this Nation, in-general: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem mee£

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, BriHol Poor.-of the City of Bristol, in Common Council assembled, undeF their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King#7/?-liam the Third, for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Brt/loly for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, it was enabled, That the Mayor and Aldermen of the City, and Eight-and-‘

Forty Persons, and Rich other charitable Persons, elected as therein mentioned, should for ever then after be One'

Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Afi-istants, and Guardians, of the Poor, in the said City of Brijlel; and-that h should be lawful for the said Corporation, from time to time, to let down what Sums should be needful for the Maintenance of the Poor within the Care of the said Corporation, so that the same did not exceed what was by the said Act limited; and certify the feme to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Ciry; who were thereby required to cause the feme to be raised by Taxation of the Inhabitants, and of Stocks and Estates, in the said City, to proportion out the Sums upon each Parish, and to authorize the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of each Parish to assess and gather in the same respectively; and, after the feme should be received*, to pay the same unto the Treasurer of the said Corporation; and it was by the said Act provided, That if any Person or Parish should find them-felvis unequally taxed, they might appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said City, at their next General Quarter Sessions; who, thereby, had full Power to make a final Order therein: That several Acts have been since patted* for making more effectual the recited Act: That a Bill is-now depending in this House* intituled* A Bill for rendering more effectual the several Actspatted foreredling of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol} for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof: That, in Compassion to the Necettities of the Poor (landing in need of parochial Relief, a Power is, by the Laws of this Kingdom, veiled in Justices of the Peace to receive the Complaints of such Poor, to whom Relief hath been, or maybe, refused in the Parishes or Places to which they rdpectively belong; and also to order such Relief in such Manner* and in such Proportions, as to the said Justices shall seem meet, under the Limitations and Refiridlions mentioned in an Act, passed in the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief* of the Poor; but that, since the patting the said Act of the 7th and 8th of King William the 3d* Doubts and Questions have arilen touching the Power of the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of Bristol, to receive the Complaints of the Poor, and to order Reiief in the Cafes aforesaid; by reason whereof, the Poor of the said City have been, in great measure, deprived of the Benefit of such Application and Redress from their pro;:cr Magistrates: That by an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizab;thy intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, It is, in order the better to prevent and discover the Misapplication of Monies'raisect

H

1

£.eavf t of Ab« irnc«.,

Cc rn exported fotpScot* Li d.

Y *rn Wool

ft ixcrd i n Jutland.

18 Geo. II.

5 fflartiL

789.

For the Relief of the Pooiyamongst other things, enabled, " That Churchwardons^nd Overseers oTthe Poor shall, under certain Penalties therein mentioned, yearly, within Fourteen Days after other Overseers shall be appointed, deliver to such succeeding Overseers an Account in Writing, entered in Books for that Purpose, of all Sums by them received, qr rated and not received, and allb of all Goods, Stock, and Materials, that shall be in their Hands, or in the Hands of any of the Poor, in order to be wrought, and of all Monies paid by them, and of all other Matters concerning their said Office; and that the said Accounts, being verified by the Oath of the Persons so accounting, shall be kept in some public Place, for the In-speclion of every Person therein assessed; and that Copies thereof shall be given to Persons so afMed, requeuing and paying for the same, as by the said Act is directed j and also, that if any Person shall have any materia! Objection to the said Accounts, it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, where the Matter shall be heard and finally determined That great Part of the Money rai fed yearly in the City of Bristol for the Relief of the Poor, is, from time to time, received and disposed of, and ought, as it is conceived, to be accounted for by the Treasurer of the said Corporation for the Poor, and by other Officers and Persons by the same Corporation for that Purpose appointed; but who infill, that they are not subject to the Regulations of the said Act, by reason that only Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and their Accounts, are mentioned therein; whereby Persons afieffed to the Poors Rates in the City of Bristol are likely to be deprived, in great measure, of the Benefit of the said Act, and great Part of the Monies rai fed in the said City, for the Purposes aforesaid, cQn-tinues (till as liable to be misapplied as it was before the Making of the said Act: And therefore praying the House, That in the said Bill, now depending, a Clause or Clauses may be inserted, to remove all Doubts and Questions touching the Power of the said Mayor and Aldermen, as Justices of the Peace, in ordering Relief for the Poor in the Cafes aforesaid; and also for making the Accounts of the Treasurer, and other Officers of the said Corporation for the Poor, intruded with the Receipt, Dif-jjofal, or Management, of any Money raised for the Purposes aforesaid, to be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the 17th of his present Majesty’s Reign; and that the Petitioners may be heard thereon, by their Counsel, before the said Bill pafTesinto a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, fee heard, by their Counfrl, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Indrudlion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Corn (distinguishing the Species thereof) exported from Scotland\ from Michaelmas 1743, to Mi-chaelmas 1744; together with the Bounty paid thereupon; and also an Account of the Places from and to which the said Corn was exported: And also,

Account of unmanufactured Yarn and Wool seized by Officers of the Customs in Scotland, for Seven Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon thcTable, to be pt rufed by the Members of the House.

VOL.24-

The said Accounts are Bopnd up with the other Papers of this Session. v

Ordered, That the Commissioners artd Trustees* dp- Linens pointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, for improving’ damped ia Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain Scotland* called Scotland, do*lay before this House, an Account of the Linens starttped in Scotland for Salt, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1744.

A Petition of the Factors and Dealers of London in Woollen Spanish Cloths, Cloth-serges, Druggets, Flannels, Shal- Manufk&ure, loons, and other Woollen Goods, was prefenced to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Exportation of Spanish Cloths, Cloth-serges, Druggets, Flannels, Shalloons, and other Woollen Goods, is greatly lessened of late Years, and many considerable Manufactures thereof are ruined, on account of the large Quantities of such-like Goods, which the French now manufacture, and.ori account of a Bounty allowed by France on Exportation^ which enables them to supply foreign Countries; which Countries were formerly largely supplied from the Manufactures of Great Britain; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that the Manufactures of Spanish Cloth in England will greatly decay, and that the Manufac-? tures of Cloth-serges, Druggets, Flannels, and other low-priced Woollen Goods, ill be inevitably ruined, unless the French are prevented from procuring the raw Wools of England and Ireland; and representing to the House,

That the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Law was made to prohibit the Importation of Spanish Wools into Ireland, and to give the People of Ireland a Liberty of exporting to foreign Countries, by way of England, under a Duty at Importation, to be drawn back on Re-exportation, such Camblets as they shall manufacture in Ireland, it would oblige them to work up so much of their own Wools, for their own Wear, and for Exportation, in Camblets, as would, together with what we shall yearly take from them in Wools, Worded, and Woollen Yarn, effectually prevent the French from procuring their Wools, and employ the Poor of Ireland more fully than they now are, or can be, by manufacturing Spanish Wool; which, the Petitioners apprehend, has been a great Cause of their having such Quantities of unmanufactured Wools yearly to fell, or to send to our Rivals the French: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Confederation, and grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall stem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act pcnton,f for naturalizing Dorothy Pent on, Wife of Henry Penton Nat* Esquire; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Arjcott, Mr. Hume, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fane,

Lord Limerick, Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Pennington,

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hawk. Browne, Mr. Gulston, Mr.

Missing, Mr. Newnbam, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Gough, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Stert, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Tuffnell, Lord Fortro/e, Sir James Grant, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Campbell, Dr. Butler,

Lord Paimerst on, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Archer; and ali the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Southampton: And they are to meec this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker*3 Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the Birmingham County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading t_hjrou£h by the End of Stone Btidge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

9 P Resolved,

79°

Martiu i y

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to Sir Charles lAordaunt, Lord Guerfijey, Sir Walt. Wag. Bagott, Sir Lifter Holt, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Grove, Mr. Thomas Archery Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Compton, Mr - Digby, Mr. Ve, non, Mr. Wilbrahant, Mr . Le-ivefon Gower, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Cope, Mr. Carew, Mr. Popham, Mr. Powney, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Strode, Mr. St. John, Mr. Harley, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Pollen, Sir Nathanael Curzoh, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Onslow, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir Lowther, Mr. Cor new all. Mr. Hill, Lord Carteret, Lord Deerhurst, Dr. Butler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir John Cust, Sir Phi. Musgrave, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Mr. Edwin ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henry Archer reported From the Committee, who werfc appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House* which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the Resolutions of the Commictee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the tfien next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then nexc Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day o{June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the First Day of June 17 33, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; i$> near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1738, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, upon the Question put thereupon, were postponed.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fbant to the Resolution of the said Committee, now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Henry Archer, the Lord Perceval, Admiral Mathews, and Sir John Norris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Card Duty, House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Cards, from the 25th Day of March 1734, to the 25th Day of March 1744; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Regulating Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living within the City of Westminster} and the Liberties thereof, London/* in behalf of themselves, and, many others, complaining of the bad Pavements within the said City and Liberties, which was presented to the House upon the 1 9th Day or February last, and then read, and ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 19th Section of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of King WiU liam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey; and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 16th Section of an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron: And that Mr. Edwin, Sir Hugh Smithjon, and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England Africa* do lay before this House, the several Letters and Certifi- Traiifl* cates of Owners and Masters of Ships and other Papers, or Copies of the said Letters, Certificates, and other Papers, which have been received by the said Company, or have been transmitted to them from their Agents on the Coastof Africa, relating to Services done, and Protection given, to the British Traders on the Coast of Africa, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1743.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, their Charter, or k Copy thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Woollen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufaduit to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and Ireland, be now read.

Ana the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolvq itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do then attend the said Committee.

Mr. Oglethorpe, according to Order, reported from the Recruiting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the the Army, speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot terving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, and the Regiments of Marines, was committed.

1

18 Geo. II.

5* — 6°Martii-

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the Report was read:

The Lord Vxre Beauclerk also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of all the Witnesses applied for* to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral* by Admiral Mathews and Vice Admiral Lestock, or either of them j distinguish-

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the ing such of them as are now at home and abroad.

Laid Bill, being severally read a Second time, several of them were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to; and the rest were* upon the Question (eve-rally put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for in-. demnifying Constables, Officers, and others, who, through Ignorance or Inadvertency, may have been guilty of Mif-, takes or Irregularities in executing an Act passed in the last Session.

And the same was twice read with Blanks 5 which were filled up; and the Clause was amended:

Then the said Cluufe was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Parc of the Bill*

Ordered, That the further Consideration -of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Justices of . Resolved, Thacthis House will, To morrow, at Twelve P?ace Quali- of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fi^ationk House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

And he also presented to the House a List thereof*

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Book are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed, that Mr.. Sparke, Ac- African counrant General to the African Company, attended at Trade* the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order;

1. Copy of a Letter from Meffieprs Anthony Rogers and Bartholomew Stibbs, Chief Agents to the Royal African Company, dated Gambia, Ju/y 4, 1730, so far as relates to the Ship Queen Carolina, Captain Webb, bound to Angola, but cast away off Senegal.

2. An original Certificate, dated September 28, 1730, and signed by N. Webby Captain Robert Hayfham, Chief*

Mate, Philip Doflon Second Mate, Peter Pyne Third

Mate, John Lothean Surgeon, of the Queen Carolina, belonging to Sir Joseph Kyles, and other EngliJJj Merchants.

3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Braithwaite, Chief

Discoveries in Hudson’s Bay.

Laws- against Gaming.

Agent at Cape Coast Castle to the Royal African Company Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- of England, dated March 1, 1730, so far as reiares to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Services done, and Protection given, to British Traders. House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, 4* An original Letter fron1 Tobias /fV/Llquire, to the to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Royal African Company, dated July 9th 1731.

London, relating to the finding of a Passage between the , 5* An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, Fe-

Norch West of Hudson's Bay and the Western and South- bruary 15, 1732, and signed by James Gour/ey, Masterof

the Sloop Jocelyn.

6. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, March 17, 1732, and signed by William Penkett, Master of the Hardman Gaily of Liverpool

7. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, March jo, 1733, signed by John Rogers, Master of the Suffolk Gaily.

8. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, April 6, *733, and signed by Robert Bolhwell, Surgeon of the Henry Gaily of Bristol

9. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, May 31, 17331 and signed at the same time,

.1. By George Burchall, Commander of the Gallant Schemer of London;

ern Ocean c(America, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself inco a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii j

Anno 18°

Georgii II"

Regis, 1744.

Action n:ar Toulon.

Prayers.

THR Lord Vere Beauclerk, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copies of all Letters, so far as they relate to the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, written to, or received from. Admiral Mathews and Vice Admiral Lestock, or any other Officer on board the British Fleet in the Mediterranean, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain', together with a Schedule of the said Copies: And also,

Copies of so much of the Ships Journals received by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain from any of the Officers of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean, as relates to the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain: And also, Copy of the Line of Battle in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of Frar.ee and Spain.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk also presented to the House, pursuant to thrir Order, One of the printed Books of the General Sailing and Fightinglnstructions cohis Majesty’s FI ct.

VOL- 24

2.

3-

4-

5-

Bv Abraham Saunders of the Brice Gaily of Bristol: By Phil. Prother0 of the Ann of Bristol:

By James Collingwood of the Squirrel of Montserrat: r By Robert Brown bill of the Hope of Liverpool:

6. By Thomas Dickenson of the Lark Sloop of B oft on:

7. By Hugh Crawford of the Scott Golly of Glasgow, June 1733:

8. By W. Burrish off the Sea Nymph of London, June

*73 O

9. By Richard Rooth of the Ruby Sneau of Bristol, Au>

g"ft 1733’

By R. Fothergill of the Dove Galley of London, 0 Bober 1733:

By Robert Law of the Rose of Liverpool, November 8, 1733:

By Thomas Crosse of the Betty Galley of London, November 24, 1733:

By James Winfield of the Mary and Ann of Livsr-poole, December 2, 1733.

Aq original Certificate, dated Geregia, near James Fort, Gambia, April 10, 1733* and signed by John Douleman, Mate of the Ship Margaret, Ri- chard Whifiler Commander.

11. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, April 30, 1733* and signed by John Payne Commander, and Nicholas Lynch Surgeon, of the Ship Alice and Elizabeth of Bristol

12. Ao

10.

IX.

12.

*3-

10.

African

Trade*

6* Mar

x744‘

12. An original Certificate, dated Gambia, April io, 1734* signed by George CanpbellMzfter, and JosephRen-ion Surgeon and Supercargo, of the Finch Sneau.

13. An original Letter from George Campbell, Master of the F/wA to Messieurs Hulfund Hamilton, Chief Merchants for the Royal African Company of England in the River Gambia, dated on board the Finch, April 16, *734-

14. An original Certificate, dated Gambia, September jo, 1734, and signed by Thomas Nash, Master of the Barra Briganti ne.

15. An original Certificate, dated Gambia, September 30, 1734* and signed by Robert Ball, JMaster of the Bumper (loop.

16. An original Certificate, dated at James Fort, October 30, 1736, and signed by Benjamin John JonMerchant, and Half-owner of the Sloop True Friends, and Cargp, and by William Clark, Master of the said Sloop.

17. An original Certificate, dated Cape Coast Castle, February 15, 1736, and signed by Samuel Surfum Master, for James Collingwood Captain, of the Little George of Rhode Island.

18. An original Certificate, dated Annamaboe Road, February 26, 1736, and signed by Jabez Biglowe Master, Henry Hannoy Chief Mate, and Joseph Scammell Chief Surgeon, of the John and Mary of Bristol.

19. An original Certificate, dated April 27, 1737, and signed by Thomas Child, Master of the Sloop Non such of Rhode Island, 1

20. An original Memorial, or Petition, to Messieurs Tinker and Cope, Chief Agents for the Royal African Company of England at Cape Coast Castle, dated Annama-boe Road, May 13, 1737, and signed by James Donovan Master of the Black Prince of London, John Maddox Master of the Charming Sally of Bristol, William Swymmer of the Old Bury of Bristol, Charles Willing of the Charming Jany of Bristol, William Farr of the Townfide Sloop of Barbadoes, Francis Pope of the Martha and Jane of Rhode Island, Chelton Clark Supercargo of the Francis of St. Kill's, Thomas Tacle Taylor Master of the Mary gold of Rhode Island, dharles Ml Cleft or of the Martha Sloop of London, and by William Litbgow of the Nancy Sneau of London.

01. Copies of Two Acts of Council, dated Cape Coast Castle, May 14th and 17th, 1737, relating to the Memorial last before-mentioned.

02. An original Letter to the Chief Agents at Cape Coast Castle, dated Annamaboe, May 19, 1737, and signed by Charles M* Cleft or, William Litbgow, Mor. Coveny, George Birch all, William Farr, Chelton Clark, James Donovan, John Maddox, William Swymmer, Charley Willing, Thomas Tacle Taylor, and Francis Pope;

23. An original Letter to Messieurs Tinker and Cope, Chief Agents at Cape Coast Castle, dated Ship Argyle, September 8, 1737, and signed by George Hamilton, Robert More, Charles MlCleftor, and John Smith, on behalf of themselves, and the several Commanders in the Road.

24. An original Letter to the feme, dated Ship Argyle, September 9, 1737, signed George Hamilton, Robert More.

25. An original Letter to the feme, dated the feme Day, and signed by George Hamilton, Charles M* Cleft or, William Kennedy, Robert More, and John Smith.

26. An original Letter to th.e feme, dated September Jo, 1737, signed George Hamilton, Robert More.

27. Copy of a Letter from Mr. John Cope, Chief Agent to the Court of Assistants of the Royal African Company of England, dated Cape Coast Castle, November 1, 1737, so far as relates to Services done to British Traders, and to the Four Letters last before-mentioned.

*8. An original Letter from James Murrell to the Council at Cape Coast Castle, dated on board the Derby, May 3, 1738.

29. An original Certificate, dated Annamaboe Road, September 20, 1738, and signed by Jamet Seaborn of ’ (fUtrnfey.

30. An original Certificate, dated Gambia River, June 29, 1739, signed by Alexander Golding, Master ofa Slave Ship or Vessel.

31. An original Letter from Richard Gild art Esquire,

to the Court of Assistants of the Royal African Company, dated Westminster, May 20, 1739, concerning the Greyhound Sloop, Gawther Master.

32. Copy of a Letter from the said Court of Assistants to Messieurs Orfeur, Hamilton, and Turner, their Chief Agents at James Fort, so far as relates to the Sloop Greyhound, Anthony Gawther Master, belonging to Messieurs Johnson, Gildart, and Company, Merchants of Liverpool, dated March iS, 1739.

33* Copy of an Account of the Progress of Spanish Privateers on the Gold Coast of Afica, and of the Tranf-actions of the Royal African Company’s Servants, with regard to the fame, in March 1742*3, so far as relates to Servicesdone, and Protection given, to the British Traders on the 'Coast of Africa, by Thomas Chaimer and William Husbands, Chief Agents.

34. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Huflcnds and Chalmer, Chief Agents, to the Court of Assistancs of the Royal African Company of England, dated Cape Coast Castle, April the 9th 1743, so far as relates to Services done, and Protection given, to the British Traders on the Coast of Africa: Together with a List of the said Papers.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Charter of the Royal African Company of England,

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift, and the Title of the said Copy, werq read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, and also the Copy of the said Charter, do lie upon the fable, to be perused by the Members of the House'

The said Papers, and Copy of the said Charter, ar$ bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

Ordered, That the Copy of the several annual Reports Fifoeri<s,&f, ofche Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheries Scotland! and Manufactures in Scotland, to his Majesty, presented to the House on the 20th of January 1743, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Peticion of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, is referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Irish Irish Linen Linen imported into that Part of Great Britain called Eng- imposed. land, from Christmas 1724, to Christmas 1736> distm-guishing.each Specie, and each Year; which was presented to the House upon the 15 th Day of March 17371 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens Foreign Li imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christ- lmPon'

mas 1734, to Christmas 1740, inclusive; dist each Yeari which was presented to the House upon the jd Day of May 17421 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay German I before this House, an Account of all narrow Germany n*ns l;nP31 and Ofenburgh Linens that have been imported into that c Part of Great Britain called England, from foreign Parcs, between Christmas 1737, and Christmas 1744> inclusive; distinguishing each Year, arid from what Ports the same were imported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay import, before this House, an Account of the total Amounts of betweenE the Value of all Exports and Imports to and from Eng- ^vanit land and Germany, for Two Years, ending at Christmas 1744; distinguishing each Year, and the Ports to and from which the feme were made.

Mr. Strode reported from the Committee, to whom the Westmin Petition of Thomas Greenaway, of Reading, in the County 12 of

18 Geo. II.

6" Mam,

m

of Berks, Bargemaster, John Plumjled, and AVtlTutm Middleton, of Reading aforesaid, Maltsters, and Thomas Bishop of London, Citizen and Salcer, in behalf of chein-selves, and divers other Persons, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Harding and John Perry, being severally examined, laid, Th^t the Barge, memioned in the Petition, belonged to the Petitioner Thomas Greenaway \ and that the fame, in endeavouring to pals through One of the Arches of the new Bridge at Westminster, (truck upon a Pile, which being under Water, and having no Mark or Guard Pile, could not be leen or avoided by the Persons navigating the said Barge: That they, the Witnesses, were on board the Barge at the time this Accident happened; and that the same Course was then held, which had been tftually kept for Two Years before.

Mr. Samuel Hawtyns and Mr. James King, being exa-ttnined as to the Damage occasioned by this Accident, said, in general. That the Lois sustained by the Petitioners was very contiderable; the Lading of the said Barge confiding chiefly of Malt and Flour; but no Evidence was produced to ascertain the Amount of that Loss.

Mr. Charles Labelye, being called, acquainted the Committee, that the said Pile was driven about the Dusk of the Evening, a few Hours before the Accident happened.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred;to the Coii-fiderarion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, is com nutted.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Commissioners for building :he said Bridge to give the said Petitioners such Relief, as to the said Commissioners shall appear reasonable.

Aaion near Mr Comptroller presented to the Eloufe, pursuant to Toulon. their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcajlk to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in the Mediterranean, March 3, 174!.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcajlk to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in the Mediterranean, March 16, 174^; inclosing,

Extract of a.Let ter from Mr. Patterson to Mr. Fillettes, Nice, March 7, N. S. 1744.

Extract of Monsieur<& Court's Relation of what pasted from the Sailing of the combined Squadrons, on the 19th of February, to the Time of his Arrival at Alicant, the 2 8 ch of February 1744, , N. S. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke inf Newcastle, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in jthe Mediterranean, Namure, off Minorca, February 17 th and 23d, 174?; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Afatbetvs to Vice Admiral Lejlock, Russell at Sea, February 12th, 174L

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcajlk to Admiral Mathews, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in the Mediserranean, March 24th, 174!.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in the Mediterranean, Namur, Mahon Harbour, March 13th and 17th, 174!'; inclosing,

Cspy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Admiral LjJlock, February 12, 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Admiral Leflock, February 20, 174!:

Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Lejlock to Admiral Mathews, February 21, 174*;

VOL. 24.

Copy of Admiral MathetbPs Queries, and Vice Admiral Lejlock's Answers:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Admiral Lejlbck, March 4, 174*:

Copy of Admiral Mathews's Reply to Vice Admiral Lejlock, March 4, 174^:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Admiral Lejlock, March 15, 1741:

Copy of a Letter from Vire Admiral Lejlock to Admiral Mathews, March 16, 1744:

Copy of Vice Admiral Lejlock's Rejoinder to Admiral Mathews's Reply:

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Admiral Lejlock, March 16, 174!.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcajlk, so far as it relates to the Action last Year in the Mediterranean, Namur at Sea, April 10, 1744.

Copy of a Letter from Vice-Admiral Lejlock to the Duke of Newcastle, Mahon Harbour, March 16, 174!; inclosing,

Copy of Admiral Mathews's Queries, and Vice Ad-- miral Lejlock's Answers:

Copy of Admiral Mathews's Replies:

Copy of Vice Admiral Lejlock's Rejoinder to Admiral Mathews's Replies:

Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Fleet, during its keeping Sight of the Enemy:

Line of Battle:

Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Lejlock to Admiral Mathews, March 15, 174!.

Copy of 3 Letter from Vice Admiral Lejlock to the Duke of Newcajlk, Mahon Harbour, March 20, 174}; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to Vice Ad- miral Lejlock, and his Answer, March, 16,174J.

Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Lejlock to th’e Duke of Newcastle, on board the Salisbury, near Spithead,

May 24, 1744.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcajlk to Vice Admiral Lejlock, May 29, 1744.

Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Lejlock to the Duke of Newcajlk, on board the Salisbury, at the Mother Bank, June 1, 1744.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Carew, according to Order* reported from the County Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Ele^ion*« explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to.report to thfe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to, and the rest, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty several Supply Bill; additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities n s* and a Lotrery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wines imported into Great Britain and for 9 raising

794 6° marhu A. 1744.

railing a certain Sum of Money by’ Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Justices of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Peace Quali- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend ficarion. and rcn(]or more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prow/e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prow/e reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Woollen The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Maiiufacture. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do then attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Law* against Resolveedy That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Gaming. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Ordered, That Mr. Comewall haye Leave to make a Motion; it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

A ttion near Ordered\ That Captain Jown Towry, Commander of

Toulon. his Majesty’s Ship the Buckingbamy do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That Edward Cricketty First: Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Montagu, Second Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Edward Mount ford, Third Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Prescot, Fourth Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Joseph Townsend, Matter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Charles Davi/cn, Boatswain of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That David Taylor, Gunner of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Mace, Carpenter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Daniel Row, Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Otdered, That Thomas Adgman, Matter’s Mate of the' said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Pratt, Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Jacob Fowle, Midfhiprrum of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Glover, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Aitken, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Dattid Lyell, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Pope, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That James Lavers, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Davis, Mrdfhipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Raymond, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Commitree at the same time.

Ordered, That Andrew Anderfcn, Midshipman; of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Sharpe, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That James Per.ne, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Commitree at the same time, '

Ordered, That John Hammond, late Surgeon of his Ma-jetty's Ship the Revenge, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Buchanan, late Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That George Fox, late Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Hullock, late Clerk of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Walker, late Surgeon’s First: Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Ha'ry Powfett, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Oxford, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Charles Baker, First Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Fortescue, Second Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That JaJtah Fownes, Matter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Benjamin Darling, Purler of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Andrew Ker, Surgeon of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Samuel Burthall, Boatswain of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Serace Burry, Gunner of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Wallace, Carpenter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Samuel Wcodgreen, Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Kirkup, Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Stapy Midshipman of the Aid Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Benjamin Rent, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Comnmttee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Wrighthead, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Boyd, Midshipman of the said Ship, dp attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Evans, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Hollis, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Joseph Wood, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the Cud Committee at the same time.

Ordered,

Com, fee. 'exported.

t8 Geo. II.

6" — 7" Martii.

795

Ordered, That Christopher Pollard, Midshipman of the Places from and to whidh the said Corn Was exported: said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time. Ancialfo,

Ordered, That Thomas Alwright, Midshiprhan of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Robert Steward. Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Place, Surgeon’s First Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Edmund Bavage, Surgeon’s Second Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Henry Godfalve, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Romney, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Roger Jones, First: Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Graves, Second Lieutenant of the said Ship, do artend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Michael Kearney, Third Lieutenant of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Coultas, Matter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Sne'ding, Boatswain of the said Ship, do artend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Edward Pittis, Gunner of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Robert Kennett, Carpenter of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Woodward, Matter’s Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Philips, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Abraham Rose, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Rignall, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Milk gen, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Isaac Rawlins, Midftvpman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Jonathan Ivey, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That John Thomas, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee ac the same time.

Ordered That Robert John Jcn, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, "1 hat Robert Gideon, Midshipman of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Edward Clark do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Richard Henry Dubois do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant John Legge do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, Thac Alexander Philipps, Purser of his Majesty’s Ship the Ludlow Castle, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Mark Tiddeman do attend the said Committee at the same time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

OVJS,

7° die M;

I Anno i8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1744. Prayers.

rpHE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, ' J- from die Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Corn (distinguishing the Species thereof) exported from England, from Michaelmas 1743, to Michaelmas 1744; together with the Bounty payable thereupon; and also an Account of the VOL. 24.

An Account of the Wool and Woollen Yam imported Woof, from Ireland into England, from Christmas 1740, to Chrtjb imported mas 1743; distinguishing each Year. from Ireland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts do \\t upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Second of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to Beauchamps whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, the Surname of Proctor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proctor Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Peachey’s, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fixate, for exchanging divers Lands and Hereditaments in Hamp~

shire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Sujex, belonging to Thomas Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the fame, respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for Beauchamp’* confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, Name, the Surname of Proflor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proflor Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Preservatioa thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Towns of of P^lic Heyisbury and Warminster, was presented to the House, Roa s% and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws now stand, are under great Hardships, upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A [ Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the Hou/e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Wcrtminaef shewing how the Money granted last Sdllon of Parlia- Abbey.

ment

Churcher’s donation to Peters field College.

Leave of Abler.ce.

Affion near Toulon.

Morin*

Nat.

fcrei n Linens re-exported.

Merchant* Claims on pain.

-796 *f Marliu 1744.

ment towards the repairing, and finiltiing of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Wejhtiinfier, hath been disposed of.

Mr. Fane reported froni the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be prue; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Barlow have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Captain Timothy Nucella do, upon TueJ-day Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom ir is referred ro inquire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action lad Ye ar near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, again (I the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Naxton, of his Majesty’s Ship the Somerfe!, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Robert Sedgefield, Mate of the said Ship, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

1

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Mr, Come wall, Mr. Hen. Archer, Sir James. Grant, Mr. Torke, Mr. Carew, Colonel Bladen, Lord Gage, Mr. Bury, Mr. Vyner, Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Mr. Hales, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hay, Mr. Which cote, Admiral Townsend, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Montague, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fe!-lowcs, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Page, Mr. Ellis, Lord Carteret, Mr. Cotton, Lord Perceval, Lord Limerick, Lord Strange, Mr. Kent, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. Wynne, Dr. Cotes, Mr. I Falter, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Cary, Mr. Wilkin-Jon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes, that have been re-exported, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1744; together with' an Account of the Drawbacks paid thereon; distinguishing each Species and Year, and to what Country^ re-exported; be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ac*-count of the Quantities of foreign Linens re-exported to the Plantations, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1743, with the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon; dif-tirtguishing each Species and each Year.

A P etition of the there under-written Merchants, trading to Sicily, in behalf of themselves, and others, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, the last Session of Parliament, petitioned thrs House, setting forth the Loffirfc they had sustained at Messina, in the Year 1718, by th£

Spanish Government seizing and imprisoning the Persons of the Eng/ish Merchants residing the re, cdgecher with their Goods, Monies, Debts, and other EffeCls; an Estimate of which was laid before the Committee, appointed by the House to examine the Allegations, and report the fame; which was done accordingly; but that a Prorogation ensued, before they came to any Resolution thereupon: And therefore praying, the Petitioners may have the same Relief as shall be granted to the Spanish, Portugal, and Italian, Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee, ro whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that the said Committee do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fadl contained in this Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and enlarging the Speenhanf-Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the land Road. Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Speenbamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Pop/iam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the Recruiting adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- the Artoy. mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That if the Commissioners thereby appointed shall not be attended by some proper Officer, appointed for receiving Recruits, the Officer receiving the Recruits at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, shall pay for the Subsistence of every Recruit, then infilled, out of the Monies belonging to the Regiment.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Colonel Bladen accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause; and which they had di reCled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amend-6 men»

African

Trade.

Peachey’s,

Efbte.

Land and Route Tax Arrears.

18 Geo. II.

8° Mart ii.

797

menrs, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And the said Clause was added by the House to the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Charter of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, presented Yesterday to the House, relating to the said Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Auditor Benson's State of the Account of the Application and Expenditure of the Sum of £. io, oooo, imprested to the Royal African Company of England at the Exchequer, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year ended 3ill December 1736, according to the Accounts and Papers, produced by them, presented jo the House upon the 24th Day of February 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Petition of the Royal African Company" to her Majesty, with a Copy of the Reprcf ntation of the Commissioners of Trade to her Majesty thereupon, dated February the 3d, 1707.8, presented to the House upon the 12th Day of March 1707, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sii Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to ii> ve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Fenerts, 8° die Martii;

Anno 180 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging divers Lands and Hereditaments in Hampshire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Sussex, belonging to Thomas Knight El quire; and f>r letcling the several Estates, so taken in Exchange, to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the fame, respectively; was read the Third time.

That the Bill do pals.:; /.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

t

The House being informed, That feme of the Commidi oners for Taxes, attended at the Door; '

They were called in; and, at the4 Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, . *

A n Account of what Arrears of I^and Tares were ftaucL ing out at Christmo.s last, with the Names of the respective Vol. 24.

Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas last,. with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Pa- pers oLthis Session.

A Bill for continuing, amending, and making more Birmingham effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign Road*. of his late Majesty King George. the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Na- - 4

tlianael Curzon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Richard Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pratt, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Popham, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. White, Mr. Laroche, Sir Hen. Caltkrope9 Sir Johy.Barrington, Colonel Beake, Mr. Bennett, Mr.

Careiv, Mr. Brand, Sir Roger Burgoyne. Dr. Cotes, Sir John Crojfe, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hay, Lord Perceval, Mr, Garth, Mr. Compton, Mr- Affleck, Mr. Williams, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. OJbal-defton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Aijlabie, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Douglas, Lord Carteret $ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, Oxford, and Bucks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Pa- Ditto, fifties, Villages, and Places; of Alvefton and Tiddington,

Loxley, Char I cote, Hampton Lucy, Wellefborne Mountford, Wellejborne Hoflings, Walton, Newbold, Pacy, Ashom,

Mpreton, Cojnpton, Verney, Combrooke, Chesterton,' Lights home, 'Kingston, and Kington, in the County of Warwick; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is made to the House for the granting a further Term of Years for re^ pairing the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the said County of Warwick: That the Gate erected at the End of Bridgtown, upon the Road leading from the said Town of Stratford upon Avon to the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, is greatly injurious to the Petitioners, and all others travelling the said Road, as no Part of the said Roads are repaired with the Money collected by virtue of the said Turnpike: And therefore praying, That, in case the Grant of a further Term of Years for repairing the said Roads should pass into a Law, and the said Gate be continued at Bridgtown aforesaid, the House will please to take the Hardships of the Petitioners same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief against the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration oft he Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are preservation thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of Win- of public chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting Roads, forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand,

9 R are

flteparate Incorporation of Surgeons,

Privilege.

Preservation of public Roads.

8 ° Martii. A. 1744.

are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, to amend and render more effectual tfee Laws in being, for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a La\v> the same will be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be.pteased to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dr. Cotes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers oi London Two separate and distinct Corporations: And the same was received; and read the First tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a printed News Paper, intituled. The York Courant, printed for CafarWard* Bookseller in Coney-ft reet, and dated Tuesday> Feb: lb, 1744-5, containing an Account of some Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House;

The said printed News Paper was thought up to the Table, and several Paragraphs, containing the said Account, were read.

And the House being moved; That the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1728, in relation to the Resolutions of the House against giving;, in written or printed News Papers, any Account or Minutes of the Debates or other Proceedings of this. House, or of any Committee thereof, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. ’

Ordered, That the said Cafar Ward do attend this House upon this Day Month.

A Petition of the several Merchants and Tradesmen of and within the City of York^ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; fe.tting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years paftj experienced the great Advantage, in their way of Trade, of Stage Waggons from that City to London, and so back again, which go and return every Week; whereby the several heavy and cumbersome Commodities the Peti- tioners deal in, are, with great Security and Certainty, brought and carried to and from Fork to London without any Loss, Damage, or Delay; Which Advantage to the Petitioners, as well as to the Trade in general in this Part of the Kingdom, would be greatly disttfrbed and incommoded, in case any Restraint, beyond what the Laws now in being have provided, should be iaid upon the*' Waggons, as to the Number of Worses necessarily employed in the conveying of those heavy Goods, which the Necessity of the Petitioners several Trades requires, and more especially at this time, when the Difficulties and Dangers of bringing those Goods by Sea are so very great, that, without a Convoy, the Petitioners cannot hazard so considerable a Property; and which they, in Order to have the Security of, have of late been frequently obliged to wait several Months for, although their Merchandize and' Goods have been as long lbipped, and thereby daily perishtng; and that as the Waggons for the Conveyance of such Goods are obliged to be made, to answer such Purposes, very substantial and strong, the very Draft whereof, when empty, is sufficient for, and is as much as, Two Horses can well draw; therefore, if the Number of Horles was to be confined to less than Three or Four, more than sufficient to draw the said Waggons when empty, the small Quantity of Goods, to be brought by such Waggons, could not possibly defray the Expence of the Waggoner; who therefore mud necessarily be obliged L5

to lay down his Waggon; whereby the Petitioners, and the Consumers of those Goods they severally deal in, will, by the Increase of the Price of such their Commodities, through the Scarcity and Hazard of removing them, as in Times of Peace, be greatly injured, and Trade in general greatly suffer thereby: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, as njot so far to restrain the Waggoners in their Carriage of Goods, as may either totally oblige them to desist from further carrying the fame, or else, by increasing the Rate of Carriage, load those Goods with Charges insupportable either by the Merchant or the Consumer.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend the Laws Kuching touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve Coun-y in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Eng- Elections. land, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be rpade to the Bill; viz.

Prefs4. L. 6. After " said," to insert " Twenty-fourth u Day of June

Press 6. L. 21. To leave out " said."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Eieftions of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees; and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; without any Amendment:

And also,

j The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Marrin» for uniting the Vicarage of Fincham Saint Martins to the Rectory of Fincham Saint Michaels, in the County of Nor- cha^s Paro_ folk; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the chial Union, fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road' leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Shord and the Devizes, and the Top of Ash-linpon Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel Mcdrezat, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hedon, kc. Road.

Shepherds

Shord

Road.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Cramer’s, &c. Nat.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Chol-to enable George Earl Cholmondeley and Pat tee Viscount npmdeley’s Torrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer arid Receiver General, and Paymaster catlon’ General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify >themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

18 Geo. II. 8° Martii.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Corbett, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gildart, Mr, Henry Finch, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Townfkend, Colonel Mor daunt, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Cor#-iwallis, Mr. Gzry, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Keene, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Owen, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Zfor/*, Mr. Wynne, Sir Bruce, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord Perceval, Mr. !townshend, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Carewy Mr. Laroche, Mr. JWo/r, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Robert Williams, Dr. Butler, Mr. Sydenham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Merchant! A Petit ion of the several Merchants, whole Names are

°n thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, SpftU1' being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, Th^t the Petitioners have tuffered very considerable Losses in Trade, by Seizures and Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Years 1718, 1719, and 1720; the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by the Petitioners, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambry and Soijfons, and afterwards to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That, some time ago, a Commission issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners, therein named, are only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Losses in the Year 1721, and from th^it time; so that those, who suffered before that time, are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament: That a Petition has been lately presented to the House by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards; praying a Relief for their Losses out of the Sixty thousand Pounds granted by Parliament; which Petition has been referred to a Committee of the House; and that the Petitioners conceive they are equally intitled to Relief as any other their Fellow Sufferers: That, on the 16th of April 1743, the preceding Part of the Petitioners Petition was presented to the House; and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and recommended it to the Consideration of the House; which was then read, and was, by this House, referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and a Report was accordingly made from the said Committee to the House: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into their fur-therConsideration, and to grant, the Petitioners a Satisfaction out of the Sixty thgu&nd Poyndsgiven by Parliament, or in such other manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petftion be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to \yhom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose I lands are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are deferred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

York A Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and

Buildings - Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water Company. jn York Buildings, whose Names arc thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Company, on the 30th March 1720, contracted with the Commissioners of forfeited Estates for the Purchaseof the Estate of William late Lord Widdrin-. ion, in the County of Northumberland; which was raen-- liojied, in a printed Rental or Particular, to be of the an-Voi* 24.

nual Value of £ 1,808. 14. 2, at the Price of £57,100, York

being above the Rate of Thirty-one Years and Half Buildings Purchase, depending upon the Truth of the Rental or Company, Particular: That, by the Conditions of Sale and Contract, the Purchaser was to pay One Fifth-part of the Purchase-money the 24th of June, and the'remaining Four Fifths on the 29th of September then next, with Interest at Five Pounds per Centum, from the said 30th of March to the several Days of Payment; and the Purchaser was to be intitled to the Rents accruing from Martinmas then last aforegoing: That the Company paid the said Fifth Part of the Purchase Money, and Interest, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 27th of June 1720, and paid further, on Account thereof, by Instalments, several Sums, to the 18th of April 1722, amounting to £49,404, 12. n: That, notwithstanding the First Article in the printed Rental or Particular, by which the Company purchased the said Estate, is comprised in these Words; viz. c< A " large House and Gardens, in good Order and Re-fC pair, with convenient Out-houses, a large Park <c well (locked, with Demesnes thereto, valued at " about £ 500 per Annum 5" yet the Premises, comprised in that Article, were actually at that time let at no more than £. 250pet Annum, and subject to Allowance thereout to the Tenant, for Taxes and Repairs (which ,by the then Receiver’s Accounts, amounted to £82. 10.); and was also delivered in at the same Rent by the Commit (loners Report to this House in 1716; for which, and several other Overcharges and Allowances, the said Company craved an Abatement out of the remaining Part of the Purchase Money; and, on the iftof June.1727, drew up an Account, and dated the Balance, witlrthe several Cravings, and laid the same before the then Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury; by which the Balance remaining unpaid appeared to be £ 2,567. 12. i£; which Sum was paid into the Exchequer the 15th of the same June, as the real Balance then due to t|ie Public; but the said Lords Commissioners, on such Representation, declared, that however reasonable the Deductions might be, which were claimed by the Company, yet they had no Power over the fame; but referred it for the Determination of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer; for which Purpose, Suits were brought, in 1727, on behalf of the Crown, and on behalf of the Company, relating to what Allowances should be made in respect of such Overcharges, and for legal Conveyances to be made of such Estate: That, in January 1731, the Company, being considerably indebted on their Bonds for Money borrowed to pay for the Purchase of this and other forfeited Estates, did, as a further Security, convey the said Estate of the said late Lord Widdrinton to Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the said Bonds and Interest, amounting to a much greater Sum than the whole Value of the said Estate; and the said Company then depending, that the Balance due to the Public was, as aforesaid, fully discharged, covenanted that they were seised oft he said Estate as of a good Fee-Ample Estate, had good Right to convey; and that the same was free of all Incumbrances; and the Trustees were soon after put into Possession: That the Petitioners, claiming under the said Trust, preferred their Bill in Chancery for Sale of the said Estate, and a Satisfaction of their Debts; and, on the 24th of October 1740, the Lord High Chancellor was pleased to decree, That the Creditors were intitled to the Benefit of the said Trusts; and that an Account should be taken of their Debts; and that the said Estate should be sold for satis fying the lame, subject to the Demand of the Crown for what (if any thing) remained due of the Purchase Money; and that the Money arising by such Sale should (after setting apart £ 30,000, to answer the Demands of the Annuitants for Lives.charged on the Company’s Estates in Scotland) be applied'in satisfaction of what should appear to be really and bona Jide due to the Petitioners and other Creditors of the said Company: That the Petitioners, from 1731 (the Time of their being intitled under the said Tract), used all possible Diligence with the said Company, in order to obtain legal Conveyances of the said Estate;

but

York'

Buildings

Company.

Boo 8° — ii Mar A. 1744.

but that the said Company, well knowing the said Estate would not be sufficient to discharge the Debts owing to the Petitioners, and that no Benefit could arile to themselves therefrom, refused or neglected all Endeavours for that Purpose, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: That the House, mentioned in the First Article of the said printed Rental, is a large antient Building, which, at the Time of the Purchase, was, and (till is, in a very ruinous Condition, and in Danger of falling, and uninhabitable, save only a small Part for the Use of the Steward to the said Estate; and the Park and the Demcfnes, mentioned in the same Article, are let to sundry Tenants at the utmost improved Rent; and though £.1,254 has been laid out in Repairs, Improvements, and building Tenants Houses, yet the Premises, comprised in the said First Article of the printed Rental, and thereby estimated at £ 5°°) have never produced more than £.250 per Annum: That, besides the Overcharges above-mentioned, there appears several other Overcharges in the said Rental, amounting to the yearly Value of £.54. 5J.; and also some Part of the Rents due at Martinmas 1720, to which the Company was intitled, were received' by Nicholas Tooke, then Agent to the Commissioners of forfeited Estates, and never accounted for to the Company: That the Petitioners, in 174.2, made Application to the said Company to use their Names, in order to procure a Hearing of the Cause in the Exchequer; which they refusing, the Court of Chancery was applied to, and, after great Opposition made by the Company, an Order was made for that Purpose: That the Petitioner, pursuant thereto, and, in order to obtain legal Conveyances of this Estate, procured the said Causesto be set down for Hearing; which came on in the Court of Exchequer on the 6th of June 1743, when the Hardshipsof the Petitioners were represented, and the Court was pleased to declare, That, with regard to such Hardships, they could not grant the Petitioners Relief for such Overcharges in the Rental, being bound by the drift Words of the Act of Parliament made for the Sale of the said Estate; and though the Court thought it a very hard Cafe, yet that the Petitioners had no other Way of obtaining Relief, but by an Application to the Legislature; and therefore the Court decreed the Agreement so made for Purchase of the said Estate to be carried into Execution, and an Account to be taken of what Money remained due to the Crown thereupon; whereby unless some Relief be obtained for the Petitioners, not only the Purchase-money on such Overcharges, but also a considerable Sum for accumulated Interest thereon, will remain chargeable on the said Estate, and thereby greatly leften the Petitioners Security, already very deficient: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that they maybe intitled to Relief, from the Justice and Favour of the House, not only in Consideration of the great Hardftiips of their Cafe, but also as the said Estate was purchased in the Year 1720, at so great a Price as near Two-and-thirty Years Purchase, by which the Public have already received a much larger Sum than could have been had for the same in any other Year, even if its real Rental had been equal to the estimated One, by which it was purchased: And further setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, impowering Commissioners to fell the forfeited Estates, no less than Four of the said Commissioners can execute Conveyances of the said Estates, as directed by the said Act; and the Number of Commissioners being now reduced to Four, some Difficulties may arile in making a proper Title, in case One or more of the said Commissioners should happen to die before the same is completed: And therefore praying the House will be pleated to take into Consideration the great Hardships and Difficulties the Petitioners labour under; and that an Allowance and Abatement may be made them in respect of the Overcharges above-mentioned, and the accumulated Interest arising thereon; and that the Powers of the said surviving Commissioners may be enlarged for making a legal Conveyance ot- the said Estate; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir John Chapman, Mr. Hayward, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Waif on, Mr. Boone, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Selwyn, Dr. Butler, Admiral Mai hews y Mr Maul, Mr. Prowse, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. South-well, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Jamei Grant, Mr. Strode, Mr. Bance, Lord Dungar-von, Dr. Cotes, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Williams, Sir Philip Musgrave, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Carew, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Ramsden, Lord Barrington, Lord Gage, Mr. Chester, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Marlin, Lord Carpenter, Lord Deerhurfi, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Sir Roger New-digate. Sir James Johnston, Mr. Thomas Gore; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That, Admiral Mathezvs, a Member of this House, do, upon Tuesday next, give to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire into the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet last Year, near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, a particular Account of the late Engagement near Toulon, and of the Conduct and Behaviour of the Commanding Officers and Captains of the several Ships during the said Engagement, as far as the same came under his Observation, or hath come to his Knowledge by any Complaint made thereupon.

Mr. Prowse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the . Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was re-committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fufli-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, T\\a.t this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

y Lull a, 110 d Mart it',:

Anno 18* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1744.

J.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Owen Davies, from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, at* tended at the Door; . .;

He

Action near Toulon.

Justices of Peace Qua. Iificatioa.

Supply.

West mb Abbey,

u»

Action near TooIoik

Lmem imported.

Preventing stealing i.inen«, Sec.

18 Geo. II. i i® Martii.

He wassailed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Teeter, li eftminjer, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this SessioB.

Mr. Gajhry, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of all Ships Journals transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, lb far as they any-ways relate to the Action last Year, in the Mediterranean, between his Majesty’s Fleet *nd the combined Fleets of France and Spain:

Together with a Schedule of the said Copies.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth.

N° i. Barjteur, ]. itutenant Samuel Powe/l.

2. Buckingham, Captain John Towry.

3. Buckingham, Lieutenant Jldward Cricket.

4. Buckingham, Lieutenant Thomas Prescott.

5. Buckingham, L.ieutenant John Montagu.

6. Buckingham, Lieutenant Edward Mountford\

7. Buckingham, JoJ. Townsend M after.

8. Bedford, Lieutenant Thomas Hanbury.

9. Princcjs Carolina, Lieutenant Charles Green-

wood,

10. Namur, Lieutenant Matthew Buckle.

ii..Namur, Lieutenant Thomas Knockers, i 2. Cxford, Lieutenant Salkeld, John Proffer,

13. Oxfo d, Lieutenant Charles Bakers.

14. Oxford, l ieutenant William Fortescue,

15. Oxford, Joftas Fcwnts \# after.

16. Romney, Lieutenant hitch a el Kearney*

17. Romney, Lieutenant Thomas Graves*

18. Romney, Lieutenant Reger Jones*

*9- Romney, Ccultas Master.

20. Salisbury, Captain Peter OJbome, -n

a 1. Salisbury, Lieutenant James Burcber*

*22. Salisbury, Lieutenant P*?#/ Ourry,

23. Salisbury, Lieutenant James Cummings.

24. Salisbury, William Millechamp Master.

125. Somerset, Lieutenant Marriott Arbuthnotl

26. Somerset, Lieutenant Thomas Knackfton*

I7. Somerset, Lieutenant Richard Gwynn.

28. Somerset, Duncan Grant Master.

29. Sterling Castle, Lieutenant William Cuji*

30. Warwick, Lieutenant Hanover Herne*

31. Warwick, Lieutenant Samuel Spencer.

- - 32. Warwick, Lieutenant John Moodie.

33. Warwick, AVger Aj/7/j Master.

34. Winchelfeu, Captain William Marsh.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1742, to Christmas 1744, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectually preventing the Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching* or drying, the fame: And that Mr. Cartw,

Vol. 24.

Mr. Denzi/l Onslow, Mr.. Hay, and Sir William Calverts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p^servation thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of Bath, of Public and County of Wilts, &c.: And also. Road*.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Ba« fmgjloke, in the County of Southampton: And also, v A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of Bristol:

And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, beingTraders iii the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts-,

Were fevtrally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already (land, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, ro the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all ocher the Inland 1 raders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general 01 this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the

Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the 1 ioufe shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie Upon the Table.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Lejlock do produce to Action near this House, Tomorrow Morning, the Log Book of his Toulon. Majesty’s Ship Neptune, which contained all Transactions between the ift of January 174^, and the last of February following.

Ordered, That Captain Long do, Tomorrow Morn- Ditto, ing, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to inquire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That Captain George Berkeley do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Temple West do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain George Sclater do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Peter Osborne do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain William March do attend the said Committee at the lagne time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Richard Gwynn do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Mariot Arbutbhot do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Robert Harland do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Hanover Herne do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant John Moody do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Samuel Spencer do attend the said Committee at the famfe time.

Ordered, That Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Cope, Mr. Ed- York^Build-win, Lord Fortroje, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. ings Com-5 S Grenville,

12° Mar til

Churchev* Donation to PeUTifield College.

Regulating of Carts and Drivers in London.

Drawbacks on Foreign Linens.

"Frauds in Public Revenue.

Recruiting the Army.

Leave of t fence.

802 11* —

Grenville, Sir H. Howartb, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Loti, Mr. Montague, Mr. Philipjon, Mr. Mr. *5V^/, Mr. Brajfey, Lord Strange, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whole Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and otfier Creditors of the said Company, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating and making more effectual a certain Charity given by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Edwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repealaClause in an Act, passed in rheThird Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Cam with Wheels (hod with Iron: And thre same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of rhemselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained-in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the Whose House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

The said Report, being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public Revenues, and for the better securing and collecting the same: And that Mr. Scrape, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Footferving in Flatf ders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill 0 the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Pilsworth have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Healths

1744.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Committee That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges of Privilege*, and Elections, That they do noc proceed on any Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Trite for [he Y j '°7-

Tellers for the Noes ^'r *3°hnBarrington,

i ewers for the rsoes^ Mf Sydenha>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Henry Archer prefenced to the House, according Laftage, &c. to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth on Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Thames-Regulating of Laftage and Ballaltage in the River Thames: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Discovtrie* Committee of the whole House, to consider of the in Hudson’,* Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of fe- Bay, veral Merchants of the City of London, relating to the Finding of aPassage between the North West of Hudjons Bay and the Western and Southern Ocean of Ainerica, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chafr.

Sir William Calvert rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. t

Sir William Calvert reporred from the Committee, That they had come to several Rcfolurionswhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways and night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider Further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hdufe will, upon Thursday Morning Woollen M* next, resolve-itself into a. Committee of the whole House, nufacture. to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 12° die Martii j

Anqo i8# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to Or- Preventing der, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the ftcaling Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, Linen^ in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Drury reported from the Committee, to whom Pemen’sNac. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Pentan, Wife of Henry Penton Esquire; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill "in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Pe-

18 Geo. II. 120 Martii. 803

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Clothiers arid Manufacturers of Cloth, fiutailure. Serges, Druggets, Dureys* Sagatces* and other Woollen Goods manufactured in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Scmerfef, Was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of Cloth, Serges, Druggets, Duroys, Sagatees, and other Woollen Goods, is greatly Irlfcned of late Years* and that many considerable Manufacturers thereof are ruined, on Account of the large Quantities of such-like Sorts of Goods which the Frtncb now manufacture, and on a Bounty allowed by France thereon, which enables them to supply foreign Countries; which Countries were formerly largely supplied from the Manufactures of Great Britain; and chat the Petitioners have great reason to believe, that the Manufacturers or Cloth, Serges, Druggets, Duroys, and other kjW-priced Woollen Goods, will be inevitably ruined, unless the French arc prevented from procuring the raw Wools of England and Ireland; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Law was made to prohibit the Importation of Spanish Wools into Ireland, and to give the People of Ireland a Liberty of exporting to foreign Countries, by way of England, under a Duty at Importation, to be drawn back on Re-exportation, such 'Cambists as they shall manufacture in Ireland, it would

oblige them to work up so much of their own Wools, for their own Wear, and for Exportation, as would (together with what we shall yearly take from them in Wools, Woffled, and Woollen Yarn) effectually prevent the French from procuring their Wools, and employ the Poor of Ireland more fully than they now are, or can be, by manufacturing Spanish Wools; which the Petitioners apprehend, has been a great Cause of their having such Quarts tities of unmanufactured Wool yearly to*fell, or to send to our Rivals the French: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the

Woollen ManufaChire of Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the several Perforts, whose Names are KoaUs.Jl thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of Norwich, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

African The House being informed, That Mr. Sparke, Ac-

ompany. comptant General to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of Orders and Instructions to the Agents of the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast: of Africa, so far as they relate to Service to be done, and ProteClion to be given, to the British private Traders on that Coast, from Lady-day 1730, to Chrifmas 1744.

1 He also presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order, an Account of the Number of Slaves sold by the Royal African Company of England since 17291 Vol. 24.

distinguishing the Years when, and Pfcrfons to whom, African fold, as far as the same appears from their Books or Cor- CWW respondence; and also, all Contracts for Slaves made with them, or their Agents; together with all Letters, dr Copies of all Letters, written or received by them or their Agents, in relation to such Contracts, or to Slaves furnished on their Account^ specifying the Consideration paid for the Slaves so furnished.

Together with a List of the said Papers relating to Contracts for Slaves.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copies of Orders and Instructions relating to Service to be done,- and Protection to be given, to the British private Traders on the Coast: of Africa, was read.

And the Lift of the said Papers, relating to Coritracts for Slaves, was also read j and is as followeth 5 viz.

1. An Account of the Number of Slaves sold by the Royal African Company of England since 1729; distinguishing the Years when, and Persons to whom, fold, as far as the same appears from their Books or Correspondence; specifying the Consideration paid for the same.

2. Copies of Letters written by the Royal African Company of England, or their Agents, since 1729; so fir as relates to Contracts for Slaves, or to Slaves furnished on their Account; viz.

1. To Meffkurs Rogers, Stibbs, and Harrison, Chief Merchants at Gambia, dated July 30, 1730.

2. To Messieurs Rogers and Hafrijbn^ Chief Merchants there, November 25, 1731.

3. To Meflicurs Hull, Harrison, and Davis, Chief Merchants there, February 8, 1732.

4. To Mr.:Richard Hull, Chief Merchant there, July 4» 1734*

5. To Messieurs Hull and Orfeur, Chief Merchants there, February 5, 1735.

6. To the fame, May 20, 1736.

7. To the fame, January 13, 1736. '

8. To Messieurs Brdthwaite and Peake, Chief Merchants at Cape Coast Castle, Julycy, 17311 with

9. A Copy of Minutes therein referred to.

10. To Messieurs Brathwaite and Peake, Chief Merchants at Cape Coast Castle, August 28, 1731.

11. To Messieurs Hope, Lea, and Cope, Chief Agents there, December 7> 1738.

12. To the fame, July 5, 1739.

13. To the fame, August 2, 1739.

14. To the fame, September 6, 1739.

15. To the fame, October 4, 1739.

16. To MeflieursCope and Hope, Chief Agents at Cape Coast Castle, January 17, 1739.

17. To Messieurs Cope and Castres, Chief Agents there,

August 7, 1740.

3. Copies of Letters received by the Royal African Company of England, or their Agents, since 1729, To far as relate to Contracts for Slaves, or to Slaves furnished on their Account.

r. From Mr. Anthony Rogers, Chief Merchant at Gambia, dared April 29, 1732.

2. From Mr. Richard Hull\ Chief Merchant thert,

June 5, 1733.

3. From Messieurs Hull and John Hamilton, Chief Merchants there, July 13, 1733.

4. From Messieurs Hull and Hugh Hamilton, Chief Merchants there, October 12, 1733.

5. From the fame, April 10, 1734.

6. From Mr. Richard Hull, Chief Merchant at Gambia, April 10, 1734.

7. From Mr. Charles Orfeur, Chief Merchant there,

April 16, 1735.

8. From Messieurs Orfeur and Turner, Chief Merchants there, April 20, 1736.

9. From Messieurs Hull and Orfeur, Chief Merchants there, September 18, 1736.

10. From Messieurs Orfeur and Palmer, Chief Merchants there, April 6, 1737.

11. From the fame, April 30, 1737.

12. Fron

804 ii° Martii. A. i 74$;

Afrktn 12. From Messieurs Orfeur and turner. Chief Mer-

Canpan/% chants there, June 29, 1737.

13. From Messieurs Hamilton and turner, Chief Agents there, August 9, 1733.

14. From Mr. Charles Orfeur, Chief Agent at Gambia, May 18, 1739.

15. From Mr. Hugh Hamilton, Chief Agent there, September 12, 1739.

16. From Messieurs Orfeur and turner, Chief Agents there, June 23, 1741.

17. From the lame, October 15, 1741.

18. From Mr. Charles Orfeur, Chief Agent at Gambia, 7#^ 16, 1742.

19. From Messieurs Cruikjhank and Peake, Chief Merchants at Cape Coast Castle, May 1, 1730.

20. From Messieurs Brathwaite and Peake, Chief Merchants there, October 6, 1731.

21. From Mr. Edward Stevens, Chief Merchant there, March 18, 17 32.

22. From Messieurs Peake, Knight, and Whitaker, Chief Merchants there, August 26, 1732.

23. From the fame, October 8, 1732.

24. From Mr. Edward Stephens, Chief Merchant at Cape Coast Castle, October-2, 1733.

25. From the fame, October 3, 1733.

26. From Messieurs Stephens, Wheeler, and Rogers, Chief Merchants there, January 3, 1733.

27. From the fame, May 2, 1734.

28. From Mr. Edward Stephens, Chief Merchant there, April 17, 1736.

29. From Messieurs tinker and Cope, Chief Agents at Cape Coast Castle, March 15, 1736.

30. From Messieurs Cope, tymewell, and Drybutter, Chief Agents there, January 26, 1739.

31* From Mr. John Cope, Chief Agent there, April 15, 1740.

32. From Messieurs Cope, tymewell, and Bladwell, Chief Agents there, May 10, 1740.

33. From the fame, August 24, 1740.

34. From Messieurs Hujlands and Chalmer, Chief Agents there, April 9th, 1743.

35. From Messieurs Chalmer, Crichton, and Husbands, Chief Agents there, September 27, 1743.

36. From Mr. David Crichton, Chief Agent at- Cape Coast Castle, March 10, 1743.

37. From Mr. isaac Gregory, Chief Agent at Whydah, July 21, 1740.

38. From Mr. Henry turner, FaClor there, February 20, 1740.

4. Counterpart, or Copy, of Articles of Agreement, dated January 23, 1729, between Messieurs Anthony Rogers and Bartholomew Stibbs, Chief Agents for the Royal African Company of England, and John Carruthers, Commander of the Elizabeth, then at Anchor off James Fort in the River Gambia.

3. Counterpart, or Copy, of Articles of Agreement, dated April 24, 1730, between Messieurs Anthony Rogers and Bartholomew Stibbs, Chief Merchants for the Royal African Company of England, and Samuel Moore, Commander of the Friends Adventure, then at Anchor in the River Gambia.

6. Counterpart, or Copy, of Articles of Agreement, dated May 30, 1730, between Messieurs Anthony Rogers and Bartholomew Stibbs, Chief Merchants for the Royal African Company of England, and Francis Wheeler, Commander of the Kent, then at Anchor in the River Gambia,

7. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated November 12, 1730, between Messieurs Anthony Rogers, Bartholomew Stibbs, and Thomas Harrison, Chief Merchants for the Royal African Company of England, and Parnem Jenkins, Commander of the Sierraleone, then at Anchor in ihe River Gambia.

8. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated November 12, 1731, between Messieurs Rogers and Harrison, Chief Merchants at Gambia, and Captain Robert Ball, of the Francis Schooner of Boston, So, fat relates to furnishing

with Slaves.,

9. Copy of a Contteft, dated AugiiJl 31, 1732, between the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Gage and John Ludolph Spellerberg9 and the Royal African Company of England, for Twelve young Gambia Negro Men* to be delivered at London, for the Use of the King of Prussia.

10. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated September 24, 1733> between Messieurs Richard Hull and Hugh Hamilton, Chief Merchants at Gambia, and John de ta-vora, Commander of St. Ann of Lisbon, then at Anchor in the River Gambia.

11. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated December 14, 1733, between the Laid Hull and Hamilton, and Henry Smyth, Commander of the Tancrowall, then in Gambia River.

12. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated May 20,

1734, between the said Hull and Hamilton, and Matheus Francisco, so far as relates to furnishing him with Slaves.

13. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated May 25,

1734, between the said Hull and Hamilton, and Robert Ball, Commander of the Bumper, and Thomas Naftj, Commander of the Lady Ann, then at Anchor in the River Gambia, so far as relates to furnishing them with Slaves.

14. Original Articles of Agreement, dated May 18,

1736, between the Royal African Company of England, and Robert Bali, late Master of the Francis Schooner, on behalf of himself, and the Owners of the said Schooner.

15. Copy of Articles of Agreement, dated May 8,

1739, between Messieurs Hamilton and turner. Chief Agents for the Royal African Company, and Monfteur David, Governor of Senegal.

16. Articles of Agreement (cancelled), dated June 22,

1739, between, the Royal African Coippany and Thomas Thomas senior, Peter Thomas, and Thomas Thomas junior, of London, Merchants and Partners; together with,

17. An original Letter from the said Thomas Thomas, and Sons, to the Royal African Company, dated London,

June 28, 1739.

18. Articles of Agreement (cancelled), dated October 18, 1739, between the Royal African Company and Messieurs Thomas Thomas senior, and Peter Thomas, of London, Merchants and Partners; together with,

19. An original Letter from the said Thomas Thomas, and Son, to the Governor and Directors of the Royal African Company, dated London, November 22, 1739.

20. Articles of Commerce, dated May 14, 1740, between Messieurs Orfeur, Hamilton, and Turner, Chief Agents for the Royal African Company of England in the River Gambia, and Peter Felix David, Director at Senegal for the French East India Company.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants and Exporters of Woollen Pcefemtion Manufactures of the Town of Leeds, was prefenced to of public the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, Roads* since the Commencement of the War, have been obliged to convey large quantities of Goods manufactured in those Parts, and baled up there, by Land to London, to be ffiipt there for foreign Parts; which, through the Uncertainty of Convoys, could not be sent by Sea, as they arc destined to Places where no Ships immediately fail to from Hull, which is the Petitioners only Port; and representing to the House, That, in case the Bill, now depending, to reduce the Number of Horses now made use of in the Drawing of Waggons, throughout this Kingdom, from the Numbers allowed by the Laws now in Force, to Four, pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be deprived of some valuable Branches of their Trade, as most of the Bales are, by particular Direction from the Petitioners Correspondents abroad, ordered so.large and heavy, as not to be conveyed by a Waggon drawn by Four Horses only, and cannot be sent in imaller Parcels without insupportable Expences, by re-packing them in London: And there* fore praying. That the House will take the Premises into 13 Confide ration

Admiral

Lestock’s

Journal.

Westminster

Bridge.

Earl Cholmondeley's. Ire.Qualification.

Distovenes in Hudion’s Bay.

18 Geo. II. 120 — 130 Martii. 805

Confederation, and not To far restrain the Waggoners in their Carriageof such Goods, as to incapacitate them from carrying the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Vice Admiral Ltjiock attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Book, intituled, Vice Admiral Journal;

and he acquainted the House, That the Log Book, which, by the Order of the House, he was directed to produce, is in the Custody of the Matter of the Neptune, whose proper Duty it is to keep the fame, and who is (till abroad; but that the said Journal does contain a Transcript from the said Log Book j and that whatever is in the Log Book, is contained in this Journal.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Journal was read.

Ordered, That the said Journal be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to in-: quire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Act on last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of and Spain.

The said Journal is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County, of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; which was, upon the 12th Day of February last, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; and was-then agreed to by the House; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to insert a Clauseor Clauses therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the BUI; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fie again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornings resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Colonel Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to whom, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ato enable George Earl Cholmondeley and Pottee Viscount Torrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver'General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’* Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in ac the Clerk's Table.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rc-

Vol. 24.

ferred to consider of the Report from the Committee, ta whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, relating to the Finding of a Passage between the blonh West of Hnd/bn’s Bay and the Wettern and Sau-» them Ocean of America, was referred, the Resolution*, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabk: Where the same were read; and are a* follaweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Discovery of a North West Passage, through Hudson's Straits, to the Western American Ocean, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, in order to encourage Adventurers to attempt the said Discovery, a public Reward should be given to such Person or Persons as shall unajee a perfect Discovery of the said Passage.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir William Calvert, the Loed Limerick, Mr. Oglethorpe, and the Earl of Granard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Action near solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to inquire- Toulon, into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the A (Sion last Year near Toulon,*in the,

against the combined Fleets of France and Spam;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into Wtjhninfterhatt, the-Court of Requests, apd the Places adjacent, and ftimmoit the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And he being returned;

Ordered, That the several Papers prefemed to this House, relating to the said Action, be referred co the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornevaall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cor new all reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tbwrfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in this Inquiry.

Ordered \That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do, upon Thursday Morning next, attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of tht journed till this Day Sevennight. House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

- - , -y; — :.rM- , ;rrr n 1 rrrr.» - , rTT

Mercuriiy *3° din Mar hit}

Anno i8! Georgii ljdi Regis, 1744.

" P'R A VE R S.

House; pursuant to their Order, an Account of the foreign Cam-Amount of the additional Duties on foreign Cambficks bnc s* imported into England, granted by an Act of the Fif-itehth and "Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, from

9 T the

Linen exported.

Prefer vatiun of public Roads.

Ditto.

806

130 Mart'll. A. 1744.

the Commencement of the said Duty, to Christmas 1744: and also,

An Account of the Quantities of British and Linen intitled to Bounty, granted by an Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth of his present Majesty, which have been exponed from Lady-day 1743, t1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Newbury, in the County of BerksAnd also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Coggeshall, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Towns of Booking and Braintree, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of bury: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Chippenham, in the County of IVtlts: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Agtnondesham, otherwise Amersham, in the County of Bucks i

Were severally presented to the House, and read* setting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws already Hand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pals into a Law, the same would be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and Places adjacent, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petidoners conceive, that if the Bill, now depending in the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will not only tend to the Ruin of several Persons who now carry Goods for Hire (the Carriages now erected will, in a manner, be rendered useless to them), but put Thousands of his Majesty's indullrious Subjects under greater Difficulties than at present, and not answer the Purposes intended; and that as1 those Persons, who do now carry Goods for Hire, labour under greater Restraints, that is to say, they are obliged to; have the Wheels of their Carriages bound with Iron of a greater Breadth, and the same drawn by a lesser Number of Horses, than those who carry their own Goods only, the Petitioners apprehend, they cannot have their Goods! carried so reasonally as might be expc&ed^ were the

Wheels of all Persons Carriages bound wirh Iron of an equal Breadth, and such Carriages drawn by Horses not exceeding an equal Number; that the same will be a Means to put a Monopoly of Trade into the Hands of a few large Dealers; who, being under none of the aforesaid Restraints, will, in all Likelihood, by carrying their own Goods only, cut the Roads in a worse Manner, advance the Price of their Goods, with the Price of the Car-; riage of Goods and Merchandizes throughout the Kingdom, and occasion the Ruin of Numbers of fmal! Traders, who, by having their Goods bought at the belt Hand, and brought to them at a moderate Rate, do now support themselves and Families in a decent Manner: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Dutyoa missioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door; Cani‘-

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross and net Produce, and the Discount thereon, of the Duty on Cards, from the 2d of August 1733, to the 3d of August 1744; distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, and others. Land- Com uf«4i# owners and Farmers in the County of , and City Diaillery.

of Norwich, and County of the same City, wh fe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Land-owners and Farmers in the said County of Norfolk, and City and County of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Distillers extracting or making spiricoous Liquors from Corn and Grain unmalted, of late Years very much practised by them, is of great Detriment to the said Farmers, and Land-interest in general; and is also to the great Diminution of his Majesty’s Revenue on Malt; and alleging,

That the Petitioners are ready to make this appear, when and as the House shall please to appoint or order: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bting in a Bill to prevent and restrain the Distillers from extracting or making spirituous Liquors from Corn or Grain, or Goods unmalted, or which shall not be first made into Malt.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Y eomen, Farmers, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey. and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle; and also th'c Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers of East; are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Arfcott have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abfcacei

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. William Griffith, now Masterof his A® y> n ir Majesty’s Ship the Pembroke, do, Tomorrow Morning, ou!I:' attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty's Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered,

jjilf;

fjEOQ

frJ

Vet

Dei

h

Jr

If

1

18 Geo. II.

13° Mar Hi.

807

House Tomorrow Morning.

I*

I:-

or

se,

ni

in

rS

j

k.

it.

0;

Earl CHoK mondclcy’f. See. Qualification;

Ordered, That Mr. John Cockburne, late First Lieu- Sir Walt. Wag. Mr. Fere, Sir Philipps, Mr.

tenant of his Majesty’s Ship the Neptune, do attend this Sir John Rushout, Mr. Plumptre, Sir William

Calvert, Lord Strange, Mr Sir

Sir Miles Mr. Compton, Sir Wms.

Wynne, Mr. Hooper, Sir Robert , Sir John -

ton, Mr. Gwynne, Nix. Walter, Mr. Bury, Six William Courtenay, Mr. Mr. Mr. Saville,

Mr. Scott, Mr. Packer, Mr. Bed, Lord Geo Graham’,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Earl Cholmondeley and Pattee Viscount Torrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Af-

the said Offices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Cholmondeley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

PonHhing

Supply Bill; Duties on Wines* See.

Bevetley Beck Creek

ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more effectually preventing the Stealing Preventing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in steal,n£Ll* Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for nens’ c* printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Rowney, Mr. , Mr. Syden-

ham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fox, Lord Strange, Mr.

Cooke, Dr. Lee, Mr. Woodhouse, Mr. Robert Williams,

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better eeiuon. Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Mr. Pytts, Mr. Gybbons, Mr. L>rd Guern-

Amendment: And also, Jey, Mr. Campbell, General Onslow, General Oglethorpe,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Lord Perceval, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Wi/brabam, Sir Miles all Wines imported into Great Britain; and for railing Stapylton, Mr. Prowje, Mr. York, Sir James

a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, in " ' ~"

manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually cleansing, deepening, widening, and cean ng, c. a Creek called Beverley Beck, running into

the River Hull’, and for more effectually repairing the Staiths near the said Beck-, and the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley, and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and the River; without any Amendment: And also,

Offices and Employments.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Charles Gore, Admiral Townsend,

Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Philip/on,- Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Lewis’, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey:

And 'they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Aaion near posed, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom Tou’,on-it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry info the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the

PentonsXat.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- -the combined Fleets of France and Spain, have Power to selves for Offices and Employments within the Time examine, in the most: solemn Manner, such Persons as limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that the said Committee shall think proper to examine upon Purpose, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Subject-matter of their Inquiry; the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. The House was moved. That the Journal of the House

And then the Messengers wichdrew. of the 3d Day of March 1734, in relation to the Order

then made, for impowering the Commictee of the whole An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House, to whose Consideration the Petition of the Inn-for naturalizing Dorothy Fenton, W ife of Henry Penton holders and Alehouse-keepers of the City of York was re- Esquire; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and ferred, to examine, in the most solemn Manner, such enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, Persons as they should think proper to examine upon the in the Name of her Jointure j was read the Third time. Subject-matter of the said Petition, might be read. Resolved, That the Bill do pass. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Drury do carry the Bill to Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to the Lords ? and acquaint them, that thfs House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Morin’* Nat. Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeons.

whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Caufo of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, have Power to examine, in the most solemn Manner, such Persons as the said Committee shall think proper to examine upon the Subject-matter of their Inquiry.

Ordered, That Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Henry Fox, Sir Rriftol Poor. Thomas Drury, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Walker, Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Laroche, Sir Wm.Yonge, the Earl of Middlesex, Lord Perceval, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rletcalje, Mr.

Bennett, Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir James Grant, Sir John Rushout, General Onslow, Mr. Hales, Mr. Denzil Onslow, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Mr.

Knight, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Pennington, Colonel Choi-

A Bill for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Dr. Cotes, Mr.

Carew, Lord Perceval, Mr. York, Lord Duncannon, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Knight, Mr. Aiflabie, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Glanville, Lord

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edward Montague, Mr Campbell, Mr. Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Martin, be added to the Com* Mackworthy S>\xjcbn CrcJJe, Mr. Brere/on, Mr. Locke, Sir mittee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual John Turner, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Crowle, Mr. the several Acts, passed for erecting of Hospitals and Gajhry, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hay, Mr. Philip/on, Mr. Alr Workhouses within the City of Brijol, for the better derman Gibbon, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Cornev:allx Mr. Bennctit employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

VoL.a^, The

Law* agiir.ft Gaming.

{u fliers of cacr Quali-f cation.

Supply*

Westminster

Bridge.

Kobinfon’3

fcflate.

Gould* £ It ate.

Wright’s

(date.

808 1 f — 14" Martii. >744-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tore-solve icirir into a Committee of the w hole House, to . consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual. the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itl'clf into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effiftual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification ()f Justices of the Peace, was rc-committed.

' And the Amendment1-, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,* Providing,

" That where the Qualification required by the Billcon- lifts of Rent, it shall be sufficient to insert in the Oath or Notice directed by the Bill, so much of the Lands out of which such Rent is issuing, as shall be sufficient " to answer the Value of the said Rent."

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlm for he Yeas,* } ,*i.

Tdlers for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-nighr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

ResolvedThat this House will, To Morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ‘Thames, from the City of Westminf to theoppofite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and

Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chejrer, Salop, and Anglesey, for Payment of

their respective Debts and Incumbrances: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward

Gould Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of Wilts, comprised in the Marriage Settlement tof Robert Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to sell the same, for railing Money to purchase an intireFarm in the County of Suffolk, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 14° die Martii;

Anno 18* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

A PET IT ION of the Clothiers of Trowbridge, in WoollwM*-the County of Wilts: And also. nu d wc* 1

A Petition of the Clothiers of Melhsham, in the County of Wilts-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fitting forth. That the Manufacture o Cloth in

England is greatly decayed; and that th.". Exportation of Spanish Cloth to foreign Countries is very much leffeoed of what it was about Twenty Years ago; which, the Petitioners apprehend, has been partly owing to the great Quantities o Cloths

that have been, and now are, yearly manufactured in Ireland (which the Manufacturers of England formerly supplied them with), and partly to the great Increase of Spanish Cloths manufactured in France, which, on account of a Bounty allowed on Exportation from France, and other Advantages, the French fell in Foreign Countries cheaper than the Manufacturers in England can afford to do; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the House (when the Act was made to prohibit the Exportation of Fullers Earth, &c.) intended thereby to confine the foie Manufacturing of Woollen Cloths, particularly Superfine Spanish Cloths, to Great Britain only, and to preserve to its Manufacturers all Matcii.ls requisite for the better improving and enlarging that Manufacture; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Importation of Spanish Wool into Ireland was prohibited, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and, in general, to the Manufacturers of Spanish Wool in Great Britain, and no way prejudicial to any other Branch of the Woollen Manq-fastures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying.

That a Bill may pass to prevent the Importation of Spanish Wool into Ireland, pr that such other Relief be granted in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Preservation thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City o ^!ic

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That "* the Petitioners, as the Laws already (land, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Cjrriage of the Petitioners Goods and Merchandize?: That the Petitioners humbly conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render rpore effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads,

should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other rhelnlandTraders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. John Cockbttrne, A^ionn« Lieutenant of his Majesty’s Ship the Neptune, attended rou!oft-at the Door, according to Order;

He was called in; and being interrogated, Whether he had the original Log Book of the said Ship in his Custody ? acquainted the House, that the said Log Book is in thf Custody of the Matter of the said Ship; he having heard the said Mailer declare the same Two or Three Days ^ft cr 10 Vice

T»d

N

l

i8GeD.IL 140 — i 8 Dp

Vice Admiral Listock was Tufpencjcd; and that he has never seen the said Log Book sincej but that he has a Copy of it*

And then he withdrew.

ladcaster Mr. Godfrey Wentworth reported from the Corfirriittee, to whom the Bill to repair and amend the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hob Motor Lane End, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House $ and he read the Report in his PlaceJ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were onfce read throughout j and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Hedworth have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary OcaUions.

AAkm Ordered, That Lieutenant Secombe, late of his Ma-toear Toulon, jesty’s Ship the Princessa, do, this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the cause of the Mif-carriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action lad Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Dorset, late of his Majesty’s Ship the Royal Oak, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Johnston, late of his Majestys Ship the Royal Oak, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Burges Midshipman, late of his Majesty’s Ship the Neptune, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Eujlaee Peacock, late Volunteer on ooard the Neptune, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Leitck, late Midshipman of his Majesty’s Ship the Nonjuch, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The'Order of the Day being redd, for the fiotife to African resolve itself irito a Committee of the whole House, to Company; consider further of the Petition Of the Royal African Company of England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevens night, tefolve itself into the said Committee;

The Order of the Day beitlg read, for the House to Woollen resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td MHn..f«ctar«. consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morfting next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee upon Monday Mornirtg last, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next;

The House, according to Order, resolved ftfelfintd Aflidn a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in near Toulon, the Inquiry into the Cause of the Mifcdrriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Mr/Speaker left the Chais.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committed/

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr; Cornewall reported from the Cdmtnittefc, 'Fhaf they had made a further Progreft in the Matter to then! referred; and that he was directed by the Committee td move, That they may have Leave to lie again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Captain Frederic Cornewall, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next*

The Order of the Day Being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Westnrfinster resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to n consider further of the Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames± from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

And then the House adjourned till To^morrovr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. SainthUl, late Mate of his Majesty’s Ship the Marlborough, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Birmingham Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to EilSh whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Birmingham,.

Road.°n *n t^ie County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane

leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ( made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question several <y put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Robinson’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for gale 0j the Estates late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesey, for Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

V ®L. 24.

Veneris, 15* die Martii;

Anno 18° Georgii II" Regis, 17444 Pr a y eus.

A PETITION of the several Persons, who fe framed lWeMtion are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the of Public Town of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and Che Roads% rest of the Traders in the said Town: And also*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Taunton Dean, in the County of Somerset: And also*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of the Devizes, in the County of Wilis;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners* as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what the Petitioners are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, friould pass into a Law, the 9 U lame'

s

£gogIe

8io

fame would be a Means of" raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the f Kingdom of Great B, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief to them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Orderej, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Preservat!on ’ A Petition of several Merchants and Tradesmen of of Public Wakefield, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wa3 Roads, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years past, experienced the great Advantage, in their Way of Trade, of Stage Waggons from that Town to Land so back again, which go and return every Week; whereby the several heavy and cumbcrlome Commodities the Petitioners deal in are, with great Security and Certainty, brought and carried to and from Wakefield to Lond without any Loss, Damage, or Delay; which Advantage to the Petitioners, as well as to the Trade in general in this Part of the Kingdom, would be greatly disturbed and incommoded, in case any Restraint, beyond what the Laws uow in being have provided, should be laid upon the Waggon as to the Number of Horses necessarily employed in the conveying of those heavy Goods, which the Necessity of the Petitioners several Trades requires, and more especially at this time, when the Difficulties and Dangers of bringing those Goods by Sea are so very great, that, without a Convoy, the Petitioners cannot hazard so considerable a Property j and which the\\ in order to have the Security of, have of late been frequently obliged to wait several Months for, although their Merchandize and Goods have been as long shipped, and thereby daily periffiing: and as the Waggons for the Conveyance of such Goods are obliged to be made, to answer such Purposes, very substantial and strong, the very Draft whereof, when empty, is sufficient for and as much as Two Horses can well draw; there- fore if the Number of Horses was to be confined to let's than Three or Four more than sufficient to draw the said Waggons when empty, the small Quantity of Goods, to be brought by such Waggons, could not possibly defray the Expence of the Waggoner, who mud therefore necessarily be obliged to lay down his Waggon; whereby the Petitioners, and the Consumers of those Goods they severally deal in; will, by the Increase of the Price of such their Commodities, through the Scarcity and Hazard of removing them, as in Time of Peace, be greatly injured, and-Trade in general suffer greatly thereby: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, as not so far to restrain the Waggoners in their Carriage of Goods, as may either totally oblige them to desist from further carrying the fame, or else by increasing the Rate of Carriage, load those Goods with Charges in-fopportable either by the Merchant or the Consumer.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ATouW|Wf Ordered, That Mr. Thomas of his Majesty’s

ou.oii. Ship the Romney, do, upon Morning next, attend

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Mil’carriage of his Majesty’s Fieet in the Action lad Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain,

Ordered, That \lr. John Longden, Midfliipman of his Majesty’s Ship the Somerset, do attend the said Committee at the same time. /

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

A. 1744.

" Provided also, That tl iis Act, of any thing herein " contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend,

" to restore or intitle any Person or Persons to any Office " or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, whatsoever, actually avoided by Judgment of any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, or already filled up or enjoyed " by another Person; but that such Office, Employment,

" Benefice, Mattet, or Thing, so avoided or filled up " and enjoyed, as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and " to the Person or Persons who is or are now intitled to " the fame, as if this Act had never been made.’'

And the said Amendment was twice read; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord ships.

The House being informed, that Mr. John Wed, &c.

Clerk of the Coast, attended at the Door; carried

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of Wool,

Woolsels, Mortlins, ShoTtlings, combed Wool, Woollen -or Bay Yarn, Worsted Yarn, Cruels, Wool (lightly ma-nufactured, carried Coastwise, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1743.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That the Manufacture of Cloth in England

is greatly decayed; and that the Exportation of Cloth to foreign Countries is very much lessened of what it was about Twenty Years ago; which, the Petitioners apprehend, has been partly owing to the great Quantities of Spanish Cloths that have been, and now are, manufactured in Ireland, which the Manufacturers of England formerly supplied them with; and partly on Account of the great Quantities of it made in France-, they being, as the Petitioners are informed, by a Bounty allowed on the Expoit&tion of that Commodity, and other Advantages, enabled to undersell us at foreign Markets; and expressing the Desire of the Petitioners, that, as it hath always been the same of this House to encourage and provide for the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, a Bill may pass to prevent the Importation of S Wool into Ireland; which, the Petitioners believe, will be greatly advantageous to them, and the rest of the Manufacturers of super-fine Spanish Cloths in Great Britain, and no-ways prejudicial to any other Branch of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: And therefore begging the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners tuen Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mo>in*i for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin, was read the ^it-Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That M r. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Abraham lfaaac Ellen Esquire, One of Merchant* the Executors of Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, deccafed, 00 being offered to be presented to the House;

18 Mr.

15* Mariii.

Oftiers and

Employ-

jncins.

18 Geo. II. .15° Ma8ji

Mr. Chancellor of the Excheque!*, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up* and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner’s Testator suffered very great Losses by the Depredations of the Spaniards in the Years 1718, 1719, and 1720; the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soissons, and afterwards to the Lords of Trade, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That, fbme time ago, a Commission iffvied for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Suf- ferers; but that Commission' gives only a Power to settle and adjust the Claims of Losses in the Year 1721, and from that time; so that the Sufferers before that time' are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Par-: stament: That a Petition has been lately presented to thfc1 House by several Merchants of London, who have fpf- tained Losses by Depredations, praying a Relief for their Losses out of the Sixty thousand Pounds granted by Parliament; which Petition has been'referred to a Committee: That the Petitioner conceives he is equally intitled to Relief as other Sufferers, having made the necessary and requisite Proof of the Losses before the' Persons who were authorized to make the Demand: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration, and to grant him a Satisfaction out of the Sixty thousand Pounds given by Parliament, or in such other manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal\ Spain, and Italy, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert, Knight; are referred.

Regulating A Rill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third

an.d Year of the Reign of their Jate Majesties King William

London m 2nc^ Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Edwin, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Dr. Butler, Mr. Lyster, Sir James Grant, Mr. Strode, Mr. Phtmptre, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Hay, Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Laroche, Lord Perceval, Sir Edmund 'Thomas, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hooper, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Williams, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Carew, Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wwdhouse, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr Hen. Fox, Lord Carteret, Mr. Hales, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wr%ht*s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £state. for veiling an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of Wilts, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Robert Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to sell the same, for raising Money to pure hale an intire Farm in the County of Suffolk, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement, was read the Fir IT time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gould’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for fclU:c. impowering Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of she.Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward % Gould Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

' V ojl 24.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Tom, late Lieutenant of his Action near Majesty’s Ship the Norfolk, do, upon Tttefday Morning Teuton; next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, again!! the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncan Grant, late Master of his Majesty’s Ship the Somerset, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cramer*?* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, &c- N*t-An Act for naturalizing Mark Cramer and Samuel Me-firezat.

‘ And the said Amendments were read; and’ are'as followeth; viz.

Prese 1. L. 8. After u Geneva," insert " Peter Fedor,

" Son of FeElor, by Mary his Wife, botn at Rot* u: ter dam in Holland, John Anthony Rucker, Son of Seigmund Rucker, by Ann Margatetha his Wife, born at*

<r Hamburgh, John James Baffein, Son of John, James " Baffein, by Veronica his Wife, born at Bcfil in SwiJJer-'

" land, and Bartholomew Nedderman, Son of <c Nedderman, by' Anna Catherina his Wife, born at Eremai in Germany

L. 19. Leave out "and,"’and, after " Me-

" Jlre'zat" insert " Peter Fedor, John Anthony Rucker,

" John James Baffein, and Bartholomew Nedderman

Press 2. L. 3. Leave out 4t and, " and, after " Me u Jirezatf infei t u Peter Fedor, John Anthony Rucker,

<x 1 John James Baffin, and Bartholomew Nedderman L. 20. After " Cromer" leave out tc and

L. 2r. After; u Mejhezat" insert 15 Peter " Fedor, John Anthony Rucker, John James Baffin, and " Bartholomew Nedderman:^ 1 J'’

L. 30. Leave out " and, " and, after Met " strezaty9 insert " Peter Fedor, John Anthony Rucker,

" John James Baffein, and Bartholo?new Nedderman

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2, leave out " and, " and, at the End of the Title, add " and others."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Sc- /

cond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ac- Land Ta< count of what Number of Copies of the Act, paffod in Art fe»t w the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Shenff,« grantingan Aid to his Majesty by a Lind Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the: Service of the Year 1^44, were sent to the several Sheriffs of England', distinguishing each County, with the Expence attending the iame.

Ordered, That Ihe Order of the Day, for the House ^vestminster to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Bridge, consider further of the Bill for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Perceval took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Perceval reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday,

Morning next.

The other Order of the Day was read#

A Messagcf

&I3

I5° — 18

*A. i 744.-

fccctuiting the Army.

Speenham-

land

Road.

Churcher* Donation ta Peter>field College.

Mydelton’s

Mate.

Boteler's

Ellate*

A Meflkge from the Lords, by Mr* burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Regiments of Foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines; without ally Amendment i And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating and making more effectual a certain Charity given-by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Pe-tersfield, in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will of Sir William Mydelton Bafonet, for purchasing an Estate lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be Settled to the Uses of the same Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Boteler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand Pounds affecting the same: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Laws against Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Gaming. iDf0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the 'Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave*to fit again.

Resolved,.That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

Greljiam’s

Estate.

Birmingham

Jtoacs.

Prefemting

of public Roads*

Bntcler’s

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Woodhouse, Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Charles Mount ague, Mr. Ross, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Charles Hamilton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lech mere, Lord Barrington, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Perceval, Mr. Nugent, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual. an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the 18

settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Boronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Boteler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 18° die Martii;

Anno x8° Georgii Ilui Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mydetii.n’t for railing Money out of the Estate entailed by the Lfiftate, Will of Sir William Mydelton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants and Tradesmen of and within the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town and Parish of Halifax, taken together, is a very considerable Place and Seat of Trade, but in a mountainous Part of the said Riding,

Twelve or Fourteen Miles distant from any Navigation; by reason whereof, the Petitioners have, for several Years, experienced great Benefit, in their way of Dealing, by Stage Waggons, and other Wheel Carriages, going and coming constantly in every Week from this Town and Parish of Halifax to London; whereby several heavy and bulky Commodities, the Petitioners severally deal in, are, with great Dispatch and Security, brought and carried to' and fro without Loss or Damage to the Owners thereof; which Benefit to the Petitioners in particular, as well as Trade in general in this Part of the Kingdom, would be greatly ditlurbed, if not intirely removed from the Petitioners, in case any greater Restraint, in respect to the Weight such Waggons should respectively carry, or Re* duftion of Horses, which should be so employed therein, be made beyond the Laws now in being to preserve the Roads in this Kingdom; more especially at a time when the Hazard and Danger of Carriage by Sea, without Convoys, are so very great, and such Convoys so difficult and uncertain to be obtained; the Petitioners having beenoften obliged, since the Commencement of the War, for the Reasons above, to wait several Months, after their Goods have been shipped, before they could have them go to London by Sea, to the great Damage of the Owners of such Goods, and the manifest Delay of Trade; and that as the Waggons for conveying such Goods are obliged to be made, to answer such Purposes, very substantial and strong, the Petitioners apprehend no less than Six Horses at the lead can be required, when leaded, to draw the same; the very Carriage itself, when empty, being enough for Two Horses to draw in that Country; so that if the Number of Horses for that Purpose should be reduced, or any greater Restraint be made with respect to Weight, the same will by far fall short of answering the good Ends and Designs of Trade; nay, will not even defray the necessary Expence and Charge of the Waggoner and his Horses; whereby he must of course be obliged to give off his Bu- . finess, and the Petitioners be deprived of the Opportunities of Land Carriage, and left to that single Remedy of removing their Traffick by Sea: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises so far into Consideration, as not to restrain the Waggoners so much in their Carriage of Goods, in respect to the Weight they are to carry, ox reduce the Horses so much in respect to the Number they are to employ, as may either oblige them totally to desist from carrying such Goods, or incxrease' t^e pte-

font

18 Geo. II. i &° MartiL 812

sent Prices or Rates of Carriage they are allowed by Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Grefoam'a An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand Pounds affecting the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Robin Con's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Estates late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesea, Tor Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Carew, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir James Grant, Mr. Prowse, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Sir John Chapman, Sir Lyjler Holte, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Doner aile, Sir Geo. Oxen den. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Plumer, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Torke, Mr. Southwell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Frederick, Dr. Butler, Mr. Bennet, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Ctift, Mr. Edzvin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. West, Mr. Vernon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Her-vey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Martin, Mr. Montague, Mr. Page, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Win-ford \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Salop, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Action near Ordered, That Captain Cole, who commanded the Ma-Touion. rines on board his Majesty’s Ship the Dorsetshire in the Action lad Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiiy into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the said Action.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Thursday last,

That Lieutenant Dorset, late of his Majesty’s Ship the Royal Oak, do attend the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Dorrell, late of his Majesty’s Ship the Royal Oak, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hooper's impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain Effects mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Basset Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Jullian’s, Ac. naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Julian, Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lx>rds, intituled, An Act Hooper's for impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain WiU* Effects mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceated, for the Benefit of the Children of John Basset Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Dutch Majesty’s Command, an Account of the Charge of S x Troopj. thousand Dutch Troops, whilst in Great Britain, and during the time of their Continuance in his Majesty’s Service in Flanders, in the Years 1743 and 1744.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pur- Military suant to an Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Service in Charge of Tw6 Troops of Rangers, a Highland Com- Geor*ia* pany, Boatmen, Half Galleys, or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, from the 30th of September 1744, to 24th December 1745.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as follows \ viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of 6,000 Dutch Troops, whilst in Great Britain, and during the time of their Continuance in his Majesty’s Service in Flandtrs, in the Years 1743 and 1744.

For the full Pay to the General and Staff Officers for 135 Days, from the 20th of February 1741, the Day of their Embarkation from Holland, to the 3d of July 1744, being £. s. d.

the Day they landed in Flanders ----- 2,450 5 —

For the Difference of Pay to the several Regiments between the Dutch and

English Establishments, for the same time - - - 9,721 8 7

For contingent Expences during the same time - - - 1,506 13 6 \

To satisfy several Bills drawn by Major General Wentworth, to defray the Charge

of transporting the said Troops from Holland to Great Britain - - 7,699 2 1

For the Difference of Expence between the Charge of the said 6,000 Men, when in Garrison, and when in the Field, from the 4th of July to the 21st of October 1744, being the Time of their Service in Flanders - 10,240 1 1

For 28 Days Pay, or Gratification, to the said Troops, exclusive of the General Officers, on their Return home, as usual - - - -8,51716

The like to the General Officers, as usual ..... 2,200 — —

2I>377

Whitehall, |8th March 1744.

Will. Yonge.

Total

20,957

. . £.

4*,334

9

2

11

7

9

Tol. 24,

9X ESTIMATE

soo<^le

814 18° — 19 0 MA. 1744.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Galleys, or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, from the 30th of September 1744, to the 24th of December 1 745.

Numbers.

Charge.

Two Troops of Rangers - r

.Highland Company - - - . -

Boatmen ——

One hundred and Eighty Officers and Men for Half Galleys, or Schooners, computed at the Rate of £. 4 per Month each Man, for Vidtuaiiing, Wages, Wear, Tear, Ordnance, warlike Stores, &V. ——

Whitehall, 18th March 1744 Total

Will. Tonge.

140 5,268 15 —

1 f5 2,958 — 5

108 4.-34 7 6

180 11,700 «< — —

543 23.961 2 11

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Birmingham An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from Birming-Bfmdon County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a

Road. Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elm don, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Seven night.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Westmmfltf whole House, to whom the Bill for granting further Bridge. Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of West mi after to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lafhge, &c. A Bill.to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of in the his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage hames, ancj Bailaftage in the River Thames, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Admiral Vernon, Mr. West, Mr. French, Sir John Norris, Admiral Mathews, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Winnington, Sir Thomas Drury, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Kent, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Gra-ttard, Lord George Graham, Captain Bofcawen, Mr. Wil-kinson, Mr. Fox, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Torke, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Brooks-hank, Mr. Raw. Earl, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in Jhc Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. William Mitchell have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House'to rest nd Mean*. f0ive jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Woollen The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Manufacture. Committee of the whole House, to consider further jof the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

- - Mr. Speaker-resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them ‘ referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered

Martis, 190 die;

Anno 180 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford\ German from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; ’

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all narrow Germany and Ofmhurgk Linens that have been imported into that Part of Great Britain called England from foreign Parts, between Chr'tftmas 1737 and Christmas 1743, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and from what Places the same were imported: And also,

An Account of the total Amounts of the Value of Exports, &c. all Exports and Imports to and from England and Ger- a

many, for One Year, ending at Christmas 1743. Geuriaiiy!

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The find Accounts are bound-up with the other Papers ‘ of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Preservatioi thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Cam- of public bridge: And also, ^oati5-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in die Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton: A nd also,

A Petition of the- several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Man c heft er, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships, upon account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes:

That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill now before the House* intituled, A Bill to amend and render

more

18 Geo. II. 19 0 Marti815

more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would he a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain. to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief to them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.*

once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one? and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Preservation further Consideration the Report from the Committee, of public? to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Hoad*. Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly?

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Preventing stealing, Li uei), &c.

Boteler’s

Eliate.

Regulation of Carts, and Drivers in London.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House? and he read the Report in his Place? and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout ? and then a Second time, one by one? and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, paflt*d in the Third Year of the "Reign of their late Majesties King Williamznd Queen Mry, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the better Regulation of Carmen, Draymen, and Persons driving Carts, Carrs, and Drays, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Land , and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Bironet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Bo-teler and his Heirs ? and for settling other Estates, in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of-greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Come-wally Mr. Carew, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chester, Mr. Baihurfly Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Lord Limerick, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bennett, Sir John Cujly Admiral Vernon, Mr. Hales, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Shut tieworthy Lord Duppliny Mr. White, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, Mr. Yorke, Mr, Digby, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Laroche ? and all the Members who fbrve for the Counties of Hereford, Bedford, and Kent, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster £ ridge.

The Lord Perceval, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to v\hom the Bill for grantingfurther Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wefi-tninster to the oppdfite Shore in the County of Surrey, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill? and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re[>ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Vol. 24.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of Wilts, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Robert Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to fell the same, for raising Money to purchase an intire Farm in the County of Suffolk, to be settled to the Uses of the Lme Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tO'Mr. Winford, Sir John Turner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. South-well, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Saville, Lord Dupplin, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Crowle, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Packer, Mr Hob/yn, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Hay, Sir Rob. Williamson, Mr. Waller, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Vyner, Mr Fellowes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Chester, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Proufe, Sir Cha. Kern. Tynte, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. White, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Membeis who serve for the Counties ot Wilts, Suffolk, and Norfolk: Anchthey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

right's

EiUce.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gwynne,. Sir J. Hamilton, Sir J. Barrington, Mr. Delme, Sir H. Dalrymple, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Nor-borne Berkeley, Lord Carpenter, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repe al a Clause in an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron, is committed.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usherof the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public, and private Bills fallowing; viz.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Six Years; and for declaring, that the Duties on Salt, which arise and are payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same Charges thereon as the same Duties were liable to by the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First:

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all Wims imported into Great Britain and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties:

An

Regulation of Carts and Drivers in London.

Royal Assent to Bills.

8i£>

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty s Regiments of Foot fervirtg in Flanders, Mi-norca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations; and the Regiments of Marines:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the rrime limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for repairing the High Road* leading from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, through North Allerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Sfiord and the Devizes and the Top of Arlington Hill and Rowdford, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways lrom Speenbamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for more effectually cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving, a Creek, called Beverley Becky running into the River Hull; and for more effectually repairing the Staiths near the said Beck, and the Roads leading from the said River to the Town of Beverley; and for cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Carriages to and from the said Beck and the River Hull:

An Act to enable George Vanden Bempde, Marquis of Annandale, to use the Surname and Arms of Vanden Bempde, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable George Earl Cholmondeley and Pattee Vi I count Torrington to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify* themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act forexchanging divers Lands and Hereditaments in Hampjkire, belonging to Sir John Peachey Baronet, for other Lands and Hereditaments in Suffix, belonging to Thomas Knight Esquire; and for settling the several Estates so taken in Exchange to the Uses limited of the Estates given in Exchange for the fame, respectively:

An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Fenton, Wife of Henry Penton Esquire; and for qualifying and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Rent Charge, limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name of her Jointure:

An Act for confirming to William Beauchamp Esquire, and his Heirs, the Surname of Prottor, according to the Direction of the last Will and Testament of George Proctor Esquire deceased:

An Act for*uniting the Vicarage of Fincham St. Martins to the Rectory of Fincham St. Michaels, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling the Right of Presentation to the same;

An Act for regulating and making more effectual certain Charities given by the Will of Richard Churcher Merchant, deceased, for the Benefit of the Town and Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for naturalizing Mark Cramer, Samuel Me-Jlrezat, and others:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Benjamin Morin.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Parry'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

A. 1744.

Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of William Parry Esquire, and for purchasing another Estate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Court Mar- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di-rest ions, that there may be laid before this House, the Depositions, Examinations, and all other Papers relating to the Conduct of the Four Captains; viz. Griffin, Mo~ ftyn, Brett, and Foivke, on their late Cruize to the West-ward; together with all the Proceedings of the Court Martial holden at Portsmouth, before Vice Admiral Stewart, on the 31st Day of January last, to examine into the Conduct of the said Captains.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the A&ionnear whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Toulon. Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornezvall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Captain Montagu, Captain Nucella, Captain Cole, and Captain Marsh, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,20° die Martii;

Anno iS* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Prefemt are thereunto subscribed, beingTraders in the Town of Andover, in the County of Southampton: And also, ° 5

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Towns of Dunmore, Billericay, Brentwood, in the County of Essex:

And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preserva-tion of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of railing the Price of

the

190 — 20° Martii.

Caoogie

i8 Geo. II.

the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and to give such Relief to them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Preservation A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

°Roids *C thereunder subscribed, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners conceive that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will not only tend to the Ruin of several Persons, who now carry Goods for Hire (the Carriages now erected will be in a manner rendered use-iefs to them), but put Thousands of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects under greater Difficulties than at prc-lent, and not answer the Purposes intended; and that as those Persons who now carry Goods for Hire labour under greater Restraints (that is to say), are obliged, as the Laws already (land, to have their Wheels of their Carriages bound with Iron of a greater Breadth, and the same drawn by a less Number of Horses, than those who carry their own Goods only, the Petitioners apprehend, they cannot have their Goods carried so reasonably as might be expected, were the Wheels of all Persons Carriages bound with Iron of an equal Breadth, and such Carriages drawn by Horses not exceeding an equal Number: That the same will be a Means to put a Monopoly of Trade into the Hands of a few large Dealers, who being under; none of the aforesaid Restraints, will, in all Likelihood, by carrying their own Goods only, cut the Roads in a worse Manner, advance the Price of their Goods, with the Price of Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes throughout the Kingdom, and occasion the Ruin of Numbers of small Traders, who endeavour to buy their Goods at the best Hand, and having them brought at a moderate Rate, do now support themselves and Families in a decent Manner: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and give such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Spanish Wool The House being informed, That Mr. Bowles, Agent imporced. to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all Spa-ni/li Wool imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1744, distinh guishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Bristol Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom Poor, the Bill for rendering more effectual the several Acts, passed for the erecting of Haspitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol for the better employing and mainr taining of the Poor thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, in Common-Council assembled, under rheir Common Seal, was referred, That no Counsel appeared before the said Committee, on the behalf of the Petitioners, the said'Mayor* Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol; and that the Committep had exar mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Vql. 24.

817

be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thfcn a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Limerick presented to the House, according Discoveries to Order, a Bill for giving a public Reward to such Per- inHudson’* son or Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a North-weft Passage, through Hudsons Straitsy to the Western and Southern Ocean of America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to repair and amend the Road fead- T«idcaster ing from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City Bridge &c. of York, to a Place near the said City called Hob Moor ^oa Lane End, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 29. L. 25. After ‘‘'by" and before cc the," tp inferc " the Justices of the Peace at

L. 27. To leave out County of the," and, dn the same Line, after " City," to insert u which Judgment and Determination the Justices of the Peace, at f< the said General Quarter-Sessions, are hereby im-<c powered, on Appeal to them, to make."

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that thcTitle be.

An Act to repair the Road leading from Tadcafttr Bridge* within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City called Hob Moor Lane End.

Ordered, That Mr. Godfrey Wentworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the under-signed Merchants of London, D^back concerned in the Trade to Germany, and the Importation on foreign of foreign Linens into this Kingdom, was presented to Lineni. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland\ praying yet further Encouragements to their Manufactures, and particularizing, as a Means conducing thereto, the taking off the Drawbacks at present allowed on the Re-exportation of foreign Linen; and that a Report hath been made to the House on such Petition; and that such Report Hands referred to a Committee of the whole House; and representing to the House, That many and great Encouragements have been already given to the Scotch and Irish Linen Manufactures, by great Numbers of Laws passed in their Favour, since the Resolution, and still in Force: That in 1737 if was afterted, that foreign Linens then fold in the Plantations only between Six and Seven per Cent. cheaper than the British or Irish Linens; and that if the Drawback were not allowed, the flatter would be then fold near Six perCent. cheaper than the former; and that afterwards, in the Year 1742, a Law was passed, whereby^ for the Encouragement of low-priced Linens, an additional Duty was laid on Cambrick, as a Fund for paying a Bounty on Exportation of such British and Irish Linens; which Bounty alone, exclusive of all former and other ‘Encouragements, exceeds the Drawback which is allowed on Exportation of foreign Linen: That there is great Reason to believe, not only from the very small Use which hath been made of that Fund since the same was granted, but also from the Advance in the Price of all low Linens in general, and of those from Scotland in particular, since that Time, that although the Value of fine 9 Y Linens

20® Martii.

8i8

20° Martii. A. 1744.

Drawback

On foreign Linen 1.

Linens made in Great Britain and ,may be in-

creased, yet it is much otherwise with regard to the low Sorts of Linens: That the Petitioners are extremely fur-pfized to find it infilled by the British and Irijli Dealers, that there is not a Sufficient Demand Sor coarSe Linens in England, unleSs for Exportation, as above Four-fifths of the foreign Linens consumed in England are of the coarse Sorts, which cost from Three Pence to One Shilling per Yard, many of which are of the very same Species of those usually exported to the Plantations; and that the

and reptefenting to the House, That the Quantities of Linens imported from North Britain and Ireland fall vastly short of the Demand for our Home Consumption; and that the Quality of those Goods in general isunfuitable to the Demand of our Plantations abroad; and that the Petitioners are further apprehensive, that, as the Practice of carrying on an illicit Trade with our Colonies but too much prevails already, should any Discouragements be given either to the Imports or Exports of foreign Linens, it must be necessarily increased, to the great Pre-

Prices of such Linen have been, for these Two Years past, judice of the Petitioners in particular, and to that of the greatly advanced abroad; and that there hath not been a general Commerce of Great Britain, in those Parts to Sufficient Quantity to answer she Demands for the Home which foreign Linens are now exported: And therefore Consumption: That very great Quantities of our Woollen praying, That the Drawbacks may not be taken off on and other Home Manufactures and Produce are exported the Exportation of foreign Linens, and that no further

to, and vended in, those Countries, from whence we are Supplied with Linens; and that the Duties laid on our Manufactures, when imported there, are so small, as to bear very little Proportion to those which are charged on

Duties or Discouragements may be laid thereon.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers, London, in behalf of themselves and Trade,

foreign Linens here; and that from thence there is great was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Reason to apprehend, that any further Discouragements given to that Trade (which makes but aPart only of the Returns for our Exports in that most valuable Branch of Commerce, from whence a great Balance annually arises in favour of this Nation) may tend to bring the like or greater Burthens on our Manufactures exported abroad, and be, in its Consequences, of very great Prejudice to the Woollen and other Manufactures of this Kingdom: and that, in case the Drawbacks were to be disallowed on the Re-exportation of foreign Linen, the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend, that Several other Branches of the Trade from this Kingdom must be greatly affected, as this Nation may thereby be disabled from Supplying any Parts of Africa, or the Spaniards in America, with Linens; and that, as our Colonies do already pay much dearer for the Linens they consume than the neighbouring French and Dutch Settlements (info-

much that the latter are well known to have Supplied, in a. clandestine Manner, a Part of the Demands of our Plantations), it is but too easy to foresee, that that Practice will incltafe, in proportion to the Advantage that will accrue to the Undertakers of the fame, and may be attended with the Loss of that valuable Part of the Commerce of this N ation with its own Colonies, besides greatly

That the Petitioners, and many thousand Families in and about the City of London, are employed in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, of which great Quantities are exported to Germany and Holland; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners are afraid, that any Discouragement laid on foreign Linens may induce those Countries to impose some Duty on our Manufactures, or otherwise hinder the Sale thereof, which may prevent their Exportation; and that Germany and Holland being at present almost the only foreign Markets the Petitioners have for vending their Goods, not only great Numbers of the Petitioners, but many thousand Families who are entirely dependent on them, will be deprived of the Means of getting their Bread, and reduced to the utmost Distress; and must become burthensome to their respective Parishes, should that Trade be obstructedc And therefore praying the House so to take the Premises into Consideration, that these Manufactures may not receive such Discouragement, as the Petitioners apprehend would be the fatal Consequence of taking off the-Drawbacks on foreign Linens.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of , in the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners an-

lessening the present Revenue upon the Importation of nually supply the German Markets with great Quantities

foreign Linens: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before that any Alteration be made, or further Burthens laid, with respect to foreign Linens, which may be attended with such great Loss and Mischief to the Manufacturers, and the Trade, Commerce, and Revenue of this Kingdom.

Ordered, Thai the Slid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to considerof the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchantsand others, of Britain a id Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the Said Manufactures, Was referred; and that these Petitioners, the Merchants of London concerned in the Trade to Germany, and the Importation of foreign Linens into this Kingdom, be heard, by themselves or Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves and many others, concerned in the Import and Export of foreign Linens, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have leen, by the Votes of this House, that a Petition hath been pretented by fundryPer-

of Woollen Goods; viz. Druggets, Duroys, Sagatees, Serges, iBc. to the Maintenance and Support of great Numbers of industrious Families, who would otherwise be reduced to great Poverty and Distress; and that the Intercourse of Trade is at present carried on to the mutual Benefit of both Nations, by the English taking large Parcels of Linen in return from thence; and that the Balance of such Trade is greatly in Favour of the English i but that if, over and above the present high Duties, any new Difficulty should be laid on their Linens, it is much to be feared the like or greater Incumbrances will, be laid on our Manufactures sent thither: And therefore praying. That no Alteration may be made in the present Duties or Drawbacks on foreign Linens.

A Petition of the under-signed Manufacturers and Dealers in Woollen, Silk, and other Goods, which are exported to Germany and Holland, in behalf of themselves, and many others, living in and about London, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other Persons in this Kingdom, are largely employed in the Manufactures of Woollen, Silk, and other Goods, for the Consumption of Germany and Holland; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Drawbacks on foreign Linens are taken off, or any further Burthen laid thereon, it will naturally

produce a great Detriment to all our Exports (whereby the Petitioners must be greatly prejudiced in their particu* fons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, lar Trades and Manufactures), and bring a heavy Loss on and Tapes, in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further a very beneficial and large Branch of national Com-Encouragement to their Manufactories, and setting forth, merce, to the Ruin and Distress of many thousand Fami-That the taking off the Drawbacks payable on the Ex- lies: And therefore praying the Consideration of the portation of foreign Linens may answer those Ends; House; and that the Drawbacks on foreign Linens may-

not

‘nr

Go

Li

1

1

1

18 Geo. II, 20° —

not be taken off, nor any Augmentation of Duties laid thereon.

And the Cud Petitions were severally ordered to be re* ferred to the Confiiieration of the Committee of the whole House, appointed to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others of Great Britain and Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and , whose

Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many others, concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

Separate Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Incorporation to whom the Bill for making the Surgeons of London and of Surgeons. t|ie Barbers of London 1' wo l'eparate and distinct Corporations, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to exempt the Surgeons from Parish Offices.

Jullian's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act -ke. Nat. for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Jullian, Peter and Thomas Sapte, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time'.

Gould's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. for impowering Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate deviled to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Houblon, - Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Barrington, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Chailes Gore, Mr \lr. Sydenham, Mr.

West, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Wentworth, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr.

Carcw, Si; John Ooffe, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Yorke, j Mr. Powney, Mr. Fr.'.'oMr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Drury,

Mr. Mellish, Mr. OwenMr. Robert Williams, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. O Mr. White, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Alderman Gybbon, Mr. , Mr.

Ellis; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and Wilts: And they are to meet ’ this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

" Supply, The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to i consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport-Service, for the Year i 744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of victualing his Majesty’s Land Forces, from the iff of January > 1743, to the 31st of December 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of 6,000 " Dutch Troops, whilst in Great Britain, and during the

: Time of their Continuance in his Majesty’s Service in

Flanders, in the Years 1743 and 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of mutual Friend-’ ship and Alliance between his Majesty, the Queen of

Hungary, the King of Poland, and the States General,

- and Translation thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

’ Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

; Mr. Fane took the Chair the Committee.

£i Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had >! come to several Resolutionsi which they had directed

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow f M'-rning.

I.- Vot, 24.

:i° Martii. 819

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di rected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rtfohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Laws against next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Gamiag. to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 21* die Martii;

Anno i8* Georgii IP* Regis, 1744.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That a Person at- Fisherie»,fcc.

tended at the Door, with an Account from the of Scotland-Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheriesand Manufactures in Scotland;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Linens stamped in Scotland for Sale, from One Day of November 1740,10 One Day of November 1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Merchants* Drawback and Traders in the Wooilen Manufactures, in and about on foreigo the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; Linens, setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Voles of this House, that a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of,

Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further Encouragement to their Manufactures, particularly by taking off the Drawbacks payable at present on the Exportation of foreign Linens 5 and representing to the House, that such Linens are really the principal Part of the Returns for Woollen Goods manufactured by great Numbers of the industrious Poor in those Parts, as well as by many Thousands of British Subjects elsewhere, and exported into Germany and other Places, from whence the greatest Part of those Linens are brought into this Kingdom; and that particularly the almost intire Woollen Manufacture in and about the said City, amounting, according to the nearest Estimate, from One hundred and Fifty, to One hundred and Seventy, thousand Pounds per Annum, chiefly sent into the Circle of Westphalia and that Neighbourhood, is paid for by Bills on London, out of the Produce of those Linens; and that therefore the Petitioners are very apprehensive, that should their Importation be further clogged, by laying on of higher Duties, or the Drawbacks payable at present on them taken off (as those People have nothing else by' which they can make Returns to any considerable Value),

the Consequence must be the intire Ruin of the Woollen Manufacture in those Parts, by which means many Thou? sands of our Poor must ntceffarily be unemployed and starve, or become a Burthen on the Lands, and'our Wool at the same time lie rotting in the Grower’s Hands, or smuggled into foreign Parts, and manufactured there, and so the French, our formidable Rivals in Trade, would have

it in their Power to cut us out also of a great Part of our Trade with Spain and Portugal-, and further rcpre-fenting to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend . that

820

2i° Martii. A. 1744.

Drawback on foreign Linens.

that the Linen Manufactories of Ireland and North Britain do not, at present, (land in Need of any such Aid, there being, as the Petitioners are informed, a Demand for their Linens equal to the Quantities made, whilst the Woollen Manufacture, the Staple Commodity of the Kingdom, and the Source of our Wealth and Power, now languilhes there, as well as in divers other Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners much question, whether the taking off the Drawbacks on foreign Linens will prove any Encouragement to our Linen Manufactures, it being rather highly probable, that it may occasion the Loss of that Branch of Trade to our Colonies, as it will give our Neighbours the French and Dutch an Opportunity of smuggling them into those Colonies, at least Twelve per Cent, cheaper than we can render them, in case the Drawbacks be taken off: And therefore praying, That the said Drawbacks may not be taken off, nor any Discouragements given to the Importation of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes.

A Petition of the under-written Merchants, Planter, and others, trading to, and interested in, the Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves and many

others, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That our Plantations are at present supplied from hence with great Quantities of foreign Linens for their own Comlumption, on which a considerable Profit remains to this Nation, and the Price comes already much dearer to our Planters, than if they were permitted a direct Importation from foreign Parts; and representing to the House, the Opinion of the Petitioners, that our Home Manufactures of Linen cannot as yet furnish the proper Sorts, nor in sufficient Quantities, to answer our Plantation Demands; and that if the Drawbacks should be taken off, the Price of Linens exported from hence would be so exorbitant, that it is much to be feared this valuable Branch of Trade would be loft, and the Inhabitants of our Colonies find out some other Methods of supplying themselves, either by Manufactures of their own, or by clandestine Importation from Foreigners: And therefore praying. That the Drawbacks on foreign Linens, exported to our Plantations, may be continued.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Sin behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the said Manufacture, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a very considerable Part of the Woollen Goods manufactured in the said City are exported to Germany and Holland, and vended there j and representing to the House, That the Petitioners are apprehensive that any additional Burthen on the Linens manufactured in those Countries, will prove in its Consequences very prejudicial tojthe Petitioners, as it may occasion the like or greater Duties to be laid on our Woollen Goods which are at present liable to very small Duties in Holland and several Parts of Germany: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House; and that the Drawbacks on foreign Linens may not be taken off, nor any Augmentation of Duties laid thereon.

-Ordered,.That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

A Petition of the Linen Drapers of London, dealing in foreign, and in British and Linen for Home Consumption, and also for Exportation to all the Plantations, and the Northern Colonies, and to the Coast of , the Spani/k IV,eft Indies, i£c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners perceive that an Application hath been made to the House, praying further Encouragements to the British and Irish Manufacture of Linen, and tending to take off the Drawbacks at prefen* allowed on the Re-exportation of foreign linens, and representing to the House,‘That the

and Irish Linens which are made and brought into this Kingdom, are free of Duty, and have many other Advantages, when, at the same Time, foreign Linens imported are charged according to their Breadths, with very high Duties, which alone is so great an Encouragement to the Home Manufacture, and the Demand is so great, that thrice the Quantity thereof might be fold, if the same could be made and bought for a reasonable Price; and that therefore the Petitioners conceive the Home Manufacturers cannot want a foreign Market before such Time (if ever) as they shall be able to supply this; and that the Quantity of low-priced Linens tqade in Great Britain and Ireland, under Twelve Pence the Yard, bears a small Proportion to the general Demand, it being well known, that more than Three-fourths of the narrow German Linen imported (of which there are annually about Twenty Millions of Yards imported), are consumed in this Kingdom, and amongst those many of the same Species which are exported to our Plantations; so that the Petitioners cannot but be surprized, that it should be represented that there was not a sufficient Demand for coarse Linens in England, unless for Exportation; and further setting forth, That the Encouragement to the Home Manufacture, which was desired of the Parliament in 1737, was prayed to be upon the coarse Linens, and it was then asserted, that if the Drawbacks on foreign Linens were taken oft', the Manufacture would greatly increase, and would be fold near Six per Cent, cheaper than the foreign; and that about Two Years ago a large Bounty was given (exceeding the Drawback upon foreign Linens) upon exporting such coarse Linens, whereupon the Petitioners hoped, that some of the promised Effects from that great Encouragement would have appeared; but that* notwithstanding such Encouragement, and the Advance in Price of Linens (and particularly those of North Britain) a very inconsiderable Part of that Bounty hath been applied to the Uses for which it was appropriated; from whence the Petitioners conceive, that the Home Manufacture of coarse Linen is very little, if at all, increased; and that if a foreign Trade also were necessary, the great Bounty so lately allowed on Exportation of British and Irish Linen, would be a sufficient Encouragement to export the same to the Plantations, the Coast of Africa, and the Spanish West Indies, if Quantities could be made so fit for those Countries, as what are supplied by foreign Linens: That the said particular Bounty allowed on Exportation of the Home Manufacture, not only exceeds the Drawback allowed on foreign Linen, but it is more easily and speedily to be obtained, and not attended with near the Expence, Delay, or Trouble, which the Exporters of foreign Linen are at, in order to receive the Drawback; neither are Home Linens under the Necessity of being under separate Packages from other Goods; and Jhe -Oaths on the exporting of them are only the common Securities required to be taken in all Cases of Bounties, to prevent Frauds upon the Revenue being otherwise committed: That many Sorts of foreign Linens are found to suit the Inhabitants in the Plantations, in Africa, and in the Spanish West Indies, better than the and Irish Linens; and that, should the Drawback be taken off those Linens, it would not only encourage, but necessitate, the African Merchants and others, to fend their Ships to Holland for their Linen Cargoes, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, of the India Company, and of many other Traders, who now gain by furnitliing those Cargoes here; besides which, as it is but too certain that a clandestine Trade is already carried on from the French and Dutch Settlements in the Neighbourhood of our Plantations, by the loading such foreign Linens, which should be exported from hence, that illicit Trade must increase, in proportion to the Encouragement it would receive from taking off the Drawback, at present payable on foreign Linens, whereby this valuable Branch of our Commerce would be in great measure loft to the Nation, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners in particular, as well as of the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may have

Leave

i8 Geo. II. 21 821

Leave to he heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Drawbacks arc taken off, or any further Burthens are laid on the Re-exportation of foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconlider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Lmens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures; was referred: And that these Petitioners, the Linen-drapers of London, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Separate Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

dSuwwife to w'lom tf'e Bill for making the Surgeons of , and the Barbers of London, Two separate and distinct Corporations, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Examiners of the said Company to examine all Persons, who shall be Candidates to be Surgeons, or Surgeons Mates, in his Majesty’s Army.

Birmingham Sir Char let Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to

Roads. whom the Bill for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon to in the County of War-

wick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitant of the several Towns, Parishes, Villages, and Places, of Alveffon and Tiddington, Loxley,

Hampton Lucy, Wellesbornt Mouniford, Wellesborne ings, Walton, New bold Pacy, Comp-

ton, Verney, Combrooke, Chesterton, Lighthorne, Kingston, and Kington, in the County of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had consideredof the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Answer Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their to Address. Address of Tuesday last (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be kid before this House, the Depositions, Examinations, and all other Papers, relating to the Conduct of the Four Captains; viz.Griffin, and Fowke; on their

late Cruize to the We It ward; together with all the Proceedings of the Court Martial holden at Portsmouth, before Vice Admiral Stewart, on the 3d Day of January kft, to examine into the Conduct of the said Captains), had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Bristol An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual the fe-Poor. veral Acts, passed for erecting ot Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristol for the better Employing and Maintaining of the Poor thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts, passed for the Erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol for the better Employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Yot. 24.

Ordered, That Mr Boblyn do Carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Chapman reported from the Committee, to York whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad: contained in the said Pet ition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That, on the 30th of March 1720, the fair! Company contracted with the Commissioners of forfeited Estates for the Purchase of the Estate of William late Lord Wid-dringtvn, in the County of Northumberland (which was mentioned in a printed Rental or Particular, produced to your Committee, to be of the annual Value of £1,808.

14J. id. at and for the Price of £57,100, being above the Kate of 31 Years and an Half Purchase; depending upon the Truth of the Rental or Particular:

That, by the Conditions of Sale, and the said Contract* your Committee find, that the Purchaser was to pay Ond Fifth-part of the Purchase-money on the 24th of June then following, and the remaining Four Fifths on thd 29th of September then next, with Intefeft at 5 from the said 30th of March to the several Days of Payment; and the Purchaser was to be intitled (pursuant to the C nditions of Sale) to the Rents accruing from Martinmas then last:

That on the 25th of June I’jlo, the said Company paid the Sum of £ 11,556. is. 1 being the Fifth-part of the Purchase-money, and Interest, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, and paid further, on Account thereof, by Instalments, several Sums, to the 13th of 1722, which, with the said Sum of £11,556. ir. 11 amounted to £49,404. 125. 8*<£; as appears by a Certificate under the Hand of One of the Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer:

That the First Article of the printed Rental, by which the Company purchased the said Estate, is in the following Words: " A large House and Gardens, in good Order " and Repair, with convenient Outhouses, a large Park " well flocked, with Demesnes thereto, valued at about " £500 per Annum." notwithstanding which, it appears to your Committee, by the Report of the Commissioners for forfeited Estates, made to the House the 17th Day of January 1717, that the Premises comprised in the said Article were at that time let at no more than £250 pgr, Annum;and it also appeared by the Commissioners Receiver’s Account of the Rents of the said Estate, for the Half Year due the ill of May 1720, that the same was let at no more than after the Rate of £250 per Annum, subject to several Deductions and Allowances thereout for Taxes and Repairs, amounting to £82. ioj. per Annum:

That the House is a large antient Building, which, at the time of the Purchase, was in a very indifferent State of Repair, and is in a very ruinous Condition, and Part thereof in Danger of falling, and uninhabitable, and the Park and Demelnes therein mentioned are let to sundry Tenants at the utmost improved Rent; and though it appears, that £1,254 hath been laid out in Repairs and Improvements on that Part of the Estate mentioned in the First Article of the said Rental, yet the Premises therein comprised and estimated at £500 per Annum, have never produced, as appears to your Committee,

£250 per Annum.

And it further appeared, that several other Articles in the said Rental have proved deficient to the yearly Amount of £54. 5s. 2 id.; a particular Account whereof is hereunto annexed; and the Creditors, or their Trustees, have never received any Advantage therefrom since the Year 1731,when they first entered upon the said Estate; or did it appear, that the Company had received any Benefit thereby.

Z Anti

210 Ma.

822

A. 1744.

y0|.|c And youf Committee also find, that Part of the Rents Buildings of the said Estate, due at Martinmas 1720, to which Corhpan)'. the Company was intitled, amounting to £. 341. 1 $s.

10d. were received by Nicholas Tooke> the then Receiver appointed by the Commissioners for forfeited Estates, and never accounted for to the Company.

And your Committee find, that the Company craved an Abatement and Allowance out of the remaining Part of the Purchase-money, for Overcharges; and, on the 1 ft of June 1727, laid the same before the Right Honourable the then Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury; whereby, after an Allowance of the said Overcharges, the Balance then remaining unpaid appeared to be£. 2,567* I2J. 1 \d. 5 which Sum the Company paid into the Exchequer the 15th of the same June-, and, upon such Application, the Lords of the Treasury declared, that however reasonable the Deductions might be, which were claimed by the Company, yet they had no Power - over the fame; but referred it for the Determination of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer; and your Committee find, that* in 1727, Suits in the Exchequer were brought for that Purpose, on behalf of the Crown and of the Company, relating to what Allowances should be made in respect of such Overcharges, and for legal Conveyances to be made of such Estate:

That the said Company being considerably indebted on their Bonds for Money borrowed to pay for the Purchase of this and other forfeited Estates, did, as a further Security to their Creditors, on the 18th of January 1731, convey the Estate of the said late Lord Widdrington to Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the said Bonds and Interest; on which there is now due for Principal and Interest, the Sum of 121,000, and upwards, being a much greater Sum than the whole Value of the said Estate 5 2nd the Company then depending, that the Balance due to the Public was, as aforesaid, fully discharged, covenanted, that they were seised of the said Estate as of a good Fee-simple Estate, had good Right to convey; and that the same was free of all Incumbrances; and the Trustees were soon after put in Possession.

And your Committee find, that the Creditors claiming under the said Trust preferred their Bill in Chancery for Sale of the said Estate, and a Satisfaction of their Debts; and, ondhe 24th of October 1740, it was decreed. That the Creditors were intitled to the Benefit of the said Trusts; and that an Account should be taken of their Debts; and that the said Estate should be sold for satisfying the fame, subject to the Demand of the Crown for what (if any thing) remained due of the Purchase-money; and that the Money arising by such Sale should, after v furring apart £. 30,000, to answer the Demands of the Annuitants for Lives charged on the Compares Estates in Scotland, be applied in Satisfaction of what should>Appear to be really, and bona fide, due to such Creditors of the said Company.

And your Committee also find, that the said Creditors, from 1731 (the Time of their being intitled under the said Trust), used all possible Diligence with the said Company, in order to obtain legal Conveyances of the said Estate; but the Company refused, or neglected, all Endeavours for that Purpose, to the Prejudice of the said Creditors; and it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. IVaddilove, Agent for the Creditors, that he has often applied to the late Solicitor to the Treasury, to have the Balance settled between the Crown and the Company, and to get the said Causes in the Exchequer set down for Hearing; that a legal Conveyance might be made of the said Estate; yet he could not obtain the fame; and no legal Conveyance hath as yet been made:

That, in 1742, the Creditors made Application to the Company, to use their Names, in order to procure a Hearing of the Causes in the Exchequer; which they refusing, Application was made, on their behalf, to the Court of Chancery; whereupon an Order was made for that Purpose on the 28th of October 1742:

That, pursuant thereto, and in order to obtain legal Conveyances of this Estate, the Creditors procured the It

said Causes to be set down for Hearing; which, on the 6th of June 1743, came on to be heard in the Court of Exchequer, when their HardIhips were represented; and, as it appeared to your Committee, the Court declared.

That, with regard to such Hard ships, they could not grant them Relief for such Overcharges in the Rental, being bound by the drift Words in the Act; of Parliament, made for the Sale of the said Estate; and that they had no other Way of obtaining Relief but by an Application to Parliament; and thereupon the Court decreed the Agreement, so made for Purchase of the said Estate, to be carried into Execution, and an Account to be taken of what Money remained due to the Crown thereupon.

And your Committee find, that, unless some Relief be obtained for the Creditors, not only the Purchase-money on such Overcharges, but also a considerable Sum for accumulated Interest thereon, will remain chargeable on the said Estate, and thereby greatly lessen the Creditors Security, already deficient.

And your Committee find, that the said Estate was purchased, in the Year 1720, at near 32 Years Purchase; by which the Public have already received a much larger Sum than could have been had for the same in any other Year, even if the real annual Value had been equal to the Value estimated in the Rental, by which it was purchased.

And your Committee find, that the Money which has been already paid into the Exchequer on Account of the said Purchase, amounts to the Sum of £. 51,972. lo d.; so that there remains unpaid of the principal Purchase-money of £. 57,100, contracted for, the Sum of £.5,127. 15* *d. exclusive of Interest.

That by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for impowering Commissioners to fell the forfeited Estates, &V. no less than Four of the said Commissioners can execute Conveyances of the said Estate.

And your Committee find, that there now remains only Three of the said Commissioners living; so that no Conveyance can be made of the said Estate without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report, and also the said Petition, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act paTry’» for Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of IVilCiam Eftatts* Parry Esquire, and for purchasing another Estate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned $ was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Lord Guernsey, Lord Deerhurfi, Sir Boteler'i

Edward Bouverie, be added to the Committee, to whom Estate.

the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir ^Philip Boteler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; is committed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- $Uppiy. mittee of the whole House, to whom it v/as referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Five Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Freight of Transports,. between the ift of January 1743, and 31st of December 1744*

Resolved,

Drawback OO foreign Linen*.

African

Company.

Action near Toulon.

18 Geo. II.

a C — 2 a'

Marti.

823

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , That the several Persons, who were ordered

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Three to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the hundred Forty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for the

Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty’s Land Forces between the iff of Janu 1743, and the 31st December 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Ninety-four Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of 6,000 Dutch Troops, whilst in Great Britai, in the Years 1743 and I74-4-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Conpimittee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Two hundred

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Martii *,

Anno i8® Georgii lldl Regis, 1744. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for and Forty Pounds One Shilling and One Penny, te granted Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of Six thousand ^e> ^vas rea^ ,a Second^time,

Dutch Troops, during the time of their Continuance in ’ "

his Majesty’s Service in Flanders, in the Year 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the King of Poland, as Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty,

Gu(ham*»

Eltatfc.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles , Mordaunt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, General Lord Perceval, Admiral Tow Mr. Young, Mr. , Pratf, Mr. Bowles, Sir James , Mr. Page, Ad* miral Mathews, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. White, Sir John , Lord Granard, Mr. West, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Jon' Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Harvey, Lord That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, G?o. Graham, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, be granted to his Majesty on Account, to enable his Ma- ^ir Newdigate, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Fane,

n ~ * Lord Chetwynd, Dr. Butler, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bowes}

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

jetty to make good such otherTreaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty’s Allies, and for other Services for the Year 1745.

The First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, of the said Rdolutiom, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to i y the House.

The Sixth Kesolution being read a Second time;

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to Godmat^ Order, a Bill to repair and widen the Road leading trom chester, Ac. a Place called the HorJ'eJhoe , in the Town of -A Motion was made, and the Question beingput. That manebeftin the County of Huntingdon, through the the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a House called Kesolution, That a Sum, not exceeding f.500,000, be the First Rubbing-house on Newmarket Heath, in the granted to Ids Majesty on Account, to enable his Majesty County of: And the same was received; and

to make good such otherTreaties as are or shall be made read the first time.

with his Majesty’s Allies, and for other Services of the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

War, for the Year 1745;

' ..... An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Myddlwon*!

for railing Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will . Estate*

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

ySir Henry Lyddell, I Mr. Geo. Grenville

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves.

7 of Sir William Middleton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate

j 247* lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Ulesof the same Will, was readaSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wynne, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr.

tre, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Gildart, Mr. , Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Newdigate, Mr. Speke, Dr. Lee, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Page, Mr.

Lord Perceval, Mr. Noel, Mr. , Captain Charles Hanbury, Mr. Hales, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Mr.

Torke, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Brereton, Admiral Vernon, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Bowles, Mr.

and many others concerned and employed in the said Cornewall, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Duncombe, Manufacture, was referred; Mr. Mr. Mr. Owen, Sir Thomas

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wynne, Co! Herbert; and all the Members who serve ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon House, to consider of the said Report. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to pt3fton

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Inclosure. consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Fields in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the Company of England; County of Northampton-, and for giving a Recompence

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of his Tythes of night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, the said common Fields; And the same was received j to consider further of the said Petition. and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, A Petition of the Manufacturers of the Town of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mingham was presented to the House, and read; setting on foreign proceed further in the Inquiry into the Caule of the forth. That the Petitioners perceive from the Votes of Linens. Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Aftkrn last this House, that a Petition is presented for the faking off Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the com- the Drawbackson foreign Linens; and representing to the bined Fleets of Franc4and Spain. House, That very large Quantities of the Manufactories, you. 24. wherein

824

2 1° Martii.

A. 1744.

wherein the Petitioners are employed, depend, in great measure, on the Trade between those Countries abroad, where Linens are made and (old; and that if a further Burthen should be laid on foreign Linens, the Petitioners have too much Reason to fear, that great Duties will be laid abroad, to the Loss of the valuable Exportation of the^Janufactories which the Petitioners are so largely concerned in: And therefore praying. That the House will please to take their same into Consideration, before they come to any Resolution to take off the Drawbacks, or to increase the Burthen at present lying upon foreign Linens.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Mar nufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

Preventing An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the

stealing Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares,

mem* c. jn J3Uj]j;ngS^ Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hooper's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Will. for impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain EffeCls mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Bajfet Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir James Grant, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Speke, Mr. Winford, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Alderman Lambert, Mr. Mellish, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. fVodehouse, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote, Mr. Southwell\ Mr. Ftllowes. Lord Strange Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Granard-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Saville have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Preservation A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

of public thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Roads. Knntsford, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already (land, are under great Hard ships, upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the fame, by reducing the Number of Horses for the Drawing of a Waggon to less than Six Horses, would be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House wiU be plealed to take the Calc of the Petitioners into Con,-lideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall fcem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Bill forgiving a public Reward to such Person or Discoverir* Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a North *u West Passage through Htidson's Straits, to the Westenf and Southern Ocean of America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eans* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated at Michaelmas 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duty on Soapers Waste imported.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report, 13 February 1744, of Commissioners of Customs on the Petition of the Freeholders and Farmers of the County Palatine of Lancaster, praying to be relieved in relation io the Duties on Soapers Waste imported, be referred to the said Com- , mittee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Petition of several Freeholders, &c. of the County of Lancaster, concerning the Importation of Soapers Waste, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Account of the Quantity of Soapers Waste imported into England in Three Years, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1743: distingnishing each Year, and each Port; be referred to the said Committee. '*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, foi\the House to Laws against resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Naming, consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Action r.?ar whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Touion. Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the;

Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, againty the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

JMr.

Committees.

Preservation of public Reads.

Doty on Malt.

18 Geo. II. 220 — 25

Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Iuefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Captain Harry Powlett), do attend the said Committee upon Tuef-day Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Amelia Boatswain of the Falcon Sloop, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Flowers Jones, late Mid-shipman of his Majesty’s Ship the Buckingham, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Hall, Gunner of his Majesty’s Ship the Somerset, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Samuel Powell, late of his Majesty’s Ship the Barfieur do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Kemp, late Midshipman in the Anne Galley Fireship, do attend the said Committee at the fame' time.

Ordered, That the several Committees, who are adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, do fit upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncc, 25° die Martii\

Anno 180 Georgii lldl Regis, 1745* Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That as the Laws already stand, the Petitioners are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now depending before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means to raise the Price of our Home Manufactures; so that they cannot be carried to foreign Markets upon an Equality with foreign Goods of the same Nature; and that the Stocking Weaving, the great and chief Manufactory of that Country, already lies under great Hard-{hips, by reason the French make up their Goods in a much (lighter Manner than we do, and of course fell them at a much lower Price; so that it is impossible for us to go to the foreign Markets upon an equal Footing; and that every Advance of Carriage (which mud of consequence follow the taking off the Number of Horses now allowed by Act of Parliament) will enhance the Prices of our Commodity at the foreign Markers; and that as to other Commodities which the Petitioners deal in, by reason of the Uncertainty of Convoys, they are, in a great measure, forced to make use of Land Carriage, which is already lenfibly felt by the Trader and Consumer: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Sums of Money remain in the VOL. 24.

5 Martii. 825

Exchequer of the Surplus of the Duty on Malt granted for the Service of the Year 1743.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Prefemtloa thereunto subscribed, being traders in the Town of Whit- of Public church, in the County of Southampton: And also, Roads,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Borough of Southwark: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Froome;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; set-' ting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill now before this House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the Public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of raising the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Considerarion, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in Drawback Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about Fore, ga Oakhampton: And also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Borough of Ashburton\

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fee-ting forth. That a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further Encouragements to their Manufactures, and particularly by taking off die Drawbacks payable at present on the Exportation of foreign Linens: That such Linens are (though indirectly, yet in Reality) a Part of the Returns for British Woollen Manufactures wrought up by the Petitioners, and many Thousands other British Subjects, and exported to foreign Parts, to the great Advantage of this Kingdom: That the Petitioners have but too much Reason to apprehend, that if any further Burthen should be laid either on the Importation or Exportation of those Linens (which are already charged with Duties greatly exceeding those payable on our Woollen Manufactures abroad), it may be a Means of giving Occasion for the like or greater Dif-couragements to such of our Woollen Manufactures as are exported to foreign Parts, and may be attended with other Consequences very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That the said Drawbacks may not be taken off, or any further Discouragements given to the Importation of foreign Linens, Threads, and T apes.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in ip A Great

wrnmammm

»j£oogIe<

826 250 Martii.1745.

Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

Birmingham An ingrossed Bill for continuing, amending, and making Roads. more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 4. To leave out<c the Mayor and Recorder cc of Banbury for the T*ime being

Press £. L. 2. To leave out " the Mayor and Recorder <c of Banbury for the Time being/'

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of War- wick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster An ingrossed Bill for granting further Powers to the Bridge. Commissioners for buildinga Bridge cross the River ‘Thames,

from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be, An Act for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the . City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Separate In- Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom corporation the Bill for making the Surgeons of London, and the of Surgeons. Barbers of London, Two separate and distinct Corporations, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ways and Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com-Me*ns. mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eight hundred

thousand Pounds out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Duties payable on the Importation of Soapers Waste shall cease and determine.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Hemy Fox, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr.

Arundel, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jeffreys, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual justices of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Peace Quali-Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Nation. Justices of the Peace was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Claufp was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to prevent a Proceeding upon subsequent Actions after an Action brought for an Offence against this Act.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And there being a Blank left in the Bill for the Tide thereof to be inserted, the same was inserted at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the under-signed Merchants, and other Drawback! Persons, concerned as well in the Manufacture of Woollen ox] Foreign Cloths, as in the Trade thereof, in behalf of themselves, Liaen5, and many other residing in and about the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That a Petition hath been presented to this House by sundry Persons, Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further Encouragements to their Manufactures; and setting forth. That the taking off the Drawbacks at present payable on the Re-exportation of foreign Linens may greatly contribute thereto; and reprfcfenting to the House, That as very great Quantities of Woollen Cloths, made by the Petitioners, and many Thousands of other British Subjects, are vended or exported to Germany, and other foreign Parts, from whence large Quantities of Linens are sent in Return, on which the Duries payable here, as the Petitioners apprehend, do greatly exceed those charged on our Manufactures abroad, the Petitioners are under the greatest Apprehension, that if any further Burthen should be laid either on the Importation or Exportation of foreign Linens, it may occasion the like or greater Discouragements to be given to our Woollen Manufactures exported to those foreign Parts; which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners in particular, and to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Foreign Linens may not be taken off, nor any further Burthens laid thereon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Importw next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation and Wearing of Cambricks s

and Lawns.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing

0

18 Geo. II, 250 M 827

Coort Mar- cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, 27. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Wilkie, Se-

Griffin *' presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his cond Lieutenant of the Sunderland:

Majesty, Copies of the Depositions, Examinations, and 28. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Harrison,

all other Papers relating to the Condu# of the Four Cap- Third Lieutenant of the Sunderland:

tains j viz. Griffin, Mqftyn, Brett, and Fowke, on their late 29. Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Jalabert and

Cruize to the West ward; together with all the Proceedings Neville to Mr. Corbett, dated 18 March 1744:

of the Court Martial holden at Portsmouth, before Vice 30. Copy of a Deposition of George Walker, late Corn-

Admiral Stewart, on the Thirty-first Day of January last, mander of the Mars Privateer, &c. &c.

to examine into the Condu# of the said Captains: Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. to be perused by the Members of the House.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth; The said Papers are bound up with the ocher Papers of viz. this Session.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Captain Moflyn, of the Hampton Court, to Mr. Corbett, dated 23 January 1744: A Petition of Nathanael Paice, of London, Merchant, Merchants

2. Extra# of Captain Mojtyri s Journal: on the behalf of Robert Burridge, Executor of John Bur- Claims on

3. Copy of a Letter from Captain Brett, of the Sun- ridge, late of Lyme Regis, Merchant, being offered to be SpaiD%

derland, to Mr. Corbett, dated 24th January 1744: presented to the House;

4. Copy of a Letter from Captain Mojlyn, of the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s

Hampton Court, to Mr. Corbett, dated 28th January Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty hav-1744: ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition,

5. Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

to Vice Admiral Steuart, to inquire into the Conduct of Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-the Captains of the Hampton Court, Captain, Dreadnought, ting forth. That, on or about the Month of October 1718, and Sunderland, in relation to the Escape of Two French the Ship Satisfaction of Lyme, James Peryman, then Corn-Men of War from them: mander, with a Loading of Fish on Account of the said

6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hum. Harris to Mr. John Burridge, and others, did depart from Newfound-Corbett, dated ift February 1744; inclosing the Result land, bound co Oporto; and, on or about the Third Day of the Court Martial held on the Captains of the Hampton of November following, the said Ship and Loading was,

Court, Captain, Sunderland, and Dreadnought: by Stress of Weather, driven into the Harbour of Vigo,

7. The Result of a Court Martial held on the Captains where the said Ship and Loading was seized, although

of the Hamptdn Court, Captain, Sunderland, and Dread- there was no War then declared in Spain between the King-nought: doms of Great Britain and Spain, as will appear by the

8. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Hum. Harris to Mr. Deposition of the said James Peryman; which Deposition,

Corbett, dated 9th February 1744; inclosing Minutes of with other Documents relating to this Affair, were, by the Proceedings of the Court Martial held on the Cap- Order of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, tains of the Hampton Court, Captain, Sunderland, and delivered to his Majesty’s Commissaries at the Court of Dreadnought: Spain, in the Year 1730: That, some Time since, a Com-

9. Copy of Minutes of the Proceedings of a Court million issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have

Martial held on the Captains of the Hampton Court, Cap- arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards at the Commence-tain, Sunderland, and Dreadnought: ment of the prefenc War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers

10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hum. Harris to Mr. by Spanish Depredations; but that the Commissioners

Corbett, dated 9th February 1744; inclosing an Extra# therein named, are impowered to settle and adjust the from the Hampton Court's Log Book: Claims of such only as had sustained Losses from the Year

11. Extra# of the Hampton Court's Log Book: 1721: That a Petition has been lately presented to the

12. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Mackdonald, House by several Merchants in London, who sustained

First Lieutenant of the Hampton Court: Losses by Spanish Depredations before the Year 1721,

13. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Trant, Se- praying Relief for their Losses out of the Sixty thousand

cond Lieutenant of the Hampton Court: Pounds granted by Parliament for that Purpose; which

14. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Claus, Third Petition has been referred to a Committee: And there-

Lieutenant of the Hampton Court: fore (the Petitioner conceiving the said Robert Burridge

15. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Irvine, is equally intitled to Relief with others, who suffered about

Fourth Lieutenant of the Hampton Court: the same time, and on the like Occasion) praying, That the

16. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Cathcart, House will be pleased to take the same under their Confi-

of Colonel Lowther's Marines, on board the Hampton deration, and do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Court: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

17. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Vans, of sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Colonel Lowther's Marines, on board the Hampton several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain,

Court: and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and

18. Copy of the Deposition of John Kirk, Gunner of alJfo the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are re-

the Hampton Court: ferred 5 and that they do examine, and state to the House,

19. Copy of the Deposition of Benjamin Hunter, Boats- the Matter of Fa# contained in this Petition, wain of the Hampton Court:

20. Copy of the Deposition of Captain Fowke of the A Petition of Sir Robert Willimott Knight, being offered Ditto.

Dreadnought: to be presented to the House;

21. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Cockburne, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's

First Lieutenant of the Dreadnought: Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-

22. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Clments, ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition,

Second Lieutenant of the Dreadnought: recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

23. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Beamish, Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-

Third Lieutenant of the Dreadnought: ting forth, That the Petitioner, with Lambert Ludlow

24. Copy of the Deposition of Robert Wilkinson, Master Esquire, and Captain Richard Devon, were Owners of a

of the Dreadnought: Ship called the Adventure, of which Charles Devon was

25. Copy of the Deposition of Lewis Allen, Purser Commander; which Ship, with a full Loading of Sair,

of the Dreadnought: failed with the rest of the Fleet bound to New England,

26. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Kerby, First from the I (land of Tortudas, on the 15 th March 1727,

Lieutenant of the Sunderland: and was taken the same Day, after Resistance, with several

Vqi, 24. other

828 250 Martii. ’ 1745.

Merchants Claims on Spain.

other Ships, by a Spanish Guarda Costa, or Man of War, named the Infanta, of Cadiz, Don Juan Francisco Mil-lav, Commander, assisted by a Sloop, by which they lost their Ship and Cargo: That the Petitioner was examined at the Bar, before a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, was referred, and did there, on nth March 1728, prove the said Capture and Loss: That Richard Devon, who was One-third concerned, took the Care of applying: about this Affair, and told the Petitioner he had dpne what was proper therein: That Lambert Ludlow Esquire, and Captain Richard Devon, are both dead, the latter many Years: That the Petitioner applying to the Cdm-millioners appointed to distribute the Moiety of the Net Produce of the Effects taken from the King of Spain and his Subjefb, to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations, within a Time limited, in which Time the Loss happened, was answered, to his Surprize, that they had no Account of his Loss, and could not admit the Owners of this Ship and Cargo to any Parr of the Monies they are to distribute: That the Commander of this Ship, Charles Devon, and his Mate, are both in London, and do remember, but particularly the Captain, that they were at some Place to give an Account of this Loss with Captain Devon, but it being upwards of Sixteen Years since, they cannot, with Certainty, recollect where it was: And therefore the Petitioner, in behalf of himself, and the Representatives of Lambert Ludlow Esquire, and Captain Richard Devon, deceased, as the Account of his Loss hath been mislaid in some Office, in all Probability, prays the House to take their hard same into Consideration, and grant they may be permitted, on proving the Loss, to partake of the £.60,000 given by Parliament towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty’s Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal* Spain> and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, andftate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for John Green, Owner of the Sloop Endeavour, Giles Gibbs Matter, and Owner of Part of the Cargo on board her; as also Agent for Samuel Holmes, another Freighter in the said Sloop, taken by the Spaniards; being offered to be presented to the House:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the ConGderation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Sloop Endeavour, Giles Gibbs Matter, was, on the 11th of February 1727-8, taken by a Spanish Guarda Costa, Nicholas Duan Commander, and carried into Baraco, on the I (land of Cuba, and afterwards to Saint Jago, where the said Sloop was condemned, together with all the Cargo on board (the Petitioners Interest therein), amounting in the whole to £. 800 Sterling dnd upwards, of which the Petitioner hath proper Proofs to produce, which he received but in the Year 1742: That the said John Green, Owner of the said Sloop Endeavour, and the other Freighter of Goods on board her, are his Majesty’s Subjects, living at Rhode-Island in New-England: That by the Commission lately ifi'ued by his Majesty, for distributing to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations the Moiety of the Prizes taken from the Spaniards at the breaking out of the present War, it is therein provided, That, with respect to the Losses before the Treaty of Seville, bearing Date the 9th of November 1729, no Persons are intitled to any Share of the Prise

Money, whole Claims were not entered, and Proofs exhibited, before the 30th of June 1743, to the Commis-faries, or some proper Office in London; and thereby, through the Petitioner’s Inadvertency, they are excluded from any Benefit arising out of the said Moiety of Prize Money, in not exhibiting their Claim before the said 30th of June 1743, was occasioned by their not

knowing the Limitation of the Time for exhibiting of the said Claim: And therefore praying the House to take the unfortunate same of the said Sufferers into ConGderation, and to grant them Relief out of the Sixty thousand Pounds granted by Parliament, in the Year 1739, to answer what had been acknowleged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, upon the Convention between those Two Kingdoms, although the Petitioners have not gone through all the necessary Forms, as some other of the Sufferers have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and It ate to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

A Petition of John Stretch Merchant, together with an Account thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and the said Petition was read; setting forth, That, upon the Embarkation of his Majesty’s Forces for Flanders, John Ellis Esquire was appointed Director General of the Hospital to be established for the Sick and Wounded, and appointed John IValmeJly and James Breme his Deputies: That an Hospital was established in Ghent, in September 1742, for the Reception of the said vSick and Wounded, and was supplied with Provisions and Necessaries by the said Deputies: That in the Month of March 1743, when the said Forces marched for Germany, a flying Hospital was ordered to attend the fame, and the said James Walmefly acted as Director to such Hospital, and employed the Petitioner as his Assistant: That the flying Hospital was first established at Nied* about Four Miles from Frankfort* and afterwards was ordered to Hannau, and then removed to Feckenheim and Bergball, and on the nth of June 1743, kid IValmefley employed the Petitioner as Purveyor, and from that Time, till the 20th of October following, the Petitioner acted as such, and disbursed several large Sums of Money for Provisions and Necessaries for the said Hospital, and received several Sums at different Times on account of his Disbursements, for which he always gave Receipts; and that there is now due to the Petitioner the Sum of £.3,058. 6. 8, as will appear by the annexed Account: That the Number of Men charged for in the said flying Hospital in Germany, from the 18th of May to the 20th of October following, reckoning the Men every Day in such Hospital, was 173,856 in the whole; and the Provisions bought for and expended by them, amounted only to £. 9,114. 5. 3; which makes the Charge of each Man Twelve Pence Halfpeny and One-Gxteenth Part of a Peny per Diem: That the said IValmefley gave the Petitioner the Specimen of an Account of the Expences of the Hospital at Ghent, from the 5th of September 1742, to the 24th of December following, both Days inclusive, whereby it will appear that each Man was charged, One with another, at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten Pence Halfpeny per Diem; and the said Walmesley inGfted, that the Petitioner should make out a general Account after that Rate, which the Petitioner absolutely refused to comply with, as he could not justify the same by his Vouchers; for that che same Number of Men charged at is, ioij per Diem each, would amount to £-16,299, which would be an Overcharge to the Public of £,7,184. 14. 9, at which Rate the said Wal-tnejley has declared to the Petitioner he would make out his Account, notwithstanding the Petitioner has all the Vouchers in his Custody: That the Number of Men charged for in the Hospital at Ghent, from the said Fifth fc of

Stretch's Army HofpN tal Atcounts.

18 Geo. II, 25° Martii. 829

of September to the 24th of December, reckoning the Men every Day in such Hospital, was 11,859, and the Diet for the said Men was charged at £. 1,122. 17. 3J, which, is for each Man One Shilling and Ten Pence Halfpenny per Diemwhereas itich Diet ought to have been charged only at Ten Pence per Diem, Provisions being Forty per Cent. cheaper there than when the Hospital was in Germany; so that there was an Overcharge for the said 11,859 Men of £617. 13. of; and if the Number of Sick and Wounded Men are 1,00o per Diem, which is a moderate Computation in an Army of 28,000 Men, and their Diet is charged after the same Rate, the Government will be overcharged at least £.20,010. 8. 4. per Annum: That the Petitioner has frequently applied to the said IValmefiey to settle the Accounts with, and for the Payment of the Balance due to, the Petitioner, but to no purpose, the Petitioner having refilled 10 (late the Charges in the general Account at so high a Rare as the said IViilmejley desired; by means whereof the Petitioner has been kept out of his Money One Year and an half, and pays Interest for the greatest Parc of it, he having raised the same on his own Credit, by Bills of Exchange: That Five Pence per Diem is stopt out of every Man’s Pay as long as he remains in the Hospital, towards his Subsistenee, which is called Return-money; and there is now remaining in the Hands of 'Thomas Orby Hunter Esquire, De-r puty Paymaster of his Majesty’s Forces in Flanders, £.3,622, being the whole Money stopt out of the Pay of the sick Men who were in the flying Hospital, while under the Direction of the said Walmesley: And therefore praying the House to cake the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Oswald, General Onslow, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grants Majoi General Campbell, Lord Granard, General Pulteney, Mr. Bitty Mr. Southwell, General Sinclair, General Oglethorpe, Sir John Turner, Mr. Stew071, Mr. Charles Pe bam. Admiral Vernon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. WPkinJon, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Edwin, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Chester, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Trelawney, Mr Plumptre; Mr. Ross, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Douglas, Sir Wat. M'ms Wynne, Mr, Brookjbank, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Winford, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Barrington, Mr. Gray, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Laroche: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

WoollenMa- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to mi&i&ure. resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next,

Preservation The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur-of public ther Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being, for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sipply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

VOL. 24.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to York Build* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing* Com-to consider of the Report from the Committee, to piol* whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whose-Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Drawbacks resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Foreign Li-consider of the Report from the Committee to whom ncn* the Petition of the Merchants and others of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens,

Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, oh behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred;

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Linen Manufacture, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from Christ-. mas 1734 to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year (which Account was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of May 1743), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Farts, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1743, inclusive, distinguishing each Year (which Account was preHnred to the House upon the 8 th Day of February 1743J, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon (which Account was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for Seven Years; viz. from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1742 (which Account was presented to the House upon the !2d Day of March 1743), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year (which Account was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British and Irish Linens exported to the British Plantations, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Chrflmas 1736 to Christmas 1741, inclusive, distinguishing each Year (which Account was presented to the House upon the 27 th Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from England and Germany, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1742* distinguishing each Year, and also diflinguKh-ing how much by Woollen Manufactures, how much by other British Manufactures, and how much by foreign Commodities, re-exported; as also how much by Linens, and how much by other foreign Commodities, imported (which Account was presented to the House upon the Fourth Day of April 1744), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the total Amounts of the Value of all Exports and Imports, to and from Eng*

xo B Uni /

tttiUay

I ' .1

r - -O - 7

IT-7*:’

-/J

Laws against Gaming.

Drawback on Foreign Linens.

Faxton In-ciofure.

8$d 1Martti. 1745.

&#£aftd Germany, for Fifteen Years, ending at Christmas tfho serve for the Cotfrity &TNorthampton: And they are’

1742, distinguishirtgeach Year (which Account was pre- to meet this Afternoon at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speakers’ fenced to the House upon the 12th Day of March 1743)1 Chamber.

be; referred to the said Cdrftmittee.

Then the Hotffe eelblyed kfeif toto the said Com- ‘ The House being informed, that Mr. Daw/bn, frostt -Datr on iDittee. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Malt.

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the'

Mr. Hoofer took the Chair of the Committee. House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what

cMr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sums of Money remain in the Exchequer^ of the Surplus'

‘ Mr. Hooper repotted from the Cortimittee, That of the Duties On Malt, granted For the Service of

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had the Year 1743.

dire<5fii3 /him to report, \vhen the Houft will please to re- And then He withdrew. r

ceive the fame.*: And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Morhiitg.1 > ": v !,) " '1‘v to be perused by the Members of the House.

: o- /Jii.j.t . -I; The said Account is bound up with the other

1 r The other Order of the Day befog 1-efed 5 "l' Papers of chis Session.

' Rtfihfedy That this House will, To-m6rrow Morning, '

rpfolvc itself into & Committee of the whole House, to An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parry’* qbnfider further of the Bill to explfain, amend, and make for Sale of the settled and unfetded Estates of William ’Eta*-moreicSedlual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive Parry Esquire; and for purchasing another Estate, of dficfcitful Gaming* - equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; vj -AndT then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, was read a Second time.

: Morning, Niue <3>f the Clock. Resolveedy That the Bill be committed td Mr. Carew,

__________; Dr. Cotes, Dr. Butler, Sir Nmhatidd Curioriy Mr.’

— Brookjbank, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Duppfin;

Mart is 26° die Martii* Mr. Wufcrdy Mr. Hooper, Mr. Scnthwelly Sir John'

9 9 ’ Rushout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Long; Sir

Anno i8* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745* Charles Kem. 'Tynte, Mr. Bowes', Mr. Finch, Mr. Torke,

; _ Admiral Vernon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wcdchouse> Sir John

Prayers. - Strange, - Mr. Fell owe5, Mr. Walter, Mr: Proby, Lord

A PETITIONmf the Manufacturh-s of, and Traders Perceval, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr!Fo-in, Woollen Yarn Hose, and also of others, in and fy senior, Mr. Hill, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Lee Innere» near the Town of Perjbore, in Wortefterlhiroy in behalf Mr. Compton, Lord Granard, Sir James Grant; and all of themselves, and many more, whole chief Livelihood the Members ^ho serve for the Counties of Monmouth and Subsistence depend upon the said Manufacture, was and Gloucester, and for the Principality of Wales: And* presented to the House, and read; setting. forth, That they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Hose manufactured jn that Couritry are rboftly ex- the Speaker’s Chamber,;

ported to, and conformed in-, those Parts of German) from

whence Linens are imported into this Kingdom; and Ordered, That Mr. Lechmere have Leave to go into, L-aveof

that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if an additional Bur- the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. then should be laid on Linens imported from thence, it cafions. will occasion additional DjUties to be laid there, on our

Woollen Goods exported, which may be the Means of A Bill to repair and widen the Road leading from a Godmm-

losing this ufeftil Branch of Trade! And therefore pray- piace called the Horseshoe Corner, in the Town of Godman- chester>

ing the House, That the Drawbacks on foreign Linens chester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Towns"Roadl

may not be taken off, nor any additional Duty laid of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a House called the

thereon. First Rubbing House, on Newmarket Heath, in the County

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

until the Report be received from the Committee of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Dr.

the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Sir N Mr. Torke, Sir John

of the Report from the Committee to whom the Pe- Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. proby. Sir John Philipps,. Mr.'

tition of the Merchants, and others, of Great Britain Winford, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Finch, Lord

and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Perceval,. Dr. Cotes, Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, Shuttleworth, Mr. Packer, Mr. Gajbry, Sir Robert Long, .7- .

whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- Mr. Hid, Mr. Cornewall, Admiral Mathews, Mr. Ca-

selves, and many others concerned and employed in the rew, Lord Granard, Mr. Fox, Mr. iValter, Mr.

said Manufactures, was referred. Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Williams, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wynne, Sir James Grant, Mr.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields Fane, Lord Limerick, Sir Lyfier Holt, Mr. Brookjbank, in Paxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County Mr, West, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Montagus, Admiral Ver-of Northampton; and for giving a Recompence to the ton, Lord Carpenter-, and all the Members who serve,

Rector of the said Parish, in lieu of hisTythes of the for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, said common Fields; was read a Second time. and Bedford-. And they are to meet this Afternoon at t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: ,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Torke, Mr. Packer, Mr. Winford,

Lord Limerick, Dr. Butler, Mr, Garew, Sir James Grant, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ju’.lian’i,

Dr. Cotes, Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mordaunt, for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Ju/lian, Peter Sapte, Nat.

Lord Perceval, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Lechmere, Lord and Thomas Sapte, was read a Second time.

George Graham, Sir Nathanael Curtcon, Sir Charles Kem. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winford,

Tynte, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Wodehouse, Sir John Barring-

Bowles, Mr. WeJU Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lascelles, Mr . Lef-ton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Brookjbank, Admiral Vernon, ... t ley,-. Lord Granard, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr.

Hooper, Sir James Bouverie, Mr. Pratt, Mr . Brookjbank, Hooper, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Laroche, Sir Nathanael Cur-Ms. Harvey, MuHoblyn, Mr. Gybbon, Admirsl Town/- SW James Admiral Mathews, Mr. Gore,

end. Lord Hupplm, Mr. Cur sum; and alt the Members Mr. Mr. Carew, Mr. Fellowes, Dr. Cotes, Sirv

V . ’ - 5 Roger

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, &c.

Merchants* Claims on Spain.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeons.

18 Geo. II. 26° Martiu«. 83 i

Roger Newdigate, Mr. Walter, Mr.. Lajcellts, Mr. the Bril for making the Surged ns of London and the Bat-Bowles, Lord Perceval, Mr. West, Sir Lyfler Holt, bers of London Two fcparace and distinct Corporations,

Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fane, Captain Bojcawen, Mr. was committed, be now read.

Pratt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Speke: And they are to meet And the said Order being read accordingly;

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's The House proceeded to take the said Report iritto

Chamber. Consideration. ...

And the said Report was read.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, And several of the Amiendmetfti,* itoade by the.Com- . k

a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money mitteeto the said Bill, being severally read a Second time,:

out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the -Hwere, upon the Qddftiort fevehiHy put thereupon. With Service of the Year 1745 > and for repealing the Duiids an Amendment to One of them,; fcgaed to upon Soapecs Waste imported: And the same was it- House

reived j and read the First time. <; Ordered) That ihe furthe'r Corrfkkratrort <flP ihcf'said 'a

Rojolvsd, That the Bill be read a Second rimew: Report be adjourned till To-tooitqW) Morning. '1^ 7nl

’ i-'’' ' ‘ rjiiy, - 'T 'tM

A Petition of Join Crqffittg, of the City of Exohi £rid . Mr. Hopper, according to OKkr^ repbtted] frorty f|e Drawbackon EJlber his Wife, Adrrtinillratrix of, Nathanael Bttjfell; late ! Committee of the yrhofe House, to whom;it was referred Foreign Li-,lof the City of Exon, Merchant, deccafed, andiof Honour to considerof the Report from the.lo<Wh$fln n9au Bujfdly of the said City,. Widow, the Administracrix of -the Potion of therMcfichantSuahti,<tfher$;iOf Qrtat Bri-Philip Bujfell, lace of the said City, Merchant, deceased tain and Ireland,. Dealers 1 say And MafrOfefluws of, Li-^which laid Nathanael Buffed and Philip' Buffett* and nens. Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Thomas Elliott, late of the said City, Vintner, deceased, -Ireland,?whole Narpe$.are theiTeunto^ftjbfcfibj^di bp be- ^01 and Sir Thomas Bury, late of the said City, Knight, de- ,h^lf of themselves, andf many others concerned and c|^t- nc -oi ceased, and Edward Bury, late of the1 said City, Merchant, plpycd in the said Manufactures, was refcrredj the Refo-deceased, and Earljman Peachy, late of Exmouth, in the lutions which &£ Committee had directed him to report County of Devon, Merchant, deceased, were foie OWnbrs |to the Hfoufej which he read in his Places and after-of a Merchant Ship called the Loyalty, whereof Thomas wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same , Roitpll was Ma(ler> and of her Cargo therein after men- were read; and are as followeth; viz. doned), as well on their own Behalfs, as on the Behalfs Resolve'ed, That the Opinion of this Committee, of the Representativts of the said Sir Thomas Bury, Ed- That, the Bounty granted upon the Exportation of British ward Bury, Thomas Elliott, and Earljman Peachy, being and Irish Linens froi$ Great Britain, be extended to , Llnens . offered to be presented to the House; , exported to Gibraltar and the I (land of Minorca.

Mr. Secretary at Waf, by his. Majesty's Command, f Rffolved, That ic is^the Opinion of this Committee, acquainted the Housej That his Majesty, having been in- That a further Allowance of One Halfpenyper Yard, upon formed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends all British and Irish Linens, of the Value of Four Pence it to the ConfideFarion of the House': -Ier Yard, and not exceeding Twelve Pence Ya*d, will

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; be proper to be allowed, as an additional Bounty, on the setting forth, That, in the Year 17.1.8, the aforesaid Na- Exportation thereof

thanael Bujfell, Philip Buffed, Thomas Elliott, Sir Thomas Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee,

Bury, Edward Bury, and Earifman Peachy, were the foie That an Allowance of the Sum of Three Halfpence per Owners of a Ship or Vessel called the Loyalty, whereof Yard, upon all British and Irish Linens,’ of above the the said Thomas Rowell was Mailer, and also of her Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, and nor, exceeding Cargo, which confided of New Eng'and Fish, and bound is. 6 d. per Yard, wi|l be a proper Bounty upon the from New England to Spain-, and char, in her Voyage, . Exportation thereof , 3f.

the said Ship was taken by the Spaniards, in the Month Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this 'Committee, of November 1718, and the Loss sustained thereby to the That the said Bounties be paid out of the additional Duty said Owners amounted to the Sum of £.2,258. 11. o on Cambricks, granted to his Majesty by the Act, made Sterling Money, an Account whereof was delivered to in the 15th and 16th Years of his Majesty's Reign, the Commissaiies appointed for settling the Spanish Depre- The First Resolution of the Committee* being read a dations; but that, through Inadvertency, and by means Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, of the Deaths of the Owners, from time to rime, and agreed to by the Houfp.

other Accidents, no other Measures were pursued td ob- The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read tain Satisfaction for the said Loss: That a Petition of fe- a Second time;

veral Merchants, who are likewise Sufferers by Spanish Ordered, That the said Resolution, and also the Two Depredations, in and from the Year *718 to the Year subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee, be re-1721, is now before the House, praying rhat they may committed.

have Satisfaction for their Losses, out of the £.60,000 Ordered, That the said Resolutions be re-committed to

granted by the House, the 14th Day of May 1739, to a Committee of the whole House.

answer what had been acknowleged to be due from Great . Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Britain to Spain: And therefore praying, That the Loss resolve itself into the said Committee, of the said Ship and her Cargo may be taken into Confi-

dcration, and that the Petitioners, and the ocher Repre- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and fentatives of the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, may Mr. Bennett: have such Share of the £.6o,qoo, in respect of their Loss, Mr. Speaker,

as shall be allotted to other Merchants, although the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act County Owners did not go through all the necessary Forms as to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections Election*-some have done. of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Part of Great Britain called England, with some Amend-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of ments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, Concurrence of this House: And also,

and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County

And that they do examine, and state to the House, the of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the Matter of Fa£l contained in this Petition. End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, without any

Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for taking into The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hobbes^ Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Effaces of Rodolph

' Vol. 24. Hobbes

83*

26° — 270 MartiL

A.

1745-

Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, irt the County of Bucks, for tdischarging Incumbrances afiefting the fame; and for making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being House. read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Discoverie* t The Orderof the Day being read, for the House to in Hudson’i resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ajr* the Bill for giving a public Reward to such Person or

r, /; ‘ Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a North-

! weft Passage through Hudjons Straitsi to the Western and; Southern Ocean of America;

Resolvetd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Action near The House, according to Order, reffolved itself into a Toulon. - Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Caule of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet, in the Action last Year, near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Iburjday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Law* against Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Gaming. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider/urther of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual," the Laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

Regulation Ordered, That Mr. Portman, Mr. Alderman Gibbon, of Carts and, sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. London.1*1 Henry Archer, Mr. Montague, Mr. Walter, Lord Car-

f enter, Sir John Rushout, Sir Miles Stapylton; be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, using Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2J° die Mar tit;

Anno i8# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745. Prayers.

Lioeiwre- HP HE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford,

exported.* A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of foreign linens re-

exported to the Plantations, from Christmas 1737, tQ Christmas 1743, with the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereupon; distinguishing irach Species and each Year: Andalfo,

An Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into Foreign England from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1742, to Liner*s Christmas 1743, inclusive. porlc

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Three last -Resolutions. Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland,

Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manu^ fastures, was referred, are re-committed.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hobbe*’ for the Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Redolph Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Grove have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Separate In-adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- corporation mittee, to whom the Bill for making the Surgeons of Lon- Sur&#0M* don and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report: And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed toby the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Williams reported from the Committee, to whom RobinfbnV the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesea, for Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to Wright*

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Eftuc. Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of Wilts, comprised in the Marriage Settler ment of Robo t Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to sell the same, for raising Money to purchase an intire Farih in

the

18 Geo. II. 27° Martii.833

the County of Suffolk, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Regulating Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom

Fawibroker*. the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons under the Denomination of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, and confidened the said Petition; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confident ion Tomorrow Morning.

Com used in' Mr. Alderman Gibbon reported from the Committee, to

Distillaiion. whom the Petition of several Yeomen, Fanners, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, was referred; and to whom the Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers of Raft Kent was also referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove what was alleged in the First Petition, the ACta of Parliament recited therein were read; the First of which, being an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the Encouraging of the Distilling of Brandy from Corn, recites. That by an Act, made in the First Year of their said Majesties Reign, for prohibiting Commerce with France, all Brandies, Aqua Vit*e, and Spirits, were prohibited to be imposed into this Kingdom; and that good and whole-fomt Brandies, Aqua Vitae, and Spirits, might be drawn from malted Corn; and therefore, for encouraging the Making of Brandies, strong Waters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage in this Kingdom, imposed a Duty of One Peny only on every GaiJon of low Wines of the First Extraction, drawn from Drink brewed and made of any sort of malted Corn; and likewise imposed the several Duties of Eight Pence, Twelve Pence, and Three Pence, on every Gallon of low Wines made or drawn from the several other Materials therein mentioned; and makes Provision for obliging Distillers to draw their low W ines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink made of malted Corn intirely, without any Mixture with any Melasses, Walh, or Tilts, or other Materials whatsoever; and, for encouraging the Exportation of Brandies or Spirits made from malted Corn, allows a Drawback of Three Pence for every Gallon of such Brandy or Spirits, without any Mixture with other Materials.

This Act was continued by another Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William.

And by the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William, for granting several n w Duties on low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, the like Drawback of Three Pence upon the Exportation of

Vol. 24.

every Gallon of Spirits or Brandy, made from malted Corn used Corn oply, is allowed. Distillatia-

The Act, made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Encouragement of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, allows a Drawback, upon Exportation, of £. 4. i8j. for every Tun of such Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn; and also, a Bounty of £. 1. 10s* when Barley is at 24 j. per Quarter, or under.

After which, several Witnesses were examined, with regard to that Part of the said Petition which complains of a Decrease in the Consumption of Corn, by Distillers uling Corn unmalted.

And the Evidence given to that Point was to the EffeCb following:

Mr. Stephen South, Dealer in Spirits, said. That Four Parts in Five of the Corn from which Distillers at present draw their Spirits are unmalted: That, in 1739, he saw an Instance of this Practice at a Distiller’s at Deptford, and counted the Sacks of malted and unmalted Corn, as they were emptied into the Tun.

Mr. William Harvest, Malt Distiller, said; That, during the Time he was concerned in the Business of Distilling, which was from 1726 to 1737, Two Parts in Three of the Corn used in drawing Spirits were generally malted; but that he had heard, that the greatest Part of the Corn used of Jate is unmalted*

He said likewise, That about Twelve Quarters of Barley produce One Tun of Spirits; which, if drawn from Malt, will require Fourteen Quarters, and thereby occasion an additional Expence of about £. 3. 12 s. each Tun; and that Spirits drawn from Barley are not, as he apprehends, so good as Spirits drawn from Malt.

Mr. Thomas "Waite, Farmer, said. That the Distillers never use worse Corn than the Maltsters: That they will not buy sprouted Corn, because their Spirits excel in Goodness proportionably to the Goodness of the Corn; and that therefore Corn, when it is bad, must be a great Loss to the Farmers, if they cannot fat Hogs with it.

Mr. John Parker, Farmer, said. That he grows 400 Quarters of Bailey in a Year: That he sold to a Distiller iome damaged Corn, that was capable of being malted, for 20 s, per Quarter, when the Price of other Corn was at 24 s. per Quarter:

That some Part of sprouted Corn is capable of being malted; but that not above One-half of mow-burnt Corn will malt, as had been found upon Trial.

Being asked the Question, he said. That if Distillers were prohibited the Use of unmalted Com, there would be a great Quantity yearly that could not be malted, from which Spirits might be drawn; but that the Farmers might, as he believed, use all of it themselves in feeding Hogs and Horses; and that the Consumption thereof this Way would be more beneficial than any Advantage they can make of it at present.

Mr. Timothy Child> Farmer, said, That Corn in wet Harvests is frequently very much sprouted; and that One-half of it will not then malt.

Which was also confirmed by Mr. Pope, Farmer, who grows Seven or Eight hundred Quarters of Barley in One Year, and fells the same to Maltsters; and who added likewise, that he never had any Corn incapable of being malted during the time he has been in Business, which is about Four Years; but that there is, in bad Harvests in England, Corn that cannot be malted; and that mow-burnt Com will not malt: That he has had Com very bad, with which he would have fed Hogs, had lie had Opportunity; and that other Farmers feed Hogs and Horses with damaged Corn: That he has offered to fell Corn to a Distiller; but he would not give the Price for it the Maltster would.

Mr. Ralph Porter, Maltster, said, That the Distillers using such a large Quantity of Corn unmalted, lessens the Consumption of Corn, diminishes the Malt Duty, and deprives the Maltsters of the Profit of the Manufactory; which he demonstrated in the following Manner.

10 C He

Corn used in Distillation.

276 Martii. 1745.

He said, That, upon Trial of the Experiment, he found that Eight Busheis of clean Barley weighed 408 Pounds; and that Eleven Busheis of Malt, made from the same Barley, weighed 407 Pounds; so that, according to this Proportion, the Weight of 100 Quarters of Barley answers to the Weight of 137 Quarters Four Busheis of pale Malt:

That 131 Quarters of Barley will increase in the Malting to 137 Quarters Four Busheis.

Which Barley, computed at 14 s. per £.

Quarter, amounts to - - 91

The Six Quarters Four Busheis, increased in the Malting, computed at 20 s. per Quarter, amounts to -The Duty for malting the said 131 Quarters amounts to -The Manufacturing, at 2 s. per Quarter,

amounts to.....132 —

s. d. 14 —

6 10 —

26 4 —

In all - 137 10 —

Therefore, as the i§o Quarters of Barley are equal in Weight to 137 Quarters Busheis, when malted; which Barley, at 14J. per Quarter, amounts only to £. 70;

The Witness inferred, that the Distillers, using unmalted Corn, occasioned a Decrease in the Consumption of 31 Quarters of Barley in every 100;

which, at 14s. /^Quarter, amounts to - 21 14 —

And a Loss in the Malt Duty of 26 4 —

And to the Manufacturer of l3 2 —

And computing the Increase of Six Quarters Four Busheis, which is - 6 10

The whole Loss amounts to* - 67 10 —

He could give no satisfactory Answer, when lie was afkedr Whether 100 Quarters of Barley would make as much Spirit as-100 Quarters of Malt } but, in another Part of his Examination, he said, That he believed, if the Spirit could be got clean out of 10c Quarters of Barley, it would produce a Quantity equal to 137 Quarters Busheis of Malt, by reason the Weight of both is equal 5 and it is upon Weight that he grounded his Computation.’ He added further, That what Strength the Distiller doth not extra# in Spirit from Barley, when ground, remained in the Grains, which he gives to Hogs.

With regard to the additional Expence the Distillers would be at by the Use of malted Corn only; he said, he apprehended, that they are able to bear Part of that Expence; for that, before the late Duty was imposed, Distillers fold Spirits for£. 18 per Tun, but afterwards they made the Duty a Pretence for raising the Price to £. 24 per Tun.

Mr. William Harvest said. That he believed the additional Expence of Spirits, drawn from intire Malt, would be 7 d. per Gallon; but that the same would not necessarily occasion the Price to be raised; the present Profit of the Distillers being between Three and Four Pounds per Tun; though he doubted not they would raise the Price in proportion to their additional Expence; and that Spirits drawn from Malt would deserve an higher Price, being much better than those drawn from Barley.

Mr. South said. That One Tun of Malt Spirits, which is 252 Gallons, made into Gin, and retailed at Three Half-pence the Quarter of £. s. d. a Pint (which is 4s. per Gallon), amounts to 50. 8. —

That a Tun of Malt Spirits, sold at is. 10d. per Gallon from the Distiller, amounts to - 23 2 —

Which Spirits, if drawn intirely from Malt, would increase the Expence 7 d. per Gallon; which, for a Tun, amounts to- - - - - 7 7 —

So that, in that case, the Difference of the Profit between the Compctonder and Dealer is 1 s. 7 d. per Gallon, which for a Tun is - - - 19 19 —

j° 8-

That great Quantities of Gin are mixed One Third-part with Water, and is fold for 1 d. the Quarter of a Pint; which though it brings the Spirit to the same Price of £. 50. 8 s. per Tun, yet it occasions an Increase, for which no Com is con fumed, or any Duty paid:

That as the Profit upon every Tun of Spirits, drawn from Malt only, would (exclusive of the Distiller’s Profit) amount to/. *-9. 19J. per Tun, the Witness said, there would be no Reason tb apprehend, that any additional Expence would fall upon the Conl'umer; and consequently, that the Grower of Corn would sustain no Loss.

He ‘.aid, That unmalted Corn was at first made use of by the Distillers, under Pretence of making a Paste of it to put round the Tun, to prevent their Spirits from evaporating; from which Time the Use of it has gradually increased to the present Proportion:

That, at the time when Distillers used malted Corn intirely, they fold their Spirits at is. 1 od. per Gallon; but that, about Two Years since, they raised the Price of Spirits from £. 18 to £.24per Tun; and that they have at present a very large Profit, besides the Advantage of feeding Hogs.

Mr. John Butterfield, a Farmer, who rents £ 300 per Annum, said, That the Price of Corn was reduced at the time Distillers raised the Price of Spirits, as mentioned by Mr. South; and that, was Corn to be sold at 24J. per Quarter, the Profit of the Distillers is so large, that they would have no Occasion to raise the Price of Spirits.

He said further, That there has been no considerable Exportation of Corn for many Years; and that the Price at present is so low, that it is impossible for the most industrious Farmer to gain a Livelihood: That, when j 00,000 Quarters are exported in any One Year, the Price is raised considerably; and that if Distillers were obliged to draw their Spirits from Corn malted, it would occasion an Increase in the Consumption of 300,00a Quarters every Year; from which a great Benefit would arise; whereas the Distillers Trade at present is a great Detriment to the Farmers; but he owned, the Distillers must pay for the Increase of that Consumption:

That he hath had large Quantities of Corn, in some Years, incapable of being malted, which he could make use of in feeding Hogs; and that were the Distillers to* use malted Corn only, the Farmers could feed Hogs as cheap as they; but now, by reason the Distillers buy only the best Corn, the damaged Corn is useless to the Farmers; ii being not worth their while to fat Hogs with it.

Mr. Harvest said, That the Distillers cannot use bad Corn unmalted, because it gives their Spirits a Taste; but that £oarfe smutty Wheat and Barley, when malted, will make good Spirits: That Distillers buy both good and bad Corn at Bear Key; and that, at present, the Farmers give their bad Corn to their Horses.

And he and Butterfield said likewise, That, in case the Distillers used none but malted Corn, they would then be obliged to buy the Farmers damaged Corn to fat their Hogs.

And the said Butterfield being asked, Whether a further Imposition of 4d. per Gallon on Spirits at the Still Head would be an Advantage to the Grower of Corn ? he said, He believed it would be greatly injurious to the Farmers; for that it would not increase the Consumption of Corn, and they would still suffer.

- Then,

18 Geo. II. 27® Martii. 35

Then, in order to prove that Hogs are fed with the Grains of unmalted Corn used by Distillers, and the

treat Detriment that Farmers sustain thereby, the Evidence given to the Committee was as follows: Mr. Thomas Waite said. That he has seen 2,000 Hogs fatting at one time in a Distillers Yard at Deptford: That they are not fed with Corn, but Distillers Wash, and other things by them used; whereby they are kept always drunk: That, by this Method, he said, a Hog will be fatted in about Twelve or Thirteen Weeks/; but that their Fat is only Greale or Tallow; and that he can, at the Market, distinguisti Hogs fed in this Manner from Hogs fed in the Country; and that he apprehends, the Flesh of Hogs fed by Distillers will not take Salt; but he never tried the Experiment:

That poor People, who have bought Distillers Hogs, have declared, they would rather give is. per Stone for Country-fed Hogs, than 14d. per Stone for those fed by Distillers; the latter of which, he laid, he could buy for that Price:

That this Practice of feeding Hogs is prejudicial to the Farmers, who cannot dispose of their Offal and damaged Corn, otherwise than by feeding Hogs and Fowls; which Hogs they cannot feed so cheap as the Distillers; nor is it possible to feed them without dry Meat; and that the best Bacon is the Bacon of Hogs fed with the best Pease.

Mr. John Butterfield said, That, in the Year 1722, he fatted a great many Hogs with Corn not capable of being malted; and the Price of Bacon was at that time 2 s. 4 d. per Stone to the Market, and 2s. 6d. perStone to private Families: That, the next Year, it was is. 6d. per Stone to Market, and is. 8d. per Stone to private Families: That, the succeeding Year, it fold for is. id. to Market, and is. 4d. per Stone to private Families; but he could not recollect what the Price of Com was at that time: That he afterwards fatted Hogs for some time 5 but when Pork was reduced to lod. per Stone, he left it off; and that that Sort of Corn he then fed Hogs with is now useless to him:

That many Farmers have left off Feeding and Breeding of Swine; for they may as well throw their Com away, as attempt to feed Swine upon an Average with the Distillers: That the sprouted Corn, with which the Witness used to feed Hogs, he makes very little Use of at present; some of it, he said, he had sold to a Person who grinds Corn for the Distillers, at 4s.per Quarter Ids than the Price he fold Corn to the Maltsters; and the Person who bought it, fold it again at $s. per Quarter Loss: That the Bacon of the Swine fed by the Distillers, when it comes to be boiled, wastes half away, and the Remainder of it is very soft and greasy; and that the keeping'many Swine confined together breeds Distempers amongst them: That he apprehends, if the Distillers were reirrained from feeding Hogs in this manner, it woifW be a great Advantage to the Farmers at a considerable Distance from London>z(\pecially those who have fenny Lands, or who live in inland Countries; for they then would feed many more Hogs, and might fend them to Market, when they could not fend their Corn:

That the very best fed Pork may now be bought for 20d. per Stone; and great Quantities are fold under that Price:

That several Persons in the West of England used to fend Hogs to Portsmouth, and would now, if they could get a Price for it upon an Average with the Distillers.

Being examined as to an Advertisement last Year from the Victualling Office, which expressed, That the Commissioners of the Victualling Office had dealt, and were willing to deal again, with the Farmers; he laid, he had beard of it; but that Proposals are always sent to the Commissioners, and the lowest Price is accepted; and that he believed the Victualling Office had not dealt with Farmers for many Years.

Mr. William Harvest said. That, during the time he was in the Business of the Distillery, Spirits being then drawn from Corn Two Parts malted to One unmalted, Vol. 24.

the Walh would feed, but not fat, Swiriey without a

Mixture of dry Corn:

That he took Four Hogs fed with Distillers Wash, and though he gave them each a Sack of Pease, yet, when their Flesh came to be boiled, the Fatfeparated from the Lean, and was so bad that his Servants could not eat it.

And he added, that, if the Distillers were to use no unmalted Corn, they could not feed Hogs without mixing coarle Com with their Walh.

Mr. John Parker said, That the Number of Hogs fatted by the Distillers has lessened the Value of Country Pork; and believes it to be the Cause of the Cheapness of all other Meat; and that it was likewise a great Detriment to the Graziers: That the Witness, in this Particular, had been a considerable Sufferer by it; having fed Cattle, and obliged to fell them for the same Price he bought them at:

That, were the Distillers to use no unmalted Corn, they could not then feed their Hogs without buying coarse Corn from the Farmers; and that the Farmers might consume ail their Corn that would not malt, by feeding their Hogs and Horses; which he said, he apprehended, would be a much more beneficial Way of disposing of it than any they have at present.

Mr. Timothy Child said, That he has been in the Business of Making of Bacon upwards of Twenty Years t That he has bought Hogs fatted by Farmers and by Distillers: That Pork and Bacon of Distillers Hogs is not near so good as the Farmers if kept any time; nor is the Flesh so firm when drest: That it wastes in the Dressing very much; and that Six Pounds of the Bacon fed in the Country will do as much Service as eight Pounds of what is fed by the Distillers:

That the Flesh of Distillers Hogs will take Salt, being of a soft Nature; but is unwholesome when kept in Salt or Pickle any time; and Haif of it will be rotten, when the Flesh of Farmers Hogs killed at the same time, will be very good; nor will the former keep so well as the latter in Summer, particularly in the Months of June, July, and August; during which time, the one is very good, and the other very rank and bafl: That his Customers, he laid, often complain to him that it is fish-fed; and that lie apprehends there is as much Difference between the one and the other as between a rotten Apple and a found one.

He laid, he gives about Two Pence a Stone more for the Country-fed Hogs than those the Distillers feed; but that he makes no Difference in the Price to hisCustomers: That he has had the Distillers Meat frequently returned, which he has changed for Meat fed in the Country; and those who have bought both Sorts, have found such a Difference, when boiled, that they afterwards have always asked for the latter.

Being further examined, he said, That the Meat of the Distillers Hogs is eatable inSummer; but it has frequently made People sick; and that he has heard that the Country-fed Meat is most in Esteem in private Families in London: That there is little Difference in Appearance between Farmers and Distillers Hogs at Market; but that he can distinguisti them.

He said further, that he apprehends $ie Pork and Bacon of Hogs fed by Distillers will not keep good in a Voyage to the Eafi or West Indies; and that if the Feeding of Hogs by the Farmers was encouraged, it would cause a great Consumption of Com.

Benjamin Rutland, Grazier, said, That the Fatting of Hogs by Distillers has been the cause of reducing the Rent of Marfii Lands which have lately fallen about Fifteen Shillings in Two Pounds, or Two Pounds Ten Shillings, a Year: That he formerly let a Piece of Marsh Land for j£. 120 per Annum, which is now rented for £. 80; and that he apprehends the Occasion of this Abatement is owing to Distillers feeding and jelling Hogs so cheap; whereby they have reduced the Price of other Meat; and which Practice, he said, he believed, encouraged the Breed of Hogs; but that, if it were otherwise,

Corn used iff Biftillation.

fliteafiUa^aPO<^Ic

836

27° Marti*. A. 1745.

Cora used in the Consumption of Pork would not be any- ways Ieffened* Distillation. especially in and about London:

That, at present, the Farmers feed their Servants with Bacon; but, if they could dispose of all they feed, they might buy Beef, and other Meat, for their Servants very reasonable:

That, about Twenty Years ago, his Father supplied the Victualling Office with Country-fed Hogs: That, at present, the Victualling Office commonly contract with Distillers; but that he never heard that Country-fed Hogs were refused there.

As to the Difference of the Price of Hogs, he said, it was about One Pound in an Hundred Stone; but he believes, if Farmers were encouraged, they would fell near as cheap.

Mr. John Jennings said. That he has been a Contractor in buying Hogs for the Victualling Office: That he has observed, that the Flesh of Hogs that are killed directly from feeding is grosser than the Flesh of those drove a Hundred Miles; and that the Hogs, that have faded for some time before they are killed, will take Salt better than those that are killed when they are full; and that the longer they fad, the better they will keep Salt, by reason, as he apprehends, that their Juices ferment the less after they are killed:

That Hogs fed byDidillers are often killed full; and that he has observed the Meat don't keep sweet so long as the Meat of Hogs fed ,in the Conn try: That, about Two Years ago, he bought Three hundred Hogs of a Distiller, the Flefti of which was tainted in the Summer-time, when the Pork fed in the Country was sweet; and that the Fledi of Hogs fed by Didiliers is more flabby than the other: But he said, that was the Meat of Hogs fed in the Country as fat as the Meat of those fed by the Didiliers, he believed it would be as soon tainted.

He added, that the Didiliers have entered into a Combination, and advanced a large Sum of Money, in order to prevent ocher Persons from contracting at the Victualling Office; and that because the Witness contracted for Hogs with some Farmers, the Didiliers afterwards refused to feil him any.

He said, that there was likewise a Complaint against him made to the Commissioners at the Victualling Office by the Didiliers, on account of his buying Country-fed Hogs, which, they said, were not so good as those fed by Didiliers; whereupon the said Commissioners made an Experiment, by salting some Meat of Hogs fed by the Didiliers, and some of those fed by the Farmers; and, after each had been barrelled Six Months, both were opened, and the Distillers was found to be great Part of it rotten, and the Farmers very good.

Mr. Anthony Ridley, who has been a Carcass Butcher near Forty Years, said, That the Distillers feeding of Hogs, and felling them so cheap, has greatly lessened the Consumption, and reduced the Price, of Beef and Mutton: That he formerly fold Four Hundred Sheep a Week, but now does not dispose of above Half that Number; and that many more Sheep come to London every Week than are fold.

Engles Prescot, a Carcass Butcher, said. That he formerly could fell Three hundred Sheep in a Week hetter than he can now fell an Hundred and Fifty; and that this Decrease is owing to the Distillers, who feed Hogs for little or nothing, and fell them very cheap; and that he is of Opinion this Practice of the Distillers mud, in time, ruin all the Farmers.

The Committee then proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers of East Kent; and the Evidence given by them to the Committee was as follows:

Mr. John Reynolds, a Farmer, occupying about Seven hundred Acres of Land in Kent, at the Rent of £. 300 per Annum, said, That he believes, if Distillers were obliged to draw their Spirits intirely from malted Corn, it would leflfen the Consumption of Corn: That he has seen, and considered, the Calculation made by Mr. Porter,

who was examined on behalf of the First Petition; and apprehends it to be a fallacious one; and that the same of the Farmers and Distillers is not truly dated:

That 100 Quarters of Barley will not only make 105 Quarters of Malt, as he, Porter, fays it will; but that it is the common Practice to make from that Quantity 140 Quarters of Malt, such as the Distillers use: That formerly, when he, the Witness, was an Officer in the Excise, the Custom of the Maltsters in Essex was to make Three or Four, and sometimes Five, Buftiels Increase in a Quarter of Barley, malted for the Use of the Distillers; and he believes the common Increase at this Time is Three Buftiels.

To this Fast of 140 Quarters of Malt being made from 100 Quarters of Barley, the said Mr. Porter said, he believed it was practicable; but that 100 Quarters of Barley, made into 103 Quarters of Malt, would weigh more, and, he believed, would produce more Spirit.

And the said Mr. Reynolds added further, That if Mr. Porter, by advancing in his Calculation, that 100 Quarters of Barley are equal in Weight to 131 Quarters of Barley malted, at the Increase of Five Quarters in the Hundred, intends to prove, that the same Quantity of Spirits may be drawn from the 100 Quarters of Barley, as from the 137 Quarters Four Bushels ot Malt, it is a false Conclusion, and cannot be done; for that One Quarter of Barley, made into Malt, will produce as much Spirit as One Quarter of raw Corn; and that therefore the Witness apprehended there would be no Increase in the Consumption of Corn by the Use of Malt only.

He further said, That suppofingit true, that 100 Quarters of Barley would produce the same Quantity of Spirits as might be drawn from 131 Quarters of Barley, made into Malt, at the Increase of Five Quarters in the Hundred, he apprehends, that the Use of malted Corn only would be a great Detriment to the Consumption of Spirits, and of consequence to the Consumption of Corn; for that Distillers would draw their Spirits at almost double the Expence they do at present; and that the Price of Spirits must be proportionably raised; so that if Spirits were now drawn for 1 s.per Gallon, they could not then be drawn under zs»; and the Distiller, in that case, would raise his Price to the Compounder in proportion, and the Compounder would probably take Advantage from thence of railing it to the Retailer above that Proportion; which Retailer would practise the same to his Customers; so that, by that means, the Price of Spirits might be raised to 4s.per Gallon.

The present Price of Spirits in the Retailers Shops, he said, was Six Pence per Pint; that is, 4s. per Gallon; and that the same would be raised, by the Use of malted Corn intirely, to Seven or Eight Shillings per Gallon; by which extravagant Price of Spirits, he said, he apprehended little or none would be drank:

Thzit, where he lives, he can buy Brandy for about 3J. 6d. or 4s. per Gallon; and has bought Ten Gallons of it for a Moidore:

That the Distillers have drawn Spirits cheaper since the Commencement of the War, because the Price of Corn has been falling; and that he is regulated in the Price of his Spirits by the Price of Corn:

That he thinks it is much the same thing to the Farmer, whether he uses his Corn in feeding Hogs, or fells it to the Distillers: That he believes if all the Hogs fed by them in a Year were to be distributed among the Farmers, it would not amount to One a piece.

Being asked, if it was the same thing to fell the Material of a Manufacture, or the Manufacture itself? he said, he conceives the Farmer is the best Judge what to do: That he did not know any Reason why the Contractors for the Navy could not buy Hogs fed in the Country as cheap as from the Distillers.

Mr. John Curling, Maltster and Farmer, said, That he rents 1,400 Acres of Land: That in the Barley, which he malts for Market, the Increase is Three Buftiels in a Quarter.

Mr.

18 Geo. II. 27* Martii. 837

Mr. John Nelson, a Hoyman, said, That most of the Malt, that is brought to Bear Key for the Use of Distillers, is manufactured after the Rate of Two and half and Three Bushels Increase in each Quarter of Barley, and, in pale Malt, rather a larger Increase:

That a great deal of Com grows in some Years, which is utterly incapable of being malted.

The laid Mr. Carling also said, That there is every ftfear a great Quantity of Corn produced in wet Lands, which will not malt; of which Sort, the Witnesssaid, he has some growing now, and has a great deal of it every Year:

That Three Parts in Four of the raw Corn, which he brings out of Kent is for the Use of the Distillers; and that the Price of Wheat is about 18 or 195. per Quarter; which, if malted, would come to a higher or less Rate, according to the Manner in which it was malted*

Mr. Charles Matson, a Farmer, renting £.700 a Year, said. That he apprehends, if the Distillers were to draw their Spirits from Malt, it would be the Ruin of the Farmers; for that it would lessen the Consumption of Corn, by increasing the Price of Spirits; and that the increasing the Price of Spirits will be an Encouragement to the Smugglers to run French Brandy.

Mr. Raynor, a Hoyman, said, That the Distillers make use of the best Corn that comes to Bear Key.

Mr. John Harrifoti said, That if Spirits were to be drawn intirely from malted Corn, it would raise the Price of those now fold for 4s. per Gallon to above 55.; and would be a great Encouragement for Smugglers to run French Brandy; which Brandy, he said, might be now bought for 4f. 6d. per Gallon; and that if People found they could buy it cheaper than home-made Spirits, they certainly would; which consequently must lessen the Consumption of home-made Spirits, and be detrimental both to the Farmer and Distiller; but that if the Importation of French Brandies could be intirely prevented, the Consumption of home-made Spirits would increase:

That he believes the Accounts at the Excise Office will prove, that the Duty upon Spirits has been increasing ever since the Act passed about Twenty Years ago, which impowered the Distillers to mix raw Corn with Malt.

And all the Witnesses examined on the behalf of this Petition concurred in their Evidence, That there is every Year a great Quantity of Corn incapable of being malted.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion;of this Committee, That the Petitioners the Yeomen. Farmers, and Graziers, in the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Kent, have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners the Yeomen and Farmers of JEaJIKent have proved the Allegation of their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Inland A Petition of the Dealers in Tea within the City of Duties on London, on behalf of themselves, and many others con-ea? c* cerned in the said Trade, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That there was Reason to hope, the Interest of; the fair Trader in Tea would have effectually been secured by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty; by which an Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound was laid on all Tea, without Distinction of Qua-. lity; but that notwithstanding the Regulations made by that Act, and the many Penalties the Smugglers of Tea, and their Accomplices, are liable to by Law, the clandestine Importation of Tea is so far from being prevented, that it is now carried to such a Height by the Smugglers, that the Petitioners have the strongest Reason to believe, that Three-fourths of the Teaconfumed in this Kingdom pay no Duty; and that the very high Duty of Four Shillings per Pound on all Teas, without distinguishing the Quality, is the principal Foundation for Smuggling; the coarser Sorts bearing too great a Proportion of the said Duty, and being bought abroad by the Smugglers at One-Vol. 24.

third of the Price it will stand the fair Trader in at home:

That, unless some speedy Remedy be applied to prevent this growing Evil, the Petitioners, and all fair Traders, will be under the greatest Difficiflties in carrying on their Trade, by reason of the Disadvantages they are under from the Practice of Smuggling; and that the Petitioners conceive, the most effectual Means to put a Stop to the clandestine Importation of Tea, would be to reduce the Inland Duty of ordinary Tea; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the paying a small Inland Duty for ordinary Tea would not only be a Means of enhancing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, but also of effectually preventing Smuggling, and keeping at home our Wool, as well as the current Coin of this Kingdom; large Quantities of both which are daily carried to France by the Smugglers of Tea, in open Defiance of the Laws made to the contrary: That the Smugglers are now become so numerous and outrageous, that the Civil Magistrates are intimidated, and unable to put the Laws in Execution against them and the Inhabitants of the Countries every-where through which they pass, are so alarmed with the Outrages and

Violences committed by them, that they live under a contin ual A pprehension of being robbed/tmd murdered: That the Petitioners, who have dealt largely in Tea, have been, for some Years, great Sufferers by the clandestine Importation of that Commodity, and are no longer able to carry on their Trades, without manifest Damage to themselves and Families; and must convert the remaining Part of their Fortunes into some other Employ, unless timely relieved by this House: And therefore praying.

That the House will take their same into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Inland unto subscribed, entered Dealers in Tea, Inhabitants with-in the City of Westminster> and Liberty thereof, in behalf of themselves, and other fair Traders: And also,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, entered Tea Dealers, Inhabitants within the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and other fair Traders;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; set-tingforth, That the Petitioners were induced to hope, that the Interest of the fair Trader would have been effectually secured by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; by which an Inland Duty of Four Shillings per round was laid on all Tea, without Distinction of Quality; but that notwithstanding the Regulations made by that Ad, and the many Penalties Smugglers of Tea, and their Accomplices, are liable to, the Petitioners have, by Experience, felt that the clandestine Importation of that Commodity is so far from being prevented, that it is now carried to such a Height by the Smugglers, that the Petitioners have the strongest Reason to believe, that Three-fourths of the Tea consumed in this Kingdom pays no Duty; and that the very high Duty of 4s. per Pound on all Teas, without distinguishing the Quality, are the principal Foundations for Smuggling; the lower Sorts bearing too great a Proportion of the said Duty, and bought abroad by the Smugglers at One-third of the Price given by the fair Trader at home; and that, unless some speedy Remedy be applied to prevent this growing Evil, the Petitioners, and all the fair Traders, will be under the greatest Difficulties, if not disabled from carrying on their Trade: That the Petitioners conceive, the most effectual Means to put a Stop to the clandestine Importation of Tea, would be to make such a proportionable Alteration in the Duty of Tcas as they shall fell for at the East India Company’s Sale;

10 D by

Merchants Claims on Spain.

838 if Martii. 1745.

by which Alteration^ it is apprehended, the Duty will admitted to be due from Great Britain to Spain; and amount considerably to the Public more than it now expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, chat, as they are does: That the Consumption of Tea in this King- Sufferers in like manner, they are also equitably intitled dom, of late Years, hath annually been more than to the same Benefit: And therefore, on behalf of the a,oqo, oooo Pounds (the said Petition of the Tea Petitioner, and the;laid other Owners and Freighters of Dealers in Southwark alleging, That the said Con- the said Ship St. Christopher, praying the House to take fiimption hath annually been near 3,000,000 their Loss into Confederation $ and that they may be in-Pounds), when, upon an Average for Three last titled.to such Share of the £. 60*000, in proportion to Years, there has not 800,000 Pounds of Tea paid their Loss, as shall be allotted to the other Merchants,

Excise; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive who are Sufferers under the like Circumstances. the Revenue will lessen every Year, the French Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-having imported above a,000,000 Pounds of Tea federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of (e-this Year, which is more by 700,000 Pounds than veral Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, ever they imported before, the greatest Part of arid Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and which, it is supposed, will be bought by the also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are re-Smugglers, and clandestinely run into this King- ferred: And thait they do examine, and state to the dom, to the great Prejudice of the fair Trader and House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition. ’ the Revenue, besides other injurious Consequences:

And therefore praying, That the House will take A Petition of William Hart Esquire and Sons, of the Merchants the Premises into their serious Consideration, and City of Bristol, being offered to be presented to the Claims on; grant the Petitioners such speedy Relief therein as House j \ sPaln*

to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-whom the Petition of the Dealers in Tea within the tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

City of London, on behalf of themselves, and many . Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-others concerned in the said Trade, is referred. ting forth, That the Petitioners suffered Lodes by the

Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Year A Petition of Walter Hawkjworth, of the City of 1718, the Accounts and Proof whereof were duly deli-Bristol, Merchant, on the behalf of himself, and the Rest vered before the Persons authorized to make the Demand of the Owners and Freighters of the Ship St Christopher at the Court of Spain: That, some Time since, a Com-bf Bristol, being offered to be presented to the House; mission issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have jMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Corn-Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty mencement of the present War, amongst the Sufferers , having been informed of the Contents of the fifed Peti- but that that Commission gives only a Power to adjust tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. the Claims of Losses from the Year 1721, so that the Then the fifed Petition was brought up, and read; set- Sufferers before that Time are excluded any Relief; ting forth, That the said Ship set Sail from the Island of but by an Application to Parliament, That a Petition has Barbadoes, under the Command of Joseph Whetham, the been lately presented to the House by several Merchants 17th Day of May 1720, loaden with a considerable Cargo of London, who have sustained' Lodes by Depredations, of Sugar, and other valuable Goods and Merchandize, praying Relief for their Losses, out of the £.60,000 belonging to the Petitioner and the said other Owners granted by Parliament, which Petition has been referred and Freighters of the said Ship, amounting in Value to a Committee: That the Petitioners conceive they are to the Sum of£.3,072. ns. 6d. Sterling; and on the equally intitled to Relief, as any other Sufferers: 'And Fifth of June next following, being on the Prosecution therefore praying the House to take the same of the Pe-of her intended Voyage to Virginia, and from thence titioners into Consideration, and grant them Satisfaction to Bristol, about Twenty-five Leagues East from Cape out of the £.60,000 given by Parliament, or in such Matherasy on the Coast of America, was taken by a Spa- other manner as to the House shall seem meet. nish Sloop fitted out from the Havannahy and commissioned Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

by the Governor of Florida; and that the said Ship and ^deration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of fe-Cargo were carried into St. Augustine, and there arbi- veral Merchants of London, trading to Portugal Spain, trarily condemned: That a Suspension of Arms having and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; -a'nd been declared between the Crowns of Great Britain and also the" Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are re-Spain Come Months before such Capture, 'and then sub- ferred: And that they do examine, and* state to the fiftipg, tire laid Capture was illegal; and therefore the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

Petitioner, with the said other Owners and Freighters of

the said Ship, applied to the Governor of St. Augustine A Petition of David Godin, in behalf of himself, as Ditto, for Redress, and afterwards to the Governor of the Ha- Executor of his late Father David Godin, principal Owner vannah, where the said Capture was judged illegal; but of the Ship called the Providence, and in the behalf of the Captors not abiding by such Decision, appealed the rest of the Owners of tke^ said Ship, being^ffered to the Court of Madridy where the Petitioner, &c. to be presented to the House; ' ’ '

have never been able to obtain Restitution or Satisfaction,. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,' by his Majesty’s

but have loft the said Ship and Cargo, besides having Command, acquainted' the1 House,l/That Jhis Majesty, been at several Hundred Pounds Expence in endeavour- having been informed of the Contents /of the said Peti-ing to recover the fame: That, in the Years 1721, action, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Treaty of Peace was made with Spain, in which it was Then the said Petition was brought up, arid read; set-stipulated, that all Ships, Goods, &?<r. seized in Harbour, . ting forth, That,'on or about the Month of May 1718, or taken on the Seas, betwixt the Years 171s and 1721, the Ship called the Providence, being at the City of Ham-, should be restored, or paid for according to their Value: borough, was there let to Freight by the1 Petitioners Fa-

That the Petitioner, and the said other Owners and ther’s Correspondents, on a Voyage from thence to Cadiz, Freighters, through Inadvertency, have not taken since ' Marseilles, Genoa, and Leghorn, and* back; and that ac-.any further proper Measures to obtain Satisfaction for cordingly the said Ship took in a Loading ztHamborough, the said Loss: That several Merchants, who were Suf- of a very great Value, with which (he failed on the said ferers by Spanish Captures, between the said Years 1718 intended Voyage, being furnished with a Pass from the and 1721, are now applying to have Satisfaction for King of Spain: That, on or about the iSth Day of Sep-their Lodes, out of the Sum of £. 60,000 granted by tember following, the said Ship arrived safely at Cadiz, with this House, the 14th May 1739, to arifwef what was the said Pass on bbard; but thatfhe SpanijfhFleet about

that

Merchants Claims on Spain.

18 Geo. II.

2 70 Martii.

s39

that time having been defeated by his Majesty’s Fleet, the said Ship was immediately seized, by Order of the Governor of Cadiz: That thereupon the Petitioner’s Father’s Correspondents and Agents in Spain, immediately made their Application to the Court at Madrid, for discharging of the said Ship; and their Request, grounded on the said Pass, was allowed to be so just and reasonable, that an Order was made, as the Petitioner’s Father was informed, for the clearing her from the said Seizure; but that, before the Petitioner’s Father could get it passed and dispatched, so as to reap any Benefit thereby, the News arrived that War was declared against Spain by Great Britain, the said Governor dedared that he had fresh Orders fiiom the King of Spain to detain the said Ship, which was afterwards fold, with her Cargo: That the Accounts and Vouchers thereof were duly delivered by the Petitioner’s Father, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotcntiares from Great Britain at Cambray and Soiffbns, and afterwards to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain; and that a Commission has been issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named are only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Losses in the Year 1721, and from that time; so that? those that suffered before that Time are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament; and that a Petition has been lately presented to the House, by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards, praying a Satisfaction for their Losses, out of the^. 60,000 granted by Parliament, and remaining undisposed of, which Petition has been referred to a Committee of this House; and that the Petitioner conceives that he is equally intitled to Relief with any other his fellow Sufferers: And therefore praying, That the House will take his unfortunate same into Consideration, and grant him such Relief out of the said Money given by Parliament, or in such other manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Wallace, John Coulter, William Wallace, John Wilson, and Company, Merchants in GlaJ-gow, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, in June 1730, the Ship Phoenix and Cargo, belonging to the Petitioners, was taken by the Spaniards, near the Capes of Virginia, in her Way thither, after the Time limited for Captures by the Cefla-tion of Arms in February preceding, upon which the Peti- -tioners applied to the Lords of the Regency, in his Majesty’s Absence, who were pleased to recommend this Affair to the King of Spain, who gave his Letters to the Governors of Havatmah and St. Augustine, to do the Petitioners Justice; on which the Petitioners joined with the Owners of the Ship St; Christopher, of Bristol, likewise taken near the same Tim? and I^lace, and lent an Agent to the West Indies, to claim the said Two Ships and Cargoes, where, after Two Years spent to "their great Cost and Trouble, the Governors of Havahnah and St. Augustine, notwithstanding the King’s. Orders, did most unjusty confirm the Condemnation of the* said Ships and Cargoes, on Pretence of unlawful Commerce, though they were bound directly to Virginia, with no. other Goods than the Manufactures of Great Britain; from which thp Pe-

Vol. 24.

Preservation of public Roads.

titioners appealed to the King of Spain and Counsel of the Indies, and did, in the Year 1725 (on the Return of their Agent) apply to his Majesty in Council for Relief, who was graciously pleased to recommend their Affair to Mr. Stanhope at Madrid, to whom the Process and all other Papers were sent, and afterwards put‘into the Hands of Mr. Keene, his Majesty’s Resident there: That the Petitioners were at great Charges in fbliciting this Affair at Madrid, but could get no Justice done them: And therefore praying, That, as they have been very great Sufferers, they may be considered, with others in the like Circumstances, and be intitlecj to a Share of what shall be allotted to make up the Losses ot those that have suffered by the Spanish Depredations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under, great Hardships, upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render^more effectual the Laws in being, for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the feme would be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into.Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Woollen resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture, consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into fur- Preservation ther Consideration the Report from the Committee to of public whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Roadl* Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to # consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House York to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Building* to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom oroP*ny. the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water

in

840 27° — 28° Martii. A. 1745.

in York Buildings, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Drawback The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on foreign a Committee of the whole House, upon the Three last Linent. Resolutions Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are-thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, which Resolutions were then re-committed to this Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read; taws against Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Gaming, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Martii;

Anno i8# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Action near ORDERED, That Mr. Henry Fawler, late Midship-

Toulon. man of his Majesty’s Ship the Buckingham, do this Day attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near 'Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Boteler’s Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip, Bo-teler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates, in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Rrgulatiifg Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

fawnbrokersl Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the receiving Qf stolen Goods, by the regulating of Pawnbrokers, was, committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said pill, being severally read a Second time, were (except some of them, which w^re.postponed), upon the Ques-

tion severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Jullian, Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed, that some of the Com-lioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Number of Copies of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1744, were sent to the several Sheriffs of England; distinguishing each County, with the Expence attending the fame, together with a Report from the said Commissioners.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Report are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn, that hath, for Seven Years last past, been put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be carried Coast-wife, from one Port to another, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and re-landed again; distinguishing each Year, and the several Ports from which such Wool was put on board, and where re-landed: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Combed Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Worsted Yarn, Crewels, or Wool slightly manu-fastured, which, since the 24th of December 1739, have been entered and shipped, or laden, in order to be carried in any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, Coast-wife, or from any Part of Scotland to any Part ot Great Britain-, distinguishing the Quantities and Qualities thereof, the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place where shipped, and to what Port or Place the same were to be landed or imported, and to whom consigned: And alfoj

An Account of the Amount of the additional Duties on foreign Cambricks, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas

1744. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom were re-committed the Three last Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes,

made

Jullian?s, &c. Nat.

Number of Copies circuited of Land Tax Act.

Wool carried Coast-wife.

Duties on foreign Cambricks.

18 Geo. II.

28° Ma

841

Gould’s

Liiate*

Merchants* Claims on Spain.

Separate Incorporation of Surgeons.

Robinson’s

Estates.

made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Houblon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate deviled to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commirteej and rhat the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Duties an Tea, &c.

Tea exported.

ConvitHions for Smuggling*

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington, Mr. Cor new all. Sir Daniel Lambert, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Edwin, Lord Perceval, and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Members who serve for the Sea-port Towns, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 19. L. 1. Leave out <c and others shall be <c elected and appointed to succeed them in the said Office."

And the said Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Resolveed\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William R obi/Jon Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, Salop, and Anglesey, for Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account of the Net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1723; distinguisningeach Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1744 distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantides of Tea that have been exported, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1744; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Persons convicted of the unlawful Importing, or clandestine Landing or Running, of prohibited or un-Vol. 24.

customed Goods, who have had their Fines remitted or-compounded for, since Christmas 1740, together with the Names and Places of Abode of the said Persons, and the Sums remitted or compounded for.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Wade imported; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom were re-committed the Three lad Resolutions which were, upon Tuef-day lad, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petirion of the Merchants and others, of Great Britain and Ireland, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned and employed in the said Manufactures, was referred, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Allowance of One Half-peny per Yard, upon all British and Irish Linens, of the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and not exceeding T welve Pence per Yard, will be proper to be allowed as an additional Bounty on the Exportation thereof

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Allowance of the Sum of Three Half-pence per Yard, upon all British and* Irish Linens, of above the Value of Twelve Pence per Yard, and not exceeding is. 6d. per Yard, will be a proper Bounty upon the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That the said Bounties be paid out of the additional Duty on Cambricks granted to his Majesty by the Act, made in the 15 th and 16th Years of his Majesty's Reign.

The said Resolutions were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions, and also pursuant to the Resolurion which, upon ‘I’uefday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the said Report, which Resolution was then agreed to by the House: And that the Lord Limerick, Mr. IIgo per, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. OJ-waldy Mr. Archibald Stewart, the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ and Mr. Crawfurd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens: And that the Lord Limerick, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hume Campbell, - Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. OJwald\ Mr. Archibald Stewart, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Crawfurd, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Lnnens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Plantations, with the Drawbacks that have been paid in England or in Scotland thereupon, from Clrijmas. 1 734 to Christmas 1 744, inclusive; distinguishing each Year: And also, an Account of the 10 E Quantity

Supply Bill 3 Sinking Fimd, See,

Drawback on Foreign Linens.

842 28° Martii.

Quantity of foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1744, inclusive; distinguishing each Year; and in case the Quantity exported shall exceed the Quantity appearing to be imported, that they do specify the Causes and Reasons of such Difference.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Linens carried Coast-wife, from England to Scotland, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1744, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

Drawback on A Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Wool-foreign Li- ]en Yarn Hole, &c. in the Town of Evesham, whose n*DS* Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves,

and many Hundreds employed in that Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, should the Drawbacks on Exportation of foreign Linens be taken off, the Petitioners apprehend tt would prove very detrimental to the Trade of this Nation, and to the Woollen Manufacture in particular; the Countries, from whence those Linens are imported, vending, and consuming annually very large Quantities of our Woollen Goods, particularly Germany, Holland, and Ruftiay to which Countries we have great and beneficial Exports, which will probably, in a great Measure, be ©bftrbfted, to the utter Ruin of Thousands of his Majesty’s Subjects, if any additional Burthens or Difficulties should be laid on foreign Linens; And therefore praying, That the House may not come to any Resolution to take oflf the Drawbacks on foreign Linens exported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Regulation A Petition of severalBrewers, Wharfingers, Scavengers,

of Carts and amj others, concerned in Cartage within Ehe City and Li-

LondoB.m berty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the City of London and Westminster^ and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes, in the County of Middlesex> and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, " That, from and after the 15th Day of December, the Wheels of every " Cart, Car, or Dray, to be used for the Carriage of <c any thing whatsoever, from any Place within the Ci-f< ties of London and Westminster^and Parishes aforesaid,

* to any Place situate in the said Cities and Places, where " the Streets are paved, should be made to contain the 4i full Breadth of Six Inches in the Felley, and should not u be wrought about with any Iron-work whatsoever, u nor be drawn with above the Number of Two Horses,

" after they are up the Hills from the WaterSide; and x‘ that the Owners and Proprietors of any Cart, Car, or <c Dray, to be used as aforesaid, the Wheels whereof " should be made Six Inches in the Breadth, or should u be shod with Iron, or be drawn with above Two -c Horses, as aforesaid, should forfeit the Sum of Forty u Shillings for every Time such Cart, Car, or Dray,

" should be used as aforesaid, for the Uses, and to be levied as directed by the said Act:" That, by another Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of their said late Majesties, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, it was, among other Things, enacted, ,c That it should and might be lawful for any " Inhabitant of any of the Parishes within the Weekly Bills €t of Mortality, who dwelt off from the Pavement, or " used his Carts as well off as upon the Pavement, and e< to and for any Brewer, Scavenger, or other Person " employed in carrying away the Dirt and Soil of the u Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, to make use of any Cart,

A. 1745.

" Car, or Dray, with Wheels shod with Iron, and nar-c rower than Six Inches in the Fellies, and drawn with-

more than Two Horses:" That there is a Bill, now depending before the House, to repeal the Clause in the last recited Act, whereby the Petitioners apprehend themselves to be greatly aggrieved, should the same pass into a Law; and conceive that the first recired Act Was attended with so great Inconveniences, that the Legislative Power was induced to repeal the same within One YeaC after the Palling thereof; and that no Application hath been made to Parliament fmee the Repeal of the said Law, which is now upwards of Fifty Years since; and that if the said Act should be repealed, the Petitioners, among many others, will be great Sufferers; for that there muff, of Neceflky, be so great a Consumption of Beach Wood, of which Fellies* are made, as will greatly enhance the Price thereof, which is already very difficult to come at; and that a further Inconvenience will attend the Public and the Petitioners, by reason it will occasion greater Obstructions in the Streets and Passages, as near double the Number of Carriages muff necessarily be employed to do the same Business, and be much more expensive: That the Duties upon Tire Iron are very considerable, and should the intended Bill pass into a Law, the Revenue would be considerably feffeTred, and many Families, who now support themselves by working in that Branch of Trade, will, in a great measure, be left destitute of Support, and the Parish Rates thereby increased, which are well known to be in most Parishes extremely burthensome: And representing to the House,

That the Soil and Dirt conveyed from the Streets to the Lay-flails lying near the End of the Town, by the Deep-ness and Badncfs of the Roads in those Places, will render it very difficult, if not impossible, to carry the same away with Slug Wheels, and drawn only with Two Horses: That the Streets muff, in a short time, become a Nusance to the Inhabitants thereof, who will be put to a much greater Expence for the Carriage of Goods, as it will hardly be possible for Two Horses to draw a Chaldron of Coals to Grosvenor Street, and other Parts of the Town, of the like Distance, within the Bills of Mortality;, and, by reason of the Scarcity of large Draught Horses* to supply the Town with Coals, and other Things necessary for their Use and Consumption: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, according to the Prayer of their said Petition.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the County Elec-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, tions.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Press. 1. L. 34. After €i else," insert " and if such <c Freehold Estate consists in Messuages, Lands, or " Tythes, then specifying in whose Occupation the same te are; and if in 'Rent, then specifying the Names of " the Owners or Possessors of the Lands or Tenements <c out of which such Rent is issuing, or of l’ome or One of u them

Press 2. L. 6. Leave out " at this Election:"

Press 4. L. 20. Leave out ,r nor," and insert " or:"

Press

18 Geo. II. 280 — 29 0 Martii.843

Press 5. L. 26 and 27. Leave out fc at such Elec-" cion

Press 7. L. 23. Leave outtf ever/’ and insert<c every:"

And the said Amendments were read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Act ion near Toulon.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do, (except Captain West, Captain Berkeley, Lieutenant Dorrel, and Mr. William Kirkman) attend the said Committee, upon Tuef day Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Laws against Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Gaming, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming*

whom it is referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty's Fleetin the Action last: Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Botder's for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate. settled Estate of Sir Philip Boteler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Bote ler, and his Heirs; and for settling other Estates, in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mn Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee, to Laftage, fc?, whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth on the Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Thames. Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Musgrave have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir fames Hamilton have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Mar tii;

Anno 180 Georgii lldi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Gould’s A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. f\_ for impowering Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

Line 2. After . the first Word <c Gouldf to insert

Esquire," and, after the Second Word <c Gould?' to leave out " Esquires," and insert cc Clerk."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Houblon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ^ays and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of what Sums of Money remain in the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Malt, 13c. granted for the Service of the Year 1743, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which chey had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fic again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Leave of Ab- Ordered, That Mr. Bennet have Leave to go into the

fence. Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Williams have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Action near Ordered, That Lieutenant RickardGwynn be discharged

Toulon. from attending the Committee of the whole House, to VOL. 24.

A Petition of Alice Cheshire Widow, and Richard Gil- Merchants* dart of Liverpool, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and as Claims on Administrator to Sir Thomas Johnson Knight, deceased, sFain-being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer by his Majesty’s, Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

7 Then

§44 2 9 ° Martii.^.1745.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have suffered very great Losses by the Depredations of the Spaniards in the Years 1717, 1719, and 1720; but, through Inadvertency, did ' not make the necessary Proof before the Commissaries that went from Great Britain to Spain; but that as several Merchants*, who were likewise Sufferers, are now applying to the House, to have a Satisfaction for their LofieS out of the Sixty thousand Pounds granted by the House, the 14th day of May 1739, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain: Therefore praying the House to take the Losses of the Petitioners into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be intitled to such Share out of the Sixty thousand Pounds as shall be allotted to the other Merchants, although the Petitioners have not strictly pursued the necessary Forms that others have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Discoveries Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

in Hudson’s ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ay* upon the Bill for giving a public Reward to such Person

or Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a North-weft Passage, through Hudson's Straits, to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Commictee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Jullian’s, &c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for NaC* naturalizing Peter Bartholomew Jullian, Peter Sapte, and

Thomas Sapie, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Importing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-and Wearing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to brick^ic consider of the Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and Lawns;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the additional Duties on foreign Cambricks imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1743 to Chrifmas 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Cambricks, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1740, inclusive; together with an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Cambricks exported, during the said Time; which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of May 1742; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hojord and Mr.

Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tadcaster to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within &c*

the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hob Moor Lane End, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol Poor, for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an Roads*

Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham to Edgehill, In the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Robinson’s this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Eftacc* Estates late of Willliam Robinson Esquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint,

Chester, Salop, and Angltjey, for Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westminster for granting further Powers to the Commissioners for BndSe* building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sutton’s rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Eftalc-Sutton, Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances: To which the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preservatioa whom the Bill to amend and render mote effectual the of p"b,lc Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, oa 8* was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- York Bailing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lnSs Com~ House, to consider of the Report from the Commictee, pan^’ to whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Regu!atin; from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually Pawn~ to prevent the receiving of stolen Goods, by the regu- r0 ers* lating Qf Pawnbrokers, was committed, be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sutton’s for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by Sir Ellata-Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act,

passed

i8 Geo. II. 290 Martii — i0

passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, i° Aprills;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Hooper’s Ayfl'R. ^arew reported from the Committee, to whom

Will. 1VJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain Effects mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Bajfett Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and thar the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

GrelhanA Major General Onslow reported from the Committee, to Li aie. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand Pounds affecting the lame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Stuart, Lord Galway, General Onslow, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Gybbon, Admiral Townsend,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Plumptre, Admiral Vernon, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Phil-Itpjon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Sir Wm. Calvert,

Mr. Packer, Mr. Montague, Mr. *$buttle worth, Sir John Ramsden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, and Oxon; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- Ways an4 mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which tha Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twenty ^one thousand Two hundred and Forty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted for the Service of the Year 1743, be applied towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1745.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his p^tn^c Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Waste imported; is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Lord Palmerston have Leave to go Leave of Ab* into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary ftncc* Occasions.

Myddelton’s Mr. IVynne reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will of Sir William Myddelton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate lying rtear Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Duty onTea. The House being informed, that Mr. Needier, Accountant General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Midsummer 1739, to Midsummer 1744; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Tkp said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hobbes’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Ro-dolph Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Vol. 24.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Laftage, &c. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better on the Regulation of Laftag;e and Ballastage in the River 'Thames, Thamci* was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported from Discoverici the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Hu<Fon’s giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, his Ma- ay* jesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a North*West Passage, through Hudforis Straits, to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Godnun-Martin, Mr. French, Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Drury, be chester, &c. added to the Commitree, to whom the Bill for amending Road* the Road from a Place called the Horjejhoe Corner, in the Town of Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a 10 F House

i° — Aprilis.

A. 1745.

House called the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, is committed.

Laws against Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Gaming. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him'to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Fhurfday Morning next.

Importing Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the and Wearing Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred bricks^ &c. to confer of the Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and Lawns, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House \ which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Wearing of Cambricks he prohibited, after a certain time to be appointed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty be laid upon all foreign Cambricks and French Lawns, except for Exportation, after a certain Time to be appointed.

The said Resolutions were read a Second time; and, upon the.Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Faxton In- Ordered, That Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fburfby, Sir James

closure. Grant, Mr. Prowse, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; and for giving a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu of his Tythes of the said common Fields 5 is committed.

African The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Company. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England

Ordered, That the several Papers* prefen ted to the House upon the 13th Day of March last, relating to the said Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That, they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Woollen Ma- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to nufacture. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Orders of the Day being read 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sinking House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a cer- fun£1, &c-tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Waste imported.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preservation whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the of public Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, Roads* was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- York Building next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole >ngs Com-House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, pany' to whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Fhames Water in York Buildings, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 20 die Aprilis;

Anno 180 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Perfoi>s, whose Names Preservation are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of public ' of Yeovill, in the County of Somerset: And also. Roads.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, with Henftridge and Melborne, in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill now before the House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same would be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Ueporc from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bowles, Agent ScodanJ. to the Commissioners of thcCustoms in Scctlasid, attended ^'c?unc ot

, ' tfonas on

at the Door; Wool ex-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to* the ported. House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what

Bor.ds,'

i8 Geo. II. 2° Jprilis.

Bonds, since the 24th Day of December 1739, have, and where, been entered into, and by whom, to his Majesty, and in what Penalties, by way of Security, that the particular Species of Wool therein mentioned to be entered and shipped, should be landed, according to the respective Conditions of such Bonds: distinguishing such Bonds as have been discharged by Certificate of the Customer, or Collector or Comptroller, of the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, where the Species of Wool therein mentioned were delivered or landed; and such of the said Bonds as have been put in Suit, and the Proceedings that have been had thereon; and what of the said Bonds now remain undischarged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Faxtonlnclo- Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom *Use* the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in,

Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; and for giving a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of his Tythes of the said common Fields; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where* the Amendments were once read throughout; and then x Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duty on Tea. The House being informed, that Mr. Paul, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Christmas- 1718 to Christmas 17 23; distinguishing each Year: And Mo,

Tea export- An Account of the Quantities of Tea, that have been ed* exported, from Christmas 1739 to Midsummer 1744; dif-

tinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. '

Bounties on Linens exported.

The Lord Limerick presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Clandestine The Lord Limerick presented to the House, according Exportation to Order, a Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation LinensClgn ^orejpn Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sutton’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Estate. rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Yol. 24.

General Onslow, Lord Limerick, Mr. White, Sir Edmund IJham, Mr. Larochey Mr. Fere, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

GWynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Admiral Townsend, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Stuart,

Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Shuttleworthy Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Gajhry, Lord Geo. Graham, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grelham’s for veiling Part of the Estate of Sir Marmaduke Gresham Estate. Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand Pounds affecting the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Major General Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Myddelton’i for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will Estate. of Sir William Myddelton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate lying near Chirk Castle, in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wynne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hooper’* for impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain Effects mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Ba/fett Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in Drawback on Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about Foreign Ei-Barnstaple: And also, nCDS*

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of.

Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland; praying further Encouragements to their Manufactures, and particularly by taking off the Drawbacks payable at present on the Exportation of foreign* Linens; and representing to the House, that such Linens are (though indirectly, yet in reality) a Part of the Returns of British YVoolIen Manufactures wrought up by the Petitioners, and many Thousands other British Subjects, and exported to foreign Parts, to the great Advantage of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have btot too much Reason to apprehend, that if any further Burthen should be laid either on the Importation or Exportation ofthofe Linens (which are already charged with Duties greatly exceeding those payable on our Woollen Manufactures abroad) it may be a Means ofgivingOccasion for the like or greater Discouragements to such of our Woollen Manufactures as are exported to foreign Parts, and may be attended with other Consequences very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That the said Drawbacks may not be taken off, nor any further Discouragements given to the Importation of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes.

Ordered,

848 2° Aprilis. A. 1745.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

African Ordered\ That the Royal African Company of England

Forts, See. do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Charges of a military Establishment for maintaining and supporcing the respective Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa,

Office of Co- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

roner. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions reported, upon the 22d Day of January last, from the Committee appointed to consider of the Laws in being relating to the Office of Coroner, That they do make Provision for enlarging the Number of Coroners within the County of York, to act respectively for the several Ridings in the said County.

Discoveries An ingrossed Bill for giving a public Reward to such " Hudson’s person or Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a^* a North-West Passage, through Hudforis Straits, to the

Western and Southern Ocean of America, was read the Third time.

The following Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill i viz.

Press 2. Line 10. To leave outc< of Great Britain"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, his Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a North-West Passage, through Hudson's Straits, to the Western and Southern Ocean of America.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Office of Co- Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, roner. a gjj for the better ordering the Office of Coroner: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wright's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vetting an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of Wilts, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Robert Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to sell the same, for raising Money to purchase an intire Farm in the County of Suffolk, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaiht them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Merchants A Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are gl^s on thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and Part-p ' ners, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners suffered very considerable Losses by Seizures and Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Year 1718; the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by the Petitioners, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soissons, and afterwards to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain; and a Commission has lately issued for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named were only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Lottes in the Year 1721, and from that time; so that those, whq suffered before that time, are excluded from any Relief, but by Application to Parliament: That a Petition hath been

lately presented to the House by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards, praying a Relief for their Losses out of the £. 60,000 granted by Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive, they are equally intitled to Relief as any other their Fellow-sufferers: That, in the iaft Session of Parliament, the Petitioner John Buck, who is Executor to George Buck Esquire, deceased, in behalf of himself and Partners, and Richard Score, who isfince dead, in behalf of himself and Partners (of which the Petitioner George Strange wasr One, as Executor of his late Father George Strange, deceased), with some other Persons, applied to the House; and the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and recommended it to Consideration; and chat a Report of the Petitioners same was accordingly made from a Committee to the House: And therefore praying, That the same of the Petitioners may be taken into Consideration; and that Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioners out of the £. 60,000 given by Parliament; or that such other Relief may be given them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

A Petition of William Allen of Bideford, Merchant, Merchant* Executor of his late Father William Allen, deceased, in Claims on behalf of himself and Partners, being offered to be pre- spam* frnted to the House 5

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House,

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners suffered very considerable

Losses by Seizures and Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Year 1718; the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by the Petitioners, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soissons, and afterwards to the Lord Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That a Commission was lately issued for the Di-stribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the prefenc War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers 5 but that the Commissioners therein named were only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Losses in the Year 1721, and from that time; so that those, who suffered before that time, are excluded from any Relief, but by Application to Parliament: That a Petition hath been lately presented to the House by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards, praying Relief for their Losses out of the j£. 60,000 granted by Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive they are equally intitled to Relief as any other their Fellow-sufferers: And therefore praying, That their same may be taken into Consideration; and that Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioners out of the £. 60,000 given by Parliament: or that some orher Relief may be given them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to che Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Admirals Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- Mathews and

St cions uflock-

18 Geo. It*

-3

to

Call of the Hbtife.

Action near Toulon.

Baton's

Estate.

Skipwith’s

Estate.

tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of (o much of all Memorials and Letters transmitted to either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or the Commissionersibr executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, as relate to any Misunderllanding between* or any Jea-loufies or Complaints of Admiral Mathews against Vice Admiral Leflock, or of Vice Admiral Leflock against Admiral Mathews, with the respective Answers thereto, from the time of Admiral Mathews's being appointed to command in the Mediterranean, to the Time of the En-r gagement there last Year between his Majesty s Fleet and the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day was read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain. ’ [

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Montague: ✓ f

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paffrd a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lealehokl Estates late of Sarah Eaton, de-. ceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the University of Oxford > and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the JLords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipzvith Baronet, with Dame Ursula his Wife; and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

lating of Pawnbrokers, was committed, be, further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-moriow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercttrii,1 3* die j

Anrto 180 Georgii IIdl Regis* 1745;

P R A Y £ It S:

R. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of William Parry Esquire, and for purchasing another E(Iate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; committed, That the dommittee had examined

M1

Parry'i Estate;

Action near Touloa.

Regulating

Pawnbrokers.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, '["hat this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do, except Captain Long, Captain Tozvry, Lieutenant Edward Clark, Mr. John Burgess, Mr. John Bullock, Mr. John Buchanan, Lieutenant Mark Tiddiman, Mr. George Fox, Mr. Alexander Phillips, Mr. Eustace Peacock, and Mr. Owen Griffith, attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regu-

VoJL. 24.

was committed, J hat the l the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties, concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table;-

The House being informed, that Mr. Sparse, Accounfrant General to the African Company, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Estimate of the* Charges of a military Establishment for maintaining and supporting the respective Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England on the Coast of Africa.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Eftirpate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the-House.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, with Dame Ursula his Wife; and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for discharging his Debts, and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof, was read the Fiift time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Africarf Forts, &. c.

SkipwIih, S

Estate.

Eaton's'

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the University of Oxford; and for laying out the Aloney arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Bejl have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation of Clandestine foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Exportation Irish Linens, was read a Secopd time. L‘nei*!*n

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

10 G Resolved,

Leave of A b fence.

Bounties oti Linens exi ported;

850 3‘ Aprilii.1745.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the find Bill*

Regulation The House was moved, That the 19th Section of an of Carts and Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King London William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets of the Cities of London and West-tninfier, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes, in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey; and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction tb the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Williamand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes, in the County of Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey; and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned; so far as the said Clause relates to Carts being drawn with above Two Horses within the said Cities and Places, after they are up the Hills from the Water Side.

Paxton An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the com-Inclosure. mon Fields in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; and forgiving a Recompence to the Lector of the said Parish in lieu of his Tythes o( the said common Fields; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton-, and for giving a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu of his Tythes of the said common Fields.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Godman- Mr. Fellozves reported from the Committee, to whom chester, be. the Bill to repair and widen the Road leading from a Place *oad* called the Horseshoe Corner, in the Town of Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a House called the Frrft Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Regulating Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Pawnbrokers the ac]jouvned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Coih-18

mittee to the said Bill, which. Upon Tliurfday last was postponed (being Clause I), was again read.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdleri for tht Ycas,| } '*

Tellers so, the Noes, J \j['?Carew:London,) ,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by GcwHV this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering EiUtc. Edward Gould and William Gould Esquires, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, out of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Separate Tn-for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of ^P0^1011 LondonTwo separate and distinct Corporations, with One 0 &C0M*

Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords deGre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Representative of Captain Thomas Merchant! Willoughby, late Commander of the Ship Prince of Wales, Claims qa taken by the Spaniards in the Year 1718, being offered sPail1-to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Thomas Willoughby was the Owner of a Quantity of Goods to the Value of Two hundred Pounds, w'hich were on board the said Ship, when taken: That proper Proof w'as made before the Commissaries, that went from Great Britain to Spain, of the said Loss: That, feme time ago, a Commission issued to distribute such Sums as arose by Reprisals, at the Commencement of the War with Spain, among the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners have only a Power of settling those Claims who had Losses in 1721, and from that time; so that the Sufferers before that time are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament 2 That several Petitions, have been presented to the House by Sufferers before that time, praying a Relief for their Losses out of the £. 60,000 granted by Parliament; and that the Petitioner conceives, as (he is a real Sufferer, (he is likewise intitled to such Relief as her Fellow-subjects:

And therefore praying the House to take her same into Consideration, and to grant her a Satisfaction out of the £. 60,coo given by Parliament, or in such other manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred:

And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Baker Merchant, on behalf of Diua.

Henry Sloper of New England, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the find Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth. That the said Henry Sloper was Commande.,

and

1

1

8 Geo. II.

3-4"

851

Preservation of public Roads.

and foie Owner, of the Schooner Samuel and Lydia, Burthen about Eighty Tons; which Schooner, with a full Loading of Salt, bound for New England, was taken at the llland of Torludas, in the Month of March 1727, with several other Vessels by a Spanish Man of War, and carried to the llland of Hispaniola, and there condemned; whereby the said Henry Sloper has sustained a Loss of Six hundred and Sixty Pounds, and upwards: That die Petitioner, the said Samuel Baker, does remember, that he made Proofs of this Loss at some of the public Offices appointed for that Purpose, in order to be transmitted to the Commissaries named by the Treaty of Seville; but it being so many Years since, the Petitioner cannot now recoiled the particular Place: That the Petitioner has applied to the Commissioners appointed to distribute the Moiety of the net Produce of the Effects taken from the King of Spain and his Subjects, to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations, within a Time limited, in which Time the Loss happened; but finds that they could not admit the said Henry Sloper to any Share of the Money they are to distribute: And therefore, in behalf of Henry Sloper, praying the House to take his hard same into Considera-

Ordered, That Mr. Budge have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health*

The Order of the t)ay being read, for the Hdufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td consider of the Petition of the Dealers in Tea within the City 0 f London, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the said Trade;

Ordered, That Surpluses stated at Lady-day 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1744, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Midsummer 1739, to Midsummer 1,744; distingui filing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce of the Duty of Four Shillings a Pound on Tea, from Christmas 1718, to Christmas 1723; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Tea, that have been exported from Midsummer 1739, to Mid*

Leave of Absence.

fniand Ducks on Tea, &c«

tion, and grant that he may be permitted to partake of summer 1744; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the £.60,000 given by Parliament, towards making Sa- the said Committee.

tisfabtion to his Majesty’s Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the Hcule, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, and of the Villages or Townships of Handley, Burslem, Shelton, and Fenton Culvert, in the same County, and other Places adjacent to the said Town and Villages, or Townships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Manufacturers cf earthen Pot Ware, and Traders and Dealers in the fame, and several other Sorts of Wares and Merchandizes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, labour under great Hardships upon Account of the Rates they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for Carriage of several Sorts of Goods and Merchandize; a great Part whereof is earthen Ware, of so small Value that the Carriage from these Parts *0 London, and other Places of the same Distance, to which they fend it in great Quantities, already exceeds the intrinsicValue by Sixty or Seventy Pounds per Centum, and, though of so small a Value, employs as great a Number of Hands as earthenWare of much larger Value: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the feme would be a Means of railing the Price of the Carriage in general so excessively high, as to render all Inland Traders, and the Petitioners in particular, utterly incapable of supplying foreign Markets upon as cheap Conditions as neighbouring Nations can serve them; by which means, this Kingdom will be deprived of the Sale of this and most other Sort of heavy Goods, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other Inland Traders, and their Families; which wiil increase the Number of the Poor, affectall Inland Estates, and be very detrimental to the Trade of this Nation in general: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways and Meant*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preservattoa whom the Bill to amend 'and render more effectual the fniblia Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Roads.

Supply.

York

Buildings

Company.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Muir have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Vol. 24.

Jovis, 40 dieA;

Anno 18* Georgii IIdi Regis* 1745.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Mttcalfes Con vision from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended of Smugglers, at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account (in Tu'o Papers, the one indorsed " London, and the Western Ports/'and the other indorsed " Northern Ports/’) of Per* fens convicted of the unlawful Importing or cJandestine

Landing

niqitiiaA^Coogh

Godman-chester, &c. Road.

Answer to Address.

York ~ Buildirtgi Company.

Separate !n-

corpo.-aton of Surgeons.

4" Aprilis.

.1745.

Landing or Running of prohibited or Uncustomed Goods, who have had their Fines remitted, or compounded for, since Christmas 1740; together with their Names and Places of Abode, and the bums remitted cr compounded for.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Dealers in Tea within the City of London, on behalf of 'themselves, dnd many others concerned in the said Trade; and also of the several other Petitions referred to the Confederation of the said Committee; be received.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking intd Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill-to repair and widen the Road leading from a Place called the Horseshoe Corner, in the Town of God-manchester, in the County1 of Huntingdon, through the Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to a House called the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being fevetally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafted.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday lash had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give the Directions therein desired.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, do consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom 'the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, whole Names are thereto tubferibed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Chapman took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Surgeons of London and the Barbers of London Two separate and distinct Corporations.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Preis 2 t . Line 4. After<c Augufif insertcc by the Court c< of Assistants, or the major Part of them, or."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the House. —

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fury's. for Sale of the settled and unsettled ERates of William tiutc* Parry El'quire, and for purebafing another Estate of equal Value with the iettied Estate* to be fettied to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that: this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, foi taking into Preservation further Consideration the Report from the Committee, of public to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being feve rally read a Second time, as far as the Amendment, Folio 2. Line .15. were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, Folio 2. L, \5, which was to limit: the Number of Hories drawing in Waggons or Caravan^ to Four, being read a Second time:

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. \

Mr. Fane, according to Order, Reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Duricgoa to consider of -ihe Petition of the Dealers in Tea, within T«a. the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the said Trade; stnd also of the several other Petitions refered to the Consideration of the said Committee; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read In his Place; ana afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound on all Tea consumed in Great Britain, granted by an Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George, shall, from and after the 24th Day of June next ensuing, ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in lieu of the said Duty so to be determined, therfe be granted to his Majesty, from and after the said 24th Day of June, the Inland Duties of One Shilling per Pound, and Twenty-five Pounds per Cent, on the gross Price of all Teas, as sold at public Sale, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse; the said Duties of One Shilling per Pound, and Twenty five Pounds per Cent, to be appropriated and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as by Law the present Duty of Four Shillings per Pound is appropriated and applied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the said 24th Day of June, the present Drawback of the Duty upon Tea do cease, and be no longer allowed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the united Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies} be permitted to import Tea from any Part of Europe into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon Failure of the said Company’s keeping this Market supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Tea, his Majesty be authorized to grant Licence to other Per Ions to import into this Kingdom Tea from any Part of Europe, under proper Limitations and Reftructions to be provided.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Tea Which shall be 16 imported from any Part

of

18 Geo. II. 5°

of Europe, be liable to pay the same Duties as if the same Were imported by the said Company from the East Indies, and no other.

The said Resolutions, being severalty read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Sir John Barnard* Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War* Mr. Winningtm, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Merchants A Petition of William Craufurd of Glasgow, Mer*

Claims on chant, Executor of Matthew Craufurd of Glasgow, Mer* Spain. chant, deceased, One of the Owner9 of the Ship Esther, of Glasgow, in behalf of himself, and of several other Merchants, Owners of the said Ship Esther, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 5 setting forth, That the said Ship Esther, Eneas Campbell Matter, was pressed into the Service of the King of Spain, in the Beginning of the Year 1718, and was employed to carry Stores for him to MeJJina in Sicily, where (he delivered her Loading on the 12th of August 1718, and got a Receipt from the proper Officer there of that Date, having then been Two Months and Nineteen Days in the King of Spain*s Service, at the Rate of 600 Dollars per Month, which amounted to about £.400 Sterling, but that no Payment was ever received for the said Freight, occasioned by the War immediately breaking out with Spain: That, in the Beginning of the Year 1719, the said Ship being freighted to Smyrna, from thence to Civita Vecca and Leghorn, was attacked by a Spanish Privateer, and, after a ttout Resistance (having killed the Privateer Sixteen Men, and wounded Thirty-two), was taken by the said Privateer, and condemned as a legal Prize, the Value of the said Ship being £. 2,000, and the Freight due to her, for a very conllderable Cargo, upwards off. S00, which, including the Freight due by the King of Spain, makes the whole Loss amount to £.3,200. That, in the Year 1721, the Petitioners presented their Claim to the Lords of the Treasury, and to the Secretaries of State, and in the Year 1730, they likewise presented the same to the Court of Admiralty, pursuant to an Order made for that Purpose: I hat, in the said Year 1730, the Petitioners, by the Hands of Meflleurs John ana William Crawfurd Merchants, in London, gave their Claims and Papers relating to this Ship to John Crookjhanks Esquire, Secretary to the Commissaries who were appointed by his Majesty to go ro Spain, to adjust these Lottes 5 but that the said John Crookjhanks being since dead, and his Son, who was his Executor, being abroad in his Majesty’s Service, a Captain of a Man of War in the Mediterranean, and in whose Custodyall the said Mr. Crookjhank*s Papers are, the Petitioners have thereby been rendered unable to rake the proper Steps which other Merchants, under the like Circumstances, have done; and that several Merchants who were Sufferers, from the Year 1718 to the Year 1721, have applied to the House, that they may have Satisfaction for their Lottes out of the £. 60,000 granted by the House, the 14th Day of May 1739. to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain: And therefore praying the House, That the Lottes of the Petitioners may be taken into Consideration, and that they may be infilled to the like Share of the said £. 60,000 as the House shall think fit to allot toother Merchants, although they have not gone through all the necessary Forms as some of them have done, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidemtion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain,

Vol. 24.

Aprilis. 853

and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight, are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Laws against Report from the Committee of the whole House* to Gaming. Whom the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Actionnear whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Toulon. Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewalt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry. /

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 5* die Aprilis }

Anno 18° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1743*

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Lewis, from Bonds for the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Bonds, since the 24th Decmber 1739, have, and where, been entered into, and by whom, to his Majesty, in what Penalties, by way of Security, and the particular Species of Wool therein mentioned to be entered and shipped, should be landed, according to the respective Conditions of such Bonds, distinguishing such Bonds as have been discharged by Certificate of the Customer, or Collector, or Comptroller, of the Pert and Place in Great Britain or Ireland, where the Species of Wool therein mentioned were delivered or landed, and such of the said Bonds as have been put in Suit, and the Proceedings that have been had thereon, and what of the said Bonds now remain undischarged; viz.

N° 1. An Account of Bonds taken for carrying Wool Coast-ways, for the 24 December 1739 to the 24 December 1743.

N° 2. An Account of Bonds taken for granting Licences for importing Wool, &c. from Ireland, for the same Time.

10 H N* 3.

ni^i

—— i

£>oogl<

Hohbes*

Estate.

Privilege.

854 50 Apri 1745.

N° 3. An Account of Bonds taken in Ireland, for lading and exporting of Wool, &V. to England, for the same Time.

N° 4, An Account of Wool Bonds prosecuted for the same Time.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Sheep's Wool entered in the Districts of the Wool Registers in the Counties of Kent and Sufex, and of the Quantity permitted to be carried out of those Districts, and what remains Stock in Hand, from Michaelmas 1734 to Mi-lhaelmas 1744; distinguishing how much a Year, in every respective Year; viz.

N° 1. The P.eturn of Mr. Collier, for the County of Kent.

N° 2. The Return of Mr. Battine, for the County of

ISuJJc'X.

Together with Schedules of the said Accounts.

1 And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be'perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Proby, Mr. Mellifi, Mr. Williams, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Rodolph Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children, is committed.

The House being informed. That Cafar Ward attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and the printed Paper, intituled. The York Courant, printed for Cafar Ward, Bookseller, in Coney-fired, and dated Tuesday, February 26, 1744-5, (which Paper was, upon Friday the 8th Day of March last, brought up to the Table) being shewn to him at the Bar, he confellld that he printed the said Paper, and exprenbd his Sorrow for his printing therein an Account of the Proceedings of this House, declaring that he did not know the same to be an Offence, and would not have done it if he had, and promising not to be guilty of the like for the future.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of February 1728, in relation to the Resolutions of the House, against giving, in written or printed Newspapers, any Account or Minutes of the Debates or other Proceedings of this House, or of any Committee thereof, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of March 1728, in relation to the Censure and Punishment inflicted by the House upon John Stanly, for writing and dispersing a written News Letter, containing an Account of some Proceedings of this House, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in the York Courant, dated Tuesday, March 5, 1744-5, printed for Cafar Ward, an Account is inserted of some Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House:

The said York Courant, so dated, was brought up to the Table, and several Paragraphs thereof, containing the said Account, were read.

The laid Cafar Ward being again called in, and the said last mentioned York Courant being shewn to him, he confeifed that he printed the fame, and expressed his Sorrow for so doing, declaring and promising as before.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the Account of the Proceedings of this House, Contained in the said York Courant, which, upon Friday

16

the 8th Day of March, was brought up to the Table, was read.

Resolved, That the said Cafar Ward, Printer of the York Courant, having printed the Proceedings of this House, and of a Committee thereof, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Cafar Ward be now brought to the Bar of this House, and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker for his said Offence ;*

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ttlta forth. Y} 84.

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

He was brought in accordingly; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole the elder have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurslon and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying, Part of the settled Estate oft Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Last-age and Ballastage in the River Thames, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, his Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a North-weft Passage, through Hudson's Straits, to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Paul, Covent-Gar deny in the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to trie House, and read; setting forth. That the Pavements within the said Parish are become so bad, that the public Streets and Ways are, in many Places, rendered not only inconvenient, but dangerous to his Majesty's Subjects, which Grievance the Petitioners more particularly labour under, from the Situation of the said Parish, it being the principal Passage for all Carts to and from the neighbouring Wharfs; and that, notwithstanding no Care or Expence hath been wanting to keep the said Streets in Repair, yet the Petitioners find it impracticable, from the vail Number of Carriages continually passing through the same with heavy Loads, the Wheels of which are Ihod with Iron: And therefore praying, That the House (before which a Bill to remedy the said Grievance is now depending) will he pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill

ti

Leave of A b fence.

Mathew’s

Divorce.

Keck's

Estate.

Laftage, Sec. on the Thames.

Discoveries in Hurifon’s Bay.

Westminster Paving,

i8 Geo. IL 5 6 855

to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled-. An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels Ihod with Iron, is committed, be received.

Drawbacks A Petition of the principal Merchants, and Traders in on foreign Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about Linens, Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further Encouragements to their Manufactures, and particularly by taking off the Drawbacks payable at present on the Exportation of foreign Linens: That such Linens are, (though indirectly, yet in Reality) a Part of the Returns for British Woollen Manufactures, wrought up by the Petitioners, and many Thousands other British Subjects, and exported to foreign Parts, to the great Advantage of this Kingdom: And representing to the House, Thar the Petitioners have too much Reason to apprehend, that if any further Burthen should be laid, either on the Importation or Exportation of those Linens, which are already charged with Duties greatly exceeding those payable on our Woollen Manufactures abroad, it may be a.Means of giving Occasion for the like or greater Discourage-- ments, to such of our Woollen Manufactures as are exported to foreign Parts, and may be attended with other Consequences very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Drawbacks may not be taken off nor any further Discouragements given to the Importation of foreign Linens, Threads, and Tapes.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trtfervation A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are of public thereunto subscribed, being Traders in the Town of Roads. Skept on Mallett, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already Hand, are under great Hardships upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers for the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes: That the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before this House, intituled, A Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being'for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Meam of railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the inland Traders, and to the Detriment of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Con toleration; and give them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.; (1

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Debate upon One of the Amendments, made to the said Bill by the Committee to whom the same was committed, be resumed.

Merchants A Petition of Nicholas Dennys Merchant, in behalf of Claims on himself and Partners, being offered to be presented to the Spain. House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner and Partners 1 uttered a considerable Loss in Trade, by a Seizure and Depredations committed by the Spaniards in the Year 17iS, the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by them, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soissons, and afterwards to the Commissioners for Vol. 24.

Trade and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That a Commission has lately issued, for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniards, at the Commencement of the present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named are only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained Losses in the Year 1721, and from that Time; so that those who suffered before that Time are excluded any Relief, but by an Application, to Parliament: That a Petition hath been lately presented to the House, by several Merchants of London, who* have sustained Lofffis by Depredations of the Spaniards, praying a'Satisfaction for their Losses out of the £. 60,000, granted by Parliament and remaining uridisposed of; and the Petitioners conceive they are equally intitled to Relief, as "any other/ their Fellow Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take the unfortunate same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them Relief out of the said'

Money given by Parliament, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and 1

also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Giles Rooke of London, Merchant, in be- Merchant* half of himself, and of Leonard Cropp of Southampton, ot*

Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House; &panu

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition,. recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Ship the Three Brothers, whereof Thomas Stephens was Master, laden with Coals and other Goods, being on a Voyage from Southampton to Oporto, was, on the 15th June 1727, taken by a Spanish Privateer, and carried into Vigo, where the said Ship and Cargo were condemned: That, through Inadvertency, the necessary Proofs were not made in due Time, before the Commissaries who went from Great Britain to Spain: That several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers, are now applying to this House, to have a Satisfaction for their Losses out of the £. 60,000, granted by the House, the 14th Day of May 1739, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain: And therefore praying the House to take this Lois also into Consideration; and that the Sufferers may be intitled to such Share out of the £.60,000, as shall be allotted to other Merchants, although the Petitioners have not strictly pursued the necessary Forms which feme others have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight: are referred: And that theydo examine, and state to the House* the Matter of Fact contained in this Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to repair and widen the Road lead- Godman* ing from a Place called the Horjejhoe Corner, in the Town of Godmanchester, in the County of HuntingdonK through 8 the Towns of Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to' a House called the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 25. After " Bennett," to infeit " Robert " Bridge

L. 35. After " Cole," to insert William " Cole Clerk

Press. 2. L. 21. After " Johnfonto insert " Robert " King Esquire 2"

Prefi

856

5° — 6aJprilis.

A-1745-

Sir

Rutherford" to insert Western" to insert "'Thomas

Press 3. L. 17. After " Robert Smith Baronet:’

L* 26. After "

" Wale Esquire."

And the same Were, -upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repair and widen the Itoad leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Office of A Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner, Coroner. wa9 rea(j a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Keck’a

Estate.

An ingrossecj Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying, Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for raising Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned , was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Comp my, Boatmen,

Half Gallies or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, from the 30th of September 1744 to 24th December 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have 1 Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

of public Roads,

York

Buildings

Company.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Prefemtjo* adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed.

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply BiHj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ' _SinkinS House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the

Sir John Chapman, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the ’Thames Watei in York Buildings, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Creditors of the said Company, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of /. C,i27. 14*. id. being the principal

.. \ r P 1 . 1^1 OUIX1 01 money uui ui me oiiitimti a uiju, luwaius ujc

Money remaining due for the Purchase of the late Lord s , for the7 Service of the Year 1745 5 and for re-

TaVEualu 'V*? n°Ty r Northumberland,‘J7 s Waste imported.

contracted for by the York Buildings Company, be ac- r ° / r

cepted in full Discharge of the Purchase-money for that

Estate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for the forfeited Estates, be authorized and impowered to execute proper Conveyances of the said Estate to the Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of the said Sum into his Majesty’s Exchequer.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord Widdringlons Estate, in the County of Northumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company*, to Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer: And that Sir John Chapman, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Edwin, and Mr. Phillip-Jin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Africa*

Company*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, 1 Bounties resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon on Lu* the Bill for allowing certain additional Bounties Qn the export Exportation of British and Irish Linens.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Clandestioe resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation of so-reign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Aprilts;

Anno 18° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Greenwich Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Hospital. the more effectual.recovering and collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich: And that Mr. George Grenville and Mr. Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

SIR John Chapman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord Widdrington'% Estate, in the County of Northumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s

Exchequer:

York

Buildinj

Compar

18 Geo. II.

8°

Exchequer: And the same was received* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulation of Mr. Edwin, reported from the Committee ro whbni Carts and the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third

London Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Williams

ar.d Queen Mary, intituled, an Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bounties on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into cx‘ a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for al-p 0 lowing certain additional Bounties* on the Exportation of British and Jrip Linens.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Hooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reporr, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Clandcstine The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Expo nation J^0l]fe> upon the Bill for effectually preventing the Ex-Lineni?^0 por-acion of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or lrip Linens.

Mr. Speaker lefr the Chair.

Mr. Hooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hooper reponed from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And’then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lienee^ 8° die Apr ills \

' Anno i8# Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Tauntod FjRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. . to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this preferic Parliament for the Borough of Taunton in the County of Somerset, in the room of John Buck Esquire, deceased.

Skipwith’a An ingrossed Bill from the Lordsv intituled, An Act for Estate. appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Part of ,the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, with Dame Urjula his Wife, , and for Sale of Part of his settled Efiace, for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Watk. JVms. Wynne, Mr. Fellows, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Dap wood, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Blagrave, Vol. 24.

Mr. Nicholas Fenwickr Sir Cordel Ftrebrace, Sir Roper Newdigate, Mr, Potency, Mr. Prowse, Mr. (,a*’ew, Mr.

Lyjler, Dr. Butler, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mi‘. oydenbam,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wodekcufe, Mr. Gray, Sir John Philipps, Sir James Grant, Mr. Benjamin Bathurst, Mr. Phil-lipfon, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Hobjn, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Hooper, Mr. HUB, Mr. Compton, Lord Cornlury, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Baynlun, Sir John Barrington, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Fere, Mir. Waltert Mr. Whichcote, Lord Limerick, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. GWynne, Sir Charles Kem.

Tynte, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Dodington, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Crop, Sir Roger Bfadpaigh, Sutton’*

Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord Perceval, Sir John Philipps, Sir E[late-Humphrey Hoteorth, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr,

Bennet, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charles Montague, Mr.

Gapry, Mr. Knight, Dr. Butler, Mr. Winford, Mr. Fellow es^ Mr. Kent, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Cope, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Ldmbe, Sir James Grant, be added to the Committee to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the Jail Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eaton's for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton Estate« deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worceftet College, in the University of Oxford, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchaseoffee-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Corn-bury, Mr. West, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hdy, Mr.

Carew, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sydenham, Major Selivyn, Mr. Brookpank, Mr. Lyjler, Mr, Mellip, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Houblon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Of it)aid. Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Givynn,

Mr. Hooper, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Torke, Mr. Par-her. Admiral Vernon, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Hales, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Robert Grosve-nor, Admiral Mathews, Sir Francis Dap wood. Sir John Philipps; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Carew, according tb Order, reported from the Laws again it Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tb Gaming, explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excefllve and deceitful Gaming, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they hid directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- menes, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hdufe.

Clause B being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the 3d Section of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races; and for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; might be read:

10 I AriJ

1

858 8° Aprili A. 1745*

And the same was read accordingly 5 Then the said Clause was, with Amendments thereto, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the ne*t Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the 8th Section of the said Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Papers re- Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to fp^gAd- their Address to his Majesty,

thews3 and" Copy a Letter from Vice Admiral Mathews to the

Lestock. Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Vice Admiral Mathews against Rear Admiral Lejtoik; Villa Franca Harbour, June 6th, 1742.

Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Vice Admiral Mathews against Rear Admiral Lejlock-y Villa Franca Harbour, July 25, 1742.

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Lejlock to the Duke of NewcaJ^e; Hieres Road, October 28, 1742.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Admiral Ma-. thews against Vice Admiral Lejlock; Vila Franca Harbour, July 17th, 1743.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Admiral Mathews against vice Admiral Lejlock, Villa Franca Harbour, October 1 irh, 1743.

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Admiral Mathews against Vice Admiral Lejlocky Hieres Roady January 3d 174L

Copy of a Letter from Admiral Mathews to the Duke of Newcastle, so far as it relates to any Misunderstanding between, or any Jealousies or Complaints of Admiral Mathews against Vice Admiral Lejlock; Hieres Road, January 26, 174L

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Boon tie a on Mr. Hooper, according to Order, reported from the

Linens ex- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

pcjrted. allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation

of British and Irish Linens, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had mack, to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment*, be ingrossed.

Clandestine Mr. Nooper also, according to Order, reported from Exportation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Foreign effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, Linens. under the Denomination of British or Ir'tjb Linens, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Charles Davie, Executor to Charles Daviey Merchant*' his lace Uncle, deceased, in behalf of himself and Partner, Claims on being offered to be presented to the House; Spain.-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; seeing forth, That the Petitioner and Partner suffered a co.n-siderable Loss in Trade, by a Seizure and Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in the Year 1718, the Accounts and Vouchers whereof were duly delivered by them, according to public Norice, first to the Commissionera Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain at Cambray and Soif-Jonsy and afterwards to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, when Commifliaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That a Commission has lately ifllied for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprisals from the Spaniardsy at the Commencement of che present War with Spain, amongst the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named are only impowered to settle and adjust the Claims of such as have sustained L.offes in the Year 1721, and from that Time; so that those who fufr fered before that Time are excluded any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament: That a Petition hath been lately presented to the House, by several Merchants of London, who have sustained Losses by Depredations of the Spaniards, praying a Satisfaction for their Losses out of the 60,000l. granted by Parliament, and remaining undisposed of; and that the Petitioners conceive they are equally intitled to Relief, as any other their Fellow Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take the unfortunate same of the Petitioner and Partner into Consideration, and to grant them Relief out of the said Money given by Parliament, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and (fate to the House, the Matter of Fa6t contained in this Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Killett, of Great Yarmouth, Esquire, Ditto. Executor of William Killett Esquire, deceased, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners and late Commander of the Ship called Ybe Prince of Wales, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav- ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition* recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fee-ting forth, That the said Ship The Prince of Wales, Nathanael Colbey Matter, with all her Guns, Stores, Tackle* f£c. was seized and taken by the Spaniardsy in the Harbour or Mole of Palermo, the Fifth Day of August 1718; and in 1721 a Treaty of Peace was made with Spain, in which it was stipulated, That all Ships and Goods, &c, seized in Harbour, or taken on the Seas, betwixt the Years 1718 and 1721, should be restored, or paid for according to their Value: That several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers from 1718 to 1721, are now applying to the House, that they may have Satisfaction for their Losses out of the 6o,ocoL granted by this House, the 14th May 1739, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain:

And therefore praying, That this Loss may be taken into Consideration, and be intitled to such Share of the said Sixty thousand Pounds, as shall be allotted to the

other

Condemnation of Prizes.

Establishing Regulations for the Navy*

Muster Warrants of Troops in America.

Supply.

18 Geo. II. 8°

other Merchants, although he has not gone through all the necessary Forms as some of them have done, or that this House will grant such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; are referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland; and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame: And that Mr. George Grenville and Mr. Anjon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 13 th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service: And that Mr. George Grenville, Sir John Hind Cot ton, and the Lord Baltimore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gradually pleased to give Directions, that no Warrant be granted to muster complete any Regiment, Troop, Company, or Forces, under any Denomination, employed in any of his Majesty’s Wands or Colonies in America, until a Certificate be first had from the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, that Proof hath been made, upon Oath, of the real Numbers of which such Regiment, Troop, Company, or Forces, did consist, during the Time or Times for which such Warrant shall be granted; and that, in such Certificate, there be also set forth to whac public Service in which the said Forces are employed, the Sums saved by the Pay of the non-effective Men have been applied; and that the said Certificate or Certificates be annexed to such Warrant to muster complete, and a Duplicate thereof lodged in the Office of the Secretary at War for the time being.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed himto report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ac the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committer, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Sixty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Gallies or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, from the 30th of September 1744 to the 24th of December 1745.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

.Vol. 24.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, accord- Greenwich ing to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Recovering Hospiul. and Coiled ing of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Missing have Leave to go into the Leave of Ab-Country, upon Account of the Indifpofidon of his Lady. fcncc-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, nKing upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Fun *c* Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Waste imported; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at Half an Hour after Six of the Clock, resolve itself into a , Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Prefemtion adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made of PuWic by the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render Rot more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, was committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Woollen Ma-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to nufadure. consider further of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland;

Resolvea, That this House will, upon Wednsjday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Office of Co-resolve iefeif into a Committee of the whole House, upon roner. the Bill for the better Ordering the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Regulation whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the of Cam and Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King m

William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels ffiod with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Wimdngton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House, That the Resolution, That Rye Harbour. a Sum, not exceeding Twemy-three thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners for the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to finish and complete the Works necessary for opening the said Harbour, and rendering it more useful and commodious (which was, upon the 25th Day of February last, reported from uie Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House), might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought it: pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Winnington, M r. Sydenham; and Mr. Henry Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon at Sinking Half an Hour after Six of the Clock, upon the Bill for ua c granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Service of

e

Bounty on Linens exported*

t

drawbacks on Foreign Linens.

Mo 8° — 90 Aprilis. j4. 1745.

the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Waste imported;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or Contrails; and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

off, nor any further Discouragements given to the Importation of foreign Linens, Thread, and Tape.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keck* for charging, felling, and applying, Part of the settled Estate* Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for raising Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Daily and Brough-ton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carewy Mr. CodolphtHy Mr. Lyftery Major Selwyn, Mr. FeUowes9 Mr. Sbirley, Lord GraMrdy Mr. Dawhinsy Lord Adv. of Scotland, Mr. Compton, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Walter y Mr. Hume, Dr. Butler, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Charles Kent. Tynte, Lord Limerick, Mr. Packer, Mr.

West, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pilsworth, Mr. Hoblyn,

Sir John Chapman, Mr. Paw let t, Lord Carteret, Sir John Cust, Sir fames Grant, Mr. Prowfey Mr. Tucker, Mr. Campbell of Pemb. Mr. Rob. Williams, Sir Geo. Oxenden%

Sir Hen. Liddell, Mr. Ofv)aldy Sir Edrit. Thomas, Lord Duppliny Mr. Rofsy Mr. Waifon, Mr. Mackie, Sir Fra. Dashwoody Mr. Hooper, Lord Geo. Graham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, 'Nor-folky Berks, Warwick, Lincoln, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mart is, 9° die Aprilis;

Anno iS° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745* Prayers.

THE House being informed,- That Mr. Bowles, Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Linens intitled to the Bounty granted by an Act of the 15th and 16th of his present Majesty, which have been exported from Lady day 1743, to Christmas 1744.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Borough of HelJloney in Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented by sundry Persons, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Linens, Threads, and Tapes, made in Great Britain and Ireland, praying further Encouragements to their Manufactures, and particularly by taking off the Drawbacks payable at the present on the Exportation of foreign Linens: That such Linens are (though indirectly, yet in reality) a Part of the returns for British Woollen Manufactures, wrought up by the Petitioners, and many Thousands other British Subjects, and exported 'to foreign Parts, to the great advantage of this Kingdom: That the Petitioners have but too much Reason to apprehend, that if any further Burthen should be laid either on the Importation or Exportation of those Linens, which are already charged with Duties greatly exceeding those payable on our Woollen Manufactures abroad, it may be a means of giving Occasion for the like or greater Discouragements to such of our Woollen Manufactures as are exported to foreign Parts, and may be attended with other Consequences very prejudicial to the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That the said Drawbacks may not be taken

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Clandestme Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Exportation whale House, to whom the Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments^made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to impower the surviving Commissioners and York Build-Trustees for forfeited Estates to execute proper Convey- in8s Com" ances of the late Lord Widdrington1 s Estate, in the County pany* of Northumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Mefifage from the Lords, by Mr. Thursion and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vest- Lufcombe’s ing Part of the Estate late of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, Estate. deceased, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Proteflingo for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Linen, Ll^ns, &c. Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, ,t^ie£nu ac‘ Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The

i8 Geo. II. f — 10* Api

Justices of The Lards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Peace Qua- to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed irt lification. year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sandwich A Petition of divers Merchants, Commanders of Ships, and Ramsgate and others, whose Ships and Goods pass outwards and Harbours. homewards through the Downs, in behalf of themselves, and all others trading that Way, was presented to the House, and read* fetring forth, That a Report, and Estimate subjoined, with Plans annexed, hath been laid before the House, for making a safe and commodious Harbour into the Downs, near SandownCattk, fit for the Reception and Security of large Merchantmen, and Ships of War of Sixty or Seventy Guns; and that a further Estimate is to be prepared, of the Charge of purchasing. Lands proper for effecting this Scheme: That the Petitioners are tho-j-oughly sensible of the Necessity of a Harbour in or near the Dozens, for the Security of the Navigation of this Kingdom; and that their Views are only to have it at the fitted Place; and representing to the House the Opinion of the Petitioners, that a more convenient Harbour may be made at or near Ramsgate, capable of containing a greater Number of Merchantmen, and Ships of War of Sixty or Seventy Guns, on account of the advantageous Situation of the Place, and Setting of the Tides, where no Back-water will be wanted, and where Docks and Launches may be made on a natural and folkj Foundation; and that there will likewise be a Saving to the Public of several Hundred thousand Pounds, as the Petitioners verily believe: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, in order to have a Survey taken, and Report made, if a Harbour cannot be fixed at or near Ramsgate, more proper for answering the main Ends intended by that proposed near Sandown Castle, with an Estimate of the Charge, for the House to be fully informed which Situation of the Two will be most beneficial to the Navigation of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Corn-

Fund mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting

und> c* to hjj Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Supply for the Year 1745 $ and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers Waste imported; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

.Laws against Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming

GamiDg. the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order beingread accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Preservation The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the of public adjourned Debate upon One of the A mendments, made Roads. by the Committee, to the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

VOL. 24.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- Call of the ing read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned rifl this Day Two Months.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Aaion near to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Toulon* to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Ordered, That the several Papers Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Comptroller, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comewall reported from the Committee, That the Committee had, in the Course of their Inquiry, examined several Persons upon the Subject-matter to them referred and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him ro report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the RepofN be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Comewall also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the said Inquiry.

The other Orders of the Day being read; '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Office of Co-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon roner. the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Regulation whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the of Carts and Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King P.cr8in William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels food with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 10° die Aprilis;

Arnio 18° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lnfcombe’s for vetting Part of the Estate late of Richard Luf- Estate. combe Esquire, deceased, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the ClandetHue adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Exportation mitteeof the whole House, to whom the Bill for effectu- Linens!8*11 ally preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

10K Mr.

Sutton’s

Estate.

Laws against Gaming.

Lancaster

Writ.

Preservation

of -ublic Roads.

Mathew’s

Divorce.

Hobbes*

Estate.

86 2

lio° Aprilis. 1745.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows $ viz.

Press 1. Line 32. After €€ yearly," insert u Rent."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon, the Qu eft ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Or.der of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Conf deration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent exceftive and deceitful Gaming, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lah-cajier, in the room of Sir Thomas Lowther Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ate thereunto subscribed. being Traders in the Town of Great ledwin, in the County of H ilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as the Laws already stand, are under great Hardships, upon Account of what they are obliged to pay to common Carriers fur the Carriage of their Goods and Merchandizes; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if the Bill, now before the House, inticuled, A Bill to amend and render more efflftual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means ofratfing the Price of the Carriage of Goods and Merchandizes all over the Kingdom of Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all other the Inland Traders, and to the Detriotent of the Trade in general of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give such Relief to them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made to the said Bill by the Committee, to whom the same was committed, be resumed.

making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the JParties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 11. Line 39. Leave out " all:"

Line 40. Leave outi€ any," and insert<: a ;v and leave out " or Bond," and leave out from " ob-<c tained" to <cand," in Line 41, and insert " in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas, in Michaelmas Term, c< in the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,.by " John Thompson Clerk, deceased, on a Bond bearing Date " the 5th Day of December 1726, entered into by the said €< Rodolph Hobbes the Son to him the said John Thompson,

" in the penal Sum of 220 Pounds, on Condition for the " Payment of One hundred and T cn Pounds, with the Interest thereof."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Waysaad to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Meam. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. / ane reported trom the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conOder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answert® Address of Monday last had been presented to his Majesty; Addref*. and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, ^at_Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Smugglers indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful Indemnity, Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, un-customed, or other Goods Or Merchandize: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mi \ Winnings on, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Carew, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor Genera), and, Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cornewall, according to Order, reported from the Aaionnea An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Toukm. to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Penelope Smith, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry MilTarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was near fou;on, in the Mediterranean, against the combined read the First time. Fleets of France and Spain, the Resolutions, which the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and the ingrossed Bill trom the Lords, intituled, An Act for are as followeth; viz.

Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Effaces of Rodolph Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for That his. Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean, at the discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for Time of the Engagement last Year near Toulon, was fu-

perior

18 Geo. II.

i o°- — 110

863

Court Martial on Capt. Norris.

Action near Toulon.

Preservation of public Roads»

Supply.

African

Company.

Woollen Manufacture.

perior in Force to the combined Fleets of France and Spain.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Miscarriage in that Action reflects on the Honour of his Majesty’s Arms, and was highly detrimental to the common Cause, and to the Interest of these Kingdoms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is lleafon to apprehend, from the Evidence laid before the Committee, that the said Miscarriage was owing to a Misconduct and Misbehaviour in some of the Commanders and Officers of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Papers transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, relating to the Court Martial lately held in the Mediterranean, to inquire into the Conduct of Captain Richard Norris; and all Proceedings relating the reunto.

Ord red’ Thac the said Audress be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, Thar the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action lad Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spam, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved icself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upon One of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve icself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Jovisy 11° Hie;

Anno 18° Georgii IIJl Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sutton* for re&ifying a Mistake in a Settlement made byv^ftalc* Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging Incumbrances, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hobbes* Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Rodolph Estate. Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Fund, &c.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Billj Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, towards the Sinking^ Supply for the Service of the Year 1745; and for repealing the Duties upon Soapers WTafte imported; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of £. 800,000 out of the Sinking Fund; and for granting a Sum, remaining in the Exchequer (arisen by the Surplus of the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry), for the Service of the Year 1745; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Harwich Clerk of the‘Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of John Phillipson Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor

General of his Majesty’s Woodson the North and South Side of the River Trent.

Office of Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Coroner. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 24.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Oxford Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Henry Legge Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing certain additional Boun- Bounties on ties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, was Linens ex-read the Third time. ported.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P- 4.

4

-----... ..PigttizerihyGOO

Clandestine , Exportation ef foreign Linens.

Answer to Address.

Laws against Gaming.

Rye Harbour.

Godman-chester, &e. Road.

Hobbes*

Jfcihue.

864 ii° Aprilis.A. 1745.

P.4. Line 23. To leave out " and, " and insert "or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. Line 14. After "hereby," to insertccorby " any other Law now in Force

Press 5. Line 17. To leave out "in order to their be-u ing intitled to a Bounty on Exportation."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent exceftive and deceitful Gaming, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

The Clause C (One of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill), which, upon Monday last, was read a Second time, was amended.

The said Clause, so amended, and several other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to; and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilmington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to enable the Commissioners for the Harbour of Ryey in the County of S'ujfex, to finifti and complete the Works necessary for opening the said Harbour, and rendering it more useful and commodious: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing-house on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Redolph Hobbes Gentle-

man, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for making Provision for his Wife and Infant Children: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the lettled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for discharging incumbrances,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the present Inland Duty of Shillings per Pound W eight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tea that have been exported to Ireland or the Plantations, from Midsummer 1739, to Midsummer 1744; distinguishing each Year and Place; and also an Account of what Quantities of such Tea have been landed in Ireland5 distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of William Brooker, Master and chief Owner of the Ship called the Faro Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty^ Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the said Ship, going from New England to Bilboa in Spain, did, in October 1718, in her Passage, put into Castroy and that though no War was then declared between Great Britain and Spain, yet the Governor seized the said Ship and Cargo, consisting of 1,305 Quintals of dried Cod Fiffi, and 5,000 Hogshead Staves, on Freight, as appears by Bill of Lading; and that the Petitioner had also on board the said Ship 200 Quintals of dried Cod Fish for his own Account, over and above the 1,305 Quintals on Freight; which 200 Quintals of dried Cod Fish were then worth at lead £. 270 Sterling Money: That the said Ship (her Materials and Stores being all intirely new. One Voyage to Oporto only excepted) was really worth £.750 Sterling at the Time of Capture, when was also due, for Freight of the said Ship, ,£.380 Sterling; which made up the whole Loss sustained by the Petitioner, and those interested with him, the Sum of £. 1,400 Sterling; but that the Petitioner is himself by far the greatest: Sufferer: That, some time in April 1719, the Petitioner did, by Night, escape on board a Butch Ship, who, about the Nineteenth of the said Month, fell in with Admiral Norris's Squadron cruizing in the Mouth of the Channel; and the Petitioner being lent for on board the said Admiral, gave him an Account of his said Loss; and, in Two or Three Days after, the Petitioner was put on Shore at Portsmouthy and there directly made Oath of his said Loss: That, in June 1728, according to public Notice, the Petitioner did apply to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and delivered in his Account of his said Loss, to be sent to Spain to the Commissaries there; but hath never had any Redress: And therefore praying. That he may be admitted to partake of the £. 60,000 granted by Parliament, and remaining undisposed of; or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com-nvttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to 1 consider

Sutton's

Estate.

InlandDutiei on Tea, Src.

Tea exported to Ireland, &c.

Merchants Claims oa Spain.

Ways and Means.

18 Geo. II. 113

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an additional Duty of id. per Ell be laid upon all Cambricks and French Lawns, which shall be imported into Great Britain after the 24th Cay of June next, except such as dial I be again exported.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was* upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuance to the said Resolution, and also pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the First Day of this instant Aprils were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and Lawns, and were then agreed1 to by the House: And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Winnington, the Lord Strange, and Dr: Cotes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Condem- Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, accord-

Nation of ing to Older, a Bill for preventing Delays in Condemning nzes. of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland; and for putting an End to all un* necessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Action near Mr. Cor new all, according to Order, reported from the Toulon. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to proceed further in the Inquiry into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Courts Martial may be held, in the most speedy and solemn Manner, to inquire into the Conduct of Admiral Mathews, Vice Admiral Lestock, Captain Burrish, Captain Richard Norris, Captain Williams, Captain Ambrose, Captain Frogmore, Captain Dilk, and the Lieutenants at that time on board the Dorsetshire, in, and relating to, the late Engagement be* tween his Majesty’s Fleet and the combined Fleets of France and Spain, off Toulon, and of all other Officers who are, or shall be, charged with any Misconduct iil that Action, and to try them for the same and that his Majesty would be pleased to appoint a proper Person or Persons to collect all the Evidence necessary for the Trials of the said several Commanders and Officers, and to prosecute them effectually, in order to bring those to condign Punishment, through whose Misconduct it shall be found that such Discredit has been brought upon his Majesty’s Arms, the Honour of the Nation sacrificed, and such an Opportunity loft of doing the most important Service to the common Cause.

And Mr. Cornewall moved the House accordingly. Amendments were proposed to be made to the Quefe tion, by leaving out the Words "and of the Lieutenants " at that time on board the Dorsetshire" and inferring, after the Word " Toulon" these Words, " and of the " Lieutenants of his Majesty’s Ship the Dorsetshire, then €C on board."

And the Question being put. That the Words " and the Lieutenants at that time on board the Dorsetshire Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That, after the Word 4S Toulon" the Words w and of the Lieutenants of his Majesty’s Ship the Dorsetshire, then on board,’* be inferred j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put \

Vox.. *4.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented tohii Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Courts Martial may be held, in the most speedy and solemn Manner, to inquire into the Conduct of Admiral Mathews, Vice Admiral Lestock, Captain Bur-rish. Captain Richard Norris, Captain Willi arts, Captain Ambrose, Captain Frogmore, Captain Dilk, in, and relating to, the late Engagement between his Majesty’s Fleet and the (combined Fleets of Ffdnce. and Spain, cff Toulon, and of the Lieutenants of his Majesty’s Ship the Dorsetshire, then aboard, and of all other Officers who are, or shall be, charged with any Misconduct in that Action, and to try them for the feme; and that^his Majesty would be pleased to appoint a pr< per Person or Persons to collect all the Evidence necessary for the Trials of the said several Commanders and Officers, and to pro- 1 feciite them effectually, in order to bring those to condign Punishment* through Whose Misconduct it shall I t found that such Discredit has been brought upon lm Majesty’s Arms, the Honour of the Nation sacrificed* and inch an Opportuni ty loft of doing the most important Service to the common Cause. M

Ordered, That the said Addfefs be presented to his '

Majesty by the whole House. tT J

Ordered, That the Resolutions, Yesterday reported from the said Committee, and then agreed to by the House, be humbly laid before his Majesty, at the same time that the said Address shall be presented to his Ma

v. (

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Gt>pies CourtMartbl of the Minutes of the Court Martial lately held upon on Captain Captain Bury, late Commander of his Majesty‘s Ship the Bur/« Solebay.

A Motion was made* and the Question being jput, Riguliting That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the the Choice Choice of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor $ and to amend some Defects in an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled*

An Act for the Relief of the Poor;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telltt! for the You,; syjmiia I ' }

Toller, forth. Not, j(££ jjgj,. j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Ordered, That Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Thomas Gore; and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in* the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Prefemtmu adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendmetfts, made °(_P£jj*,c by the Committee, to the Bill to amend and render oa s* more effectual the Laws in being for the Preservation of the public Roads;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to York resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,- fcuildings upon the Bill for impowering the surviving Commissioners Company, and Trustees for forfeited Estates to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord fViddriugton's Estate, in the County of Northumberland, contrafted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum Of Money* therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Cori- Regulation sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Lar,s Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third London/* Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Williani and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways and for settling the 10 L Rates

U6

11° — 170

A. 1745.

Rates of Carriage of Goods,.relating to the Inhabitants witi in the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels lhod with Iron; was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Consideration To-, tnorrow Sevennight;

The House divided. r

.The Yeas went forth. ,....

Inland Duties oit Tea,

Tellers for the Yeas,

J Mr. Tho. Gore, ’(Mr. Compton:

Tellers fo/the Noes J Lord leiiers for the JNoes,jMr

So it jwas resolved in the Affirmative.

11.

African

Company.

Office of Coroner,

The other Orders of the Day being read; fRjfolved, That this House will, upon £his Day Seven-, pight, resolveitself into aCommictee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill for, the better ordering the Office of Coroner. ';

:And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Mornin^ next,’Nine of the Clock.

Pk

Mercuriiy 170 die Aprilts;

Anno 18° Georgii iru Regis, 1745.

AYER S'.

Privy

Coun- /ORDERED, That such Members of this House as when^he^* arc of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council King will be d^jhumbly ki(>ow, Ivis Majesty’s Pleasure when he will* be attended;. -attended by this House.

Tea^xported to Ireland,&c.

The.House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the C'Ullpms, attended at the Door;

the Commissioners for executing the 'Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer; together with a Copy of the said Scheme,

A Bill for repealing the present Inland Duty of 4s. per

Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain; and; for granting to his Mffiefty certain other Inland Dufies in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.;

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Friday Morning: next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Smuggler* House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons; Indemnity, who have been guilty of the unlawful Importing, Land^v ingj.or Running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize: And the same was received ;.* and read tthe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave doe given to bring in a Bill to Laws again* amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Piracy, of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectualSuppression of Piracy: And that Mr.

Attorney General and Mr* Scrope do prepare, and bring; in, the fame. \

A Petition of the unejer-signed Merchants of London, concerned in the Exportation of Tea to Ireland and the)

British Colonies and Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read’; setting fonh, That the Quantity' of Tea exported, on a;Mftlium of the lift Three Years, amounts to 429,274 pounds WcigbV per Annum \ and that the Petitioners are ready to make it appear to the!

House, that upwards of 200,000 Pounds Weight thereof, hath, on a Medium of ^those Years, been annually ex-.

Duties ot‘ Tea, &c.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the', ported to Ireland; ^rid'that upwards cf 1.49,000 Pounds House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the W^ahr thererffi nn n \\\zo IVIev+inm. hh'tlFlWn anrmnllv Quantities of 1ea that have beerxexported to Ireland, or

JLufcom’jc’s,

Eila;e.

the Plantations, from Christmas'xy^S, to Christmas 1743; difiingjuishing each Year and Place.

Anc| then he withdrew:.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

- *. nn.;

An jngfoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, deceasqd, 111 the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read a’Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Norb. Berkeley, Sir James Grant, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Felfowes, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gore, Admiral Vernon, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. Djoicombe, Mr./Martvi, Mr. Sclzvyn, Lord Strange, Mr. Oswald; Mr. Nicholas Fenwick, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Rob ^Williams, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Browne, Mr. Pitts, Sir John Cust, Mr. Woodhouse, Mr. Alderman Heathcolc, Major 'Selwyn, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir IVm. Calvert, Lord Limerick, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Buffington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are.to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ClandtHine Import ot Tea.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Excite, dated the 22 February 1742, upon a Scheme to prevent the clandestine importation of Tea, referred to them from

Weight thereof, on a, l\fe‘cdium, li&'tlvYieen annually exported to New England, New York, Carolina, and other British Colonies in America the Exportatiop whereof^ the Exporters give Bonds to the Officers 6fthe Customs in* large Penalties conditioned; that such T$a shall not be re~ landed*\n Great Britain, and to produceproper Certificates, thereof within a Time therein limited fThat, with respect to Ireland, Tea pays a Duty, on its Impprfatjo.p there, of is. 9d. per Pound; and that the Drawback is not paid,' or the Bond delivered up here, until a Certificate trom' the Collector and Comptroller of the Calloms in Ireland, of the Landing of such Tea, and of its having paid the Irish Duty, be produced to t he Commissioners of the Customs here; and that the Checks to prevent Fraud between England and Ireland are so llrong, that there is no Inllance of any Seizure or Complaint of any such Tea having been run in between England and Ireland, or of the Officers in Ireland making any falle Certificate in respect to the Landing of Tea; it not being reasonable to expect they should, since they would thereby charge themselves with the Receipt of the Duty of u. 9d. per Pound to;. the Revenue, in order to deiraud the Revenue here of.. $?rd. per Pound, the Drawback payable here on the Exportation of low-priced Teas; of which kind moll of., those exported to Ireland art: That, by reason of the said. Duty of is. 9d. payable in Ireland, and the Freight, Commission, and other Charges attending the Exportation . thereof, low-priced Teas will come as dear to the Coufumer in Ireland, after an Allowance of the Drawback, and without paying the new Inland Duties, as the like Teas will, on the Foot of the new Inland Duties, be sold to the Con-lumer here; but that in case the same are to be charged with the new Inland Duties, and to have no Drawback allowed, the Duties payable thereon, including th? Irish Duty of is. yd. will amount, on low-priced Tea?, a Pound; which the Petitioners apprehend wiil, in a very

short

i8 Geo.il

short Time, put a Stop to the exporting Tea from hence to Ireland, and will prove a very great Encouragement to the clandestine and fraudulent Importation thereof from France, and nccdfarily increase the Exportation of Wool from Ireland to foreign Parts: That, with respect to the Plantations, the Petitioners apprehend, that the charging all Teas that shall be exported thither with the said new Inland Duty, and the not allowing the Drawback' on Exportation, will produce the like Effects there, and encourage the clandestine Smuggling of Tea into those Parts, from the Dutch and French Settlements: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that in the Bill, now depending before the House, for repealing the Inland Duty gf 4 s. per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other In-

; land Duties? in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Provision may be made for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland\ and the British Plantations in America; and that Tea exported to those Places may not be charged with the new Inland i Putins, undcFr^fuph Checks and Restrictions, to prevent,) Fraud, as the House, shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table#

Regulating Mr. Fonnereau prefen ted to the House, according to the Choice Order,'aPill to regulate the Choice of Churchwardens and waS wC I Overseers of the Poor, and to amend some Defeats in an ’ Act, passed in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor: And the fame\yas received; and read the First'time. ’

Refohid, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Courts Mar* Mr. George Grenville prefen ted to the House, pbrfaant tdnsNorrT *° Address to Eis Majesty, Copies of all Letters and and SBuryr.nS ^P61*5 transtpitted to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, relating to the Court Martial lately held in the Mediterranean, to inquire into the Conduct of Captain Richard Norris, and all Proceedings relating the reunto.

Together with a Schedule of the said Copies.

Mr. George Grenville also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of the Minutes of the Court Martial lately held upon Captain Bury, late Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Solebay.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Captain Richard Norris to Mr. Corbett, dated 18 September 1744.

2. Copy of the Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Vice Admiral Rowley, to try Captain Norris at a Court Martial, dated 28th November 1744.

3. Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Rowley to

Captain Norris, dated 6th January 1744.

4. Copy of a Letter from Captain Norris to Captain

Hughes, dated 7th Jammy 1744.

5. Copy of a Letter from Captain Higher to Captain

Norris, dated 8th January 1744.

6. Copy of a Let ter from several Officers, on board the

Essex to Vice Admiral Rowley, dated 8th Ja^u-ay, 1744- .;

7. Copy of a Letter from Captain Norris so Vice

\ Admiral Rowley, dated 1 nth January 1744.

8. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant. Jekyll to Vice

Admiral Rqtvley, dated 18th January 1744.

' 9. Copy of a Letter from Captain Norris to Vice

Admiral Rowley, dated 20th January' 1744.

10.. Copy of an Order from Vice Admiral- Rowley to Lieutenant Jekyll, dated 22(1> January 1744.

11. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Hale, Lieu-

tenant Ballett, Lieutenant Moore, and Lieutenant Hyde, belonging to the Marlborough, to Vice Admiral Rowley, dated 31st January 1744.

12. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant PalliJJ'er, Lieu-

tenant Gore, and Lieutenant Peyton, to Vice Admiral Rowley, dated the 2d February 1744.

VOL. 24.

prihs i . &>7

13. Copy of a Letter from Captain Norris to Vice Admiral Rowley, dated February 1744.

14. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Hugh Pal-ItJJer, First Lieutenant of the Essex.

15. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Hamilton>

Gore, the Third Lieutenant' of the Essex.

16. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant Joseph Pey+ ton, Fourth Lieutenant of the Essex.

17. Copy of the Deposition of JoJep/i Myers, Matter of t he Essex.

18. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant William. Southerland, Lieutenant of Marines.

19* Copy of the Deposition of James Stewart, Mailer’s Mate. ’ ' i

20. Copy of the Deposition of William Wilson, Mid^ fliipman. 1

at. Copy of the Deposition of Alexander Christity Mid* shipman.

22. Copy of the Deposition of Anthony Stanley, Mid-

shipman. . < V-'

23. Copy of the Deposition of John Reytier, Midship-

; man.

;24. Copy of the Deposition of Hemy Cofiobadi'e, iMid*

shipman. .;

25. Copy of the Deposition of Thomas Toivley Mid-

fihipman. . ./

26* Copy of the Deposition of Jonathan Brown, Mid-shipman. ‘

27. Copy of the Deposition of Thomas Howard\ Quarter-mailer.

- 28. Copy of the Deposition df George Ward.

29. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Crosbie.

30. Copy of the Deposition of Lieutenant John Brown} Lieutenant'of Marines.

.31. Copy of the Deposition of Moses Ferrin, Boat- Twain’s Mate. " J: ’

32. Copy of the Deposition of John Gillespy, Quarter-' mailer.

33. Copy of the Minutes taken at the Court Martial,

34. Copy of the Result of the Court Martial.

35. fcxrraft of a Letter from Vice Admiral Rowley to;

Mr. Corbett, dated 8 February 1744.

36. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Morn to Mr. Corbett, dated 20th February 1744.

37. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Jekyll to Mr/

Corbett, dated 6 th February 1744.

38. Copy of a Letter from LieutenantPallijfer, Lieutenant Gore, and Lieutenant Peyton, to Mr. Cor-'

bett, dated 7 February 1744.

And the Title of the Paper, containing Copies of the Minutes of the Court Martial lately held upon Captain Bury, late Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Solcbay, was also read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by4he Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers . of his Session.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, prohibition a Bill to prohibit the Wearing of Cambricks* after a of Wearing Time therein to be limited: And the same was received; Cambricksi arid read the- First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Transpotted before this House, an Account of what Persons have *con5‘ been transported as Felons, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise; and for enforcing those Laws for the future; from the Commencement of the said Act to Lady-day last.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this otfcneei House, an Account of whac Persons have been prosecuted against Refer venue Laira.

86 8 17* — 18® — 190

for Offences committed against: an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise, and for enforcing those Laws for the future, in what Sums they have been convicted, what Judgments have been passed against them, and distinguishing such who have made any Defence, from such against whom Judgments have passed by Default; and setting forth, in what Gaols the said Convids now remain, from the Commencement of the said Act to Lady-day last.

Law against Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac-Piracy. cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

4- i?45-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. 1

Jovis, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 18® Georgii IIdi Regis, 174$.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Timtip- Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to pointed ft* the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would please to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended immediately, at his Palace of Si. James

Mat hew S An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce. diffqlVe the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Condem- A Bill to prevent Delays in condemning of Prizes in his nation of Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ire-Prizes. ian(i. ancj for pUtting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Greenwich A. Bill for more effectual recovering and collecting of Hospital. certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

..Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Vorfc ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for impowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord WiddringtoiCs Estate, in the County of Northumberland, con traded for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty‘s Exchequer.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Greenwich, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon HospiuL the Bill for more effectual recovering and collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Office of whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering Coroici. the Office of Coroner was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock, t

Veneris > 190 Aprilis;

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Anno 18 Georgii II1 Regis, 1745.

Pawnbroker adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made Prayers.

by the Committee, to the Bill more effectually to pre- A /W R. Carew report ed from the Committee, to whom ItcckU vent the receiving of stolen Goods, by the regulating of 1VJL the ingrossed B ill from the Lords, intituled, An Pawnbrokers; Act for charging, felling, and applying, Part of thefct-

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till tied Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money Friday Morning next. . _ towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and

Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pur- The Order of the Day being read; suant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and

Office of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed;

Coroner, whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering the That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

Office of Coroner. the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- at the Clerk’s Table.

.5 ... ' The

i8 Geo. II. i 9* Aprilis, S6g

The House being irt formed, That Mr. Sheppard, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door;

Claodcstine He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Importation House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Report of Tea. from the Commissioners of the Excise, dated the i2d February 1742, upon a Scheme to prevent the clandestine Importation of Tea, referred to them from the Commissioners for executing the Office of T rcafurer of his Majesty s Exchequer.

Together with a Copy of the said Scheme.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, until the Order of the Day be read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Inland Duly of aj. per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The said Paper is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

of Jamaica, and, in her Way fhithef, was taken by the Spaniards, on or about the 8th Day of April 1734, carried into a Place called Barico, in the Wand of Cuba, and, without any Trial or Accusation, the said Sloop and Loading were seized and plundered by the Spaniards: That the Value of the said Sloop and Loading amounted unto the Sum of £. 520 Sterling, and chiefly belonging to the said John Woodbridge, who has not received any Satisfaction for the fame: That, through Inadvertency, the necessary Proofs were not made in due Time, before the Commissaries who went from Great Britain to Spain: TJ at several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers, are now applying to the House, to have a Satisfaction for the Losses out of the £60.000 granted by the House, the 14th Day of May 1739, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain: And therefore praying the House to take this Loss into Consideration, and that the Sufferers may be intitled to such Share out of the £.60,000, as shall be allotted to other Merchants, although the Petitioner has not flridly pursued the necessary Forms which some others have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Smuggler* A Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of ndemnity. unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his

Address. Majesty Yesterday, with the Resolulions and Address of

Toukn!1^ this House, relating to the Miscarri;-.ge of his Majestys Fleet in the Action last Year near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of France and Spain; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I will give proper Orders for the speedy and effectual holding of Courts Martial according to your Deli re. I am sensible how much depends upon preserving an exact Discipiine in the Fleet, and of the Necessity there is of bringing to Justice such as have failed in their Duty on this important Occasion.

Laws against Bill to amend an A6V, made in the Eleventh Year Piracy. of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Merchants A Petition of Jonathan Forward of London, Merchant, Claims on for and on the Part and Behalf of John Woodbridge of Spain. Rappahanock River in Virginia, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the said John Woodbridge, in the Month of March 1734, fitted the Sloop Seaflowei', whereof Lewis Conner fcas Commander, loaded her with Indian Corn, and other Goods and Merchandize, and ordered the said Sloop to the island of Barbadoes: That in Prosecution of the said Sloop’s Voyage for Barbadoes, (he was, by Stress of Weather, obliged to bear away for the island

VOL. 24.

A Petition of Jonathan Forward of London, Merchant, Merchant for and on the Parts and Behaifs of John Martin, Thomas on

Ne/fon, and Thomas Jones, of Virginia, Merchants, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommend^ it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, about the latter End of September, in the Year 1720, the said John Marlin, Thomas Neifon, and Thomas Jones, fitted out the Sloop Martha, whereof Thomas Wilson was Commander, loaded her with Pork,

Indian Corn, and other Goods and Merchandize, and ordered the said Sloop to Barbadoes: That the Value of the said Sloop and Cargo (exclusive of India Goods (he had on board) amounted to £. 1,200 Sterling and upwards: That before the said Sloop got clear of Cape Henry, One of the Capes of Virginia, flie was boarded and taken by a Spanish Guard de Costa, belonging to St,

Augustine, afterwards carried to the Havannah, and there condemned: That, through Inadvertency, the necessary Proofs were not made in due Time, before the Commil-faries, who went from Great Britain to Spain: That several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers, are now applying to the House, to have a Saiisfaction for their Losses, our of the £.60,000 granted by the House, the 14th Day of May 1739 to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain: And therefore praying the House to take this Loss into Consideration. and that the Sufferers may be intitled to such Share out of the £.60,000 as shall be allotted to other Merchants, although the Petitioner has not strictly pursued the necessary Forms which some others have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for George Ditto. Wanton of Rhode If and, foie Owner of the Sloop Little George and Cargo, Caleb Godfrey Master, taken by the Spaniards, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Sloop Little George, Caleb Godfrey Master, was, on the 13th of February 1728, taken by a Spanish Sloop, commanded by Christophtr Corncilla, near a small lfiana in the West Indies, called Ternnff\ as (he was proceeding on her Voyage from Jamaica Hom6 for Rhode island; and that the said Sloop was, a little Time after (he was so taken, cast away on a Place called Glover's Reaf, and totally loft: That the said Master 10 M Caleb

870 190 Aprilis. A. 1745,

Caleb Godfrey was confined Two Months on board the said Spanish Sloop, and then put on board another Spa-nifli Vessel, and conveyed to a Port called , on

the Island of Guba> as will appear by Proofs ready to be produced: That when the said Sloop Little.George was taken, there was no other Goods on board her than what was the Produce of his Majesty’s Plantations; neither had (he in the lead been concerned in any illicit Trade: That the Loss of the said Sloop and Cargo, sustained by the said George , was to the Value of

,£. 557. 17J. Sterling, for which he hath never yet received any the jeaft Satisfaction: That the said George Wanton is his Majesty’s British Subject, living at,

on Rhode Island, in New England: That by the Commis-

fion lately issued by his Majesty, for distributing to the Merchants, Sufferers by Spanish Depredations, the Moiety of the Prizes taken, from the Spaniards at the breaking out of the present War, it is therein provided. That with respect to the Losses before t^e Treaty of the 9th

November 1729, no Persons are intitled to any Share of the Prize-money, whole Claims were not entered, and Proofs exhibited, before the 30th June 1743, to the Gommilfaries or some proper Office in London; and that thereby, through Inadvertency, and the Distance from hence of the said Sufferer’s Residence, he is absolutely ex-’ eluded from any Benefit arising out of the said Moiety of Prize-money, in not exhibiting his Claim before the said 30th of June 1743: And therefore praying the House to take the unfortunate same of George Wanton, the said Sufferer, into Consideration, and to grant him Relief out of the £.60,000 granted by Parliament, in the Year 1739, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spupon the Convention between those Two Kingdoms, although the Petitioner hath not gone through the necessary Form, as same other of the Sufferers have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Regalatlon A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for of c»rtj and the City, and Liberty of , in their General

London.'" -QuaTter-Sessions of the Peace assembled, on Wednesday the 17th Day of April 1745; and of the Grand Jury, sworn to inquire for our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Body of the said City and Liberty; was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Pavements within the said City and Liberty are become so broken and bad, that the public Streets and Ways are, in many Places, become dangerous and hurtful to his Majesty’s Subjects, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the great Numbers of Carts and Carriages With Iron-shod Wheels and heavy Loads that happen thereon: And praying the refore the House to take those Damages'and Dangers into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners inch Remedies and Relief therein as shall feerh proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in.an A<$t, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majestiqs King William and Queeh Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the'Inhabitants1 within the weekly Bills of Mortality, using.Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consideration.

Merchants A Petition of Thomas Foster, Agent for Anna CUim> ou 'Turner Widlow, and Executrix of William Turner, foie

t>am. Owner and Master of the Prince George Frigate, of about 200 Tons Burthen, taken by the Spaniards, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship Prince George failed from Hamburgh, in the Year 1719, out on a Voyage

bon, loaden with Pipe Stave?, Linen, Glass, and other Merchandize, on Freight: That in the Prosecution of the said Voyage, the said Ship was taken by a cruizing Frigate, called the Eagle, of , Don Antonio Morales Commander, to the Southward of Cape Finesterre, on the 3d Day of August 1719, New Stile, and was carried into Coruna in Spain, where (he was detained from the said Owner and Master William Turner, who was his Majesty’s British Subject, which Ship had cost him £. 2,2ooSterling; and that neither he, nor any other Person for him, hath ever received any Satisfaction for the fame, of which Proceedings the Petitioner hath Proofs ready to produceThat due Notice in Writing, with Affidavits relating to the aforesaid Capture and Loss of the Ship Prince George, were exhibited in due Time at Doctors Commons, and before the Lords of Trade and Plantations, in order to be sent to the Commissaries in: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased tocom-miferate the very great Loss sustained by the said William Turner as aforesaid, and to grant the Petitioner Relief out of the £. 60,000 granted by Parliament, and now remaining undisposed ofj or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill, except as to the Amendments agreed to, be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alderman Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of Sir Daniel Lambert Knight; and several other Petitions; were referred; That the Committee had examined the several Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions (except the Matter of Fact contained in the Petition of GilesRooke of London, Merchant, in behalf ^of hitnfelP and of Leonard Cropp of Southampton, Merchant, no Proofs having been produced to support the Matter of Fa6t mentioned therein); and that the iCqmmittee had directed him to report ,the State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth

Upon the first-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That, in the Year 1718, before War was declared between the Crowns of Spain and England, they find that the Petitioners had the follow-,ing Ships and Effects taken at Sea, and in-Port, by the Spaniards-, viz.

The Prophet Samuel, of L, Burthen 140 Tons, or thereabouts, John Thomas Commander, with a Cargo containing 2,260 Quintals of Fish from Newfoundland, taken about the 23d of November 171-8, in her Voyage from thence to Leghorn, by a Spanish Privateer, and carried into Genoa, at which Place both Ship and Cargo were fold; the Owners of the Ship and Cargo were John Sadlier, Thomas Thomas and Son, and The Loss amounts to £. 3,487.

Office of Coroner.

Merchants Claims on Spain.

18 Geo. II.

19° Aprilis.

871

The Susannah and Mary, of London, Robert Gawden And also laid, That these are all the Proofs he has;

late Master, was seized in the Port of Cadiz, on the ift That he applied to Parliament in 1728-9 by Petition, of August 1718, and the Owners were Mary Boucher and hut hath made no Application to the Commissioners for

Allard Belin: The Loss amounts to £.1,200. Trade.

The Ship ditty. ,about 170 Tons Burthen, James Mr. Thomas Heames Merchant, another of the Peti-Bowman Master, and 8 Hogsheads of Sugar, was seized tioners, produced an Account of the Seizures made by by the Spaniards in the Port of Malaga, about the ift of the Spaniards in the island of in the Year, 1718,

September 1718, and condemned there; Joseph Chitty the appertaining to Thomas Heames and Company, being, Part foie Owner thereof: The Loss amounts to £.1,486. of the Account of the Seizures made of the Goods, Mer-ia s.6d. chandizes, and Debts of the Partnership, of Messieurs

The Ship Honest Bejs, James Arnold Master, and her and Lee of MeJJina, Merchants, deceased,

Cargo, containing 1,420 Quintals of Fish, from Neiv amounting to £.196. 7 Sterling, which he attested England to Alicant, was seized in the Road of Alicant, in

the Month of November 1718; Samuel Storke and John

Storke were Owners of the Cargo: The Loss amounts to £.1,582. os. 3 d.

The Ship Cato, Gerrard King Master, loaded with Fish and other Goods in the West of England, and bound for Leghorn, was taken by a Spanish Privateer in the British Seas, on the 2d of March 1719-20, O. S. the Day after the Cessation of Arms took Place in the said Seas, and carried into Villa Juan, in Galicia; the Owners were John Sadlier, Joseph Chitty, Timothy Ward, Thomas Ward, and Jeremiah Hall: The Loss amounts to £.3,000.

Mrrchautf Chi ms on Spain-

on Oath, the 17th of April 1744, before Sir West ley Mayor.

That upon his being asked what Application had been made by him towards obtaining Satisfaction for the said Loss, he said, That, in the Year 1728-9, he petitioned the House of Commons, which Petition was referred to a Committee of the whole House, and he was heard before that Committee, and at the same Time delivered in an original Account of Losses sustained by him, and several others, which he never could obtain back again: That before he could obtain an attested Copy thereof from MeJJina, which was on the 27th of 1736, it was

amounted to Ii60z. 22 Ters.8<^rr. at 1 Ounce,

is £.70. u. Sterling.

And he said, That he applied to Parliament with Mr. Heames by Petition, in 1728-9, but has not made aqy

Richard Jackson Esquire Mr. Thomas Heames Mr. Samuel -

Total

.- 2,180 196 jo

s.

7

1

The Ship Anne, Richard Ckifman Master, with her too late to apply to the Commissaries Cargo, was taken by Spanish Privateer Row Boats near Mr. Samuel Tatem, One other of the Petitioners, prq-Gibraltar, on the 3d of May 1719, and carried to Ma- duced an original Account between him and Messieurs laga; Joseph and Josiah Chitty were Owners of 220 Bar- Chamberlayn and Lee at MeJJina, of the Loss sustained by rels of Raiiins, Part of her Cargo: The Loss amounts him in 1718, whereby it appeared, That his Loss to £.517.

Upon the second-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That, on the 26th of April 1719, there was shipped by Richard Holroid, on board

the Anne, Richard Chifman Commander, then lying in other Application since that Time, the Bay of Gibraltar, and bound for London, 20 Butts And according to the Vouchers produced by the Peti-of Malaga dry Wine, for Account and Risque of the Pe- tioners to your Committee, they find their Losses to be titioner, which amounted to the Sum of £.155. 6s. 4 d.as follow; including Freight from Malaga to Gibraltar, and other Charges, on which Wines no Insurance had been made.

That, on the 3d of May 1719, the said Ship was taken by Spanish Privateer llow Boats, and earned into Malaga,

and there condemned, and the Cargo fold.

That on the 13th of March 1728, it appeared to your Committee, that the Petitioner, with many other Mer-:hants, applied to this House, setting forth the Losses by \panifhSeizures and Captures, from 1718101721; but nee that Time no further Application has been made by ing Ships and Effects being taken at Sea, and seized in

im to obtain Satisfaction for his Loss. Port, by the;

Upon the third-mentioned Petition, The Ship Gibbs Chm-

That, upon the Defeat of the Spanish Fleet off Sicily, madder, laden with Wines, Brandies, and other Goods,

in he Year 1718, the Engli/JtMerchants refidingat Mef- taken in her Voyage from the'CWary

findaad their Goods and Effects seized by the Spaniards, by a Spanish Man of War, in the Year 1718, and carried Aid Richard Jackson Esquire, One of the Petitioners, into the and fold there; thfc Owner thereof

hein examined, said, That he, and Thomas Ball Esquire, was John Crosse Esquire, his Majesty’s late Consul at the since deceased; were, in the Year 1718, concerned in The Loss amqqnts to £.3,647. i6,r.

Partnrftvip in 136 Butts of Calabria Oil, upon their own 44,272#. of fine Havannah Snuff, imported in the Accouits, lying then in the Warehouse of HampfonCook Ship whereof Don Cajetako-lde Efpinofa was Commander, and Company, their Ccxrespondents at MeJJina, which Ieized by the \ntcns\zxivZevallos, in 1718; the Owner were seized in the Year 1718, when the War was begun thereof was John Crosse Esquire: The Loss amounts to between the Angovinian Arms and those of the King of £.3,380.- 8 8

Sardinia. j The Ship Canary Galley, John GwyCommander, laden

- /. 2,446 , 8 —

Upon the fourth-mentioned Petition,

That in the Years' 1718, x.71'9> and 1720, the Petitioners suffered very great Losses'hi'Trade by the follow -

Then he produced to tae Committee an Account; attested on Oath, by Antodtts Crifafi, Cashier and Company, whereby it appealed. That the Loss sustained by the Seizure of the said Oil amounted to £.2,180 Sterling.

with Wine and Lime-stones, seized at in the

Yeah 17x8; the Owner of the Cargo'Was Esquire: The Loss amounts to £.504. 3-f.

The BlejftngBrigantine, laden with Wine, taken in

January 1720, in the Port of Orotava in* the island of

That upon being asked vhat Application he had made by a Spanish Privateer Sloop, and carried to the

to obtain -Satisfaction for the said Loss, he said, That be- island of Trinidad,' where the Governor seized the fame, fore Mr. Goddard, who was One of the Commissioners, which was afterwards sold by public Auction; the Owner went abroad, he shewed him the original Accounts how thereof was Esquire: The Loss amounts to

produced, and gave him a Copy thereof; and wheh Mr. £.1,178. 13J. 4

Goddard returned, asked him what had been done in re- The Ship Lijle of Leith, John Stupart Commander, lation to the said Seizure; Mr. Goddard replied-, That Burthen about 100 Tons, laden with Deals, seized on nothing had been done thereupon; for as the Goods.were the 14th of September 1718, on his Arrival in the Bay of seized on Shore, and not on the Sets, the Commissaries Cadiz-, the Owners thereof were and Com-

did not enter into a Discussion of the fame: Vot. 24.

pany: The Loss amounts to £.2,148. os. 1 id.

The

Merchants Claims on Spam.

87a 198 April A. 1745.

The Ship Johnston, John Lurting Commander, flopped

at Cadiz, and obliged to enter into the Service of the King of Spain in the Expedition to Ceuta, was in the Service Two Months and 28 Days, at 951 Dollars per Month, as by Charter-party, and there remains due 1,870 Dollars; the Owners were Richard Gildart Esquire and Company: The Loss amounts to £.327.

Upon the fifth-mentioned Petition,

That in the Year 1718, before War was declared between the Crowns of Spain and , your Committee

find, that the Petitioner’s Father had Effects taken at Sea in the following Ships; viz.

The Prince of Wales, Thomas Willoughby Commander, bound from Bristol to the Mediterranean, was, on the 27th of Qttober 1719, passing through the Vere of Messina, taken by Spanish Gallies, and carried into Messina, and there fold:

Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, deceased. Owner of Part of the said Cargo, amounting to £.450. i8r.

The Two Sifters of Bristol, Charles Hogg Matter, bound from New England to Gibraltar, lad.n with Fish, was, on the 31st of March 1719, taken by Two Spanish Barks near Cabaretta Point, and carried into

where the Ship and Cargo were fold; Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, deceased. Owner of Part of the said Cargo, amounting to £.600. 9 s.eft.

And your Committee find. That 96 Calks of Calabria Oil were seized at Messina, on the 13th of August 1718, by Order of the Marquis De; and that Sir Abraham Elton Baronet was Owner thereof: The Loss amounts to 2,0330a. 14Ter*. 6 Qrs. which, at 12s. 6 per Ounce, is £.1,270. i8r.

Upon the sixth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, 1'hat the Satisfaction of Lyme, Burthen about 80 Tons, James Perryman Commander, laden with Fish, bound on a Voyage from Newfoundland to Oporto, was, by Stress of Weather, driven into the Harbour of Vigo, about the 3d of November 1718, the Ship and Cargo was seized j the Ship was burnt, and the Cargo fold; John Burridge E'.quire and Company were Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, amounting to £.1,214.

Upon the seventh-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find. That Sir Robert Knight, Lambert Ludlow Esquire, and Captain Richard Devon, were Owners of a Ship called the laden with Salt, which, in her Voyage from the Island of Tortudas to New England, was taken, on or about the 19th of March 1727, by a Spanish Guarda Costa or Man of War, and the Ship and Cargo confiscated.

And it appeared to your Committee, That, on the nth of March 1728, the Petitioner was examined before a Committee of the whole House of Commons, as to the said Ship being taken, and was valued at about £.1,500.

And your Committee find, by the Evidence of Charles Devon, Commander of the said Ship, and Thomas (on his Mate, that the said Ship was laden with Salt, valued at between and £.500 and the Ship between 1,000 and £.1,100 and that the whole Loss amounted to about £.1,500, and that they had been several Times at some Place in Westminster to make Application about the said Loss, but they could not, with Certainty, recollect where it was.

And it further appeared to your Committee, That on the 3d of August 1744, the Petitioner did apply to the Commissioners, under a Commission i filled to distribute the Moiety of the net Produce of the Effects taken from the King of Spain and his Subjects, to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations, and delivered in his Claim, when he was informed by the said Commissioners, That as it did not appear he had applied to any of the Places mentioned in that Commission, it was not in their Power to give him Relief.

Upon the eighth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, by several Affidavits produced to them, That the Sloop Endeavour, Giles Gibbs Matter, Burthen about 30 Tons, Plantation built, John

Green of Warwick, in the Colony of Rhode Island, foie Owner thereof, was taken in her Passage from Jamaica to Rhode Island, on or about the 11th of February 1727-8, by a Spanish Sloop, and carried to St. Jago, where Ihe was condemned, and all the Money on beard detained by the Spaniards, for which no Satisfaction hath been obtained; and the said John Green and Samuel Holmes were Owners of the M >ney on board the said Sloop; and the Loss futtained by them for Sloop and Money amounts to 1,202. 3. 9. Jamaica Money, which, at £.140 per Cent. Exchange, is £.858. 131. Sterling.

Upon the ninth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That the Ship Loyalty, Thomas Rowell Matter, Burthen about no Tons, with a Loading of Fish, bound from New England to Bilboa, was, on the 7th of November 1718, seized by the Spaniards it Luarca, on the Coast of Aufturias, and the Ship and Cargo fold; the Owners thereof were Sir Thomas Bury and Company, of Exeter, Merchants: The laid Loss amounts to £.2,258. 11 s. y\

Upon the tenth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find. That the Ship St. Christopher, of Bristol, Joseph Whetham Commander, laden with Sugar, was, on her Voyage from Barbadoes to Viroinia,

25 Leagues East from Cape Hater as, on the Coast of America, taken by a Spanish Sloop, and carried into St. Augustine and confiscated; the Owners and Freighters thereof were William Hawksworth and Company: The Loss amounts to £.3,072. 12 s. 6

Upon the eleventh-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, by several Papers produced to them, That the Ship Desire, Arthur Ballard Commander, Burthen about 213 Tons, arrived at AUcant, in the Year 1718, and delivered her Loading, and was afterwards seized and forced into Spanish Transport Service, in which

he continued from the lft of July to the 11th of August 1718, being One Month and Eleven Days; and, by Charter-party, was to have for Freight, per Month, 639 Dollars, being after the Rate of 3 Dollars per Ton, which amounts to 873 Dollars, at 4*. 6 per Dollar, is 196.

8. 6. Sterling; William Hart and Sons, of Brftol, Owners thereof.

It appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Stanton, That he resided at Alicant at the Time the said Ship was forced into the Transport Service; and that he lent over several Papers to England to the Owners in order to make out their Proofs, to be laid before th Board of Trade, that they might be transmitted to tb Commissaries; and that the Loss is as before Hated.

Upon the twelfth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That the Ship li-

vid Hawkins Commander, Burthen about 200 Tons,/as freighted from Hamburgh to Cadiz, Genoa, and Leg>m, and Port of Cette in Languedoc, and back to HamSrgh, but was seized in the Bay of Cadiz, in the Mot?h of September 1718, and confiscated, although the Commander had the King of Spain'% Passport; the Owners thereof were David Godin, John Brown, and William Hoar: The Loss amounts to£.1,936. $s. 104.

Upon the thirteenth-mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That the Ship Phoenix, Thomas Buchanan Commander, with her Loading, was, on the 10th of June 1720, taken ir> her Voyage from Gtajgow to Virginia, in the Latitude «f 37 Degrees and 15 Minutes of Northern Latitude, by a Spanish Sloop called the St. Marie of St. Augustite, in Florida, whereof Richard Haliran, alias Holland, was Commander, having a Commission from Dun Antonio Beniveda, Governor of St. Augustine, and carried into St. Augustine, and there confiscated; the Owners thereof were Thomas Wallace and Company, of Glasgow, Merchants: The Loss amounts to £.3,171. i7x.-3rf.

Upon the fourteenth mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, by several Papers, and by an Affidavit of Richard Gildart Esquire, That the Sloop Alice, of Liverpool, William Bailey, deceased. Commander

i8 Geo. II.

19° Apr

873

the King of Spain, the whole Loss is computed to £.3,100 j

There was produced to your Committee, on the Behalf of the Petitioner, a Book wherein Letters were copied, which had been sent by the Correspondent in Lon-

mander, with a Cargo from Liverpoole to Virginia, was

taken oft' the Madeira by a Spattish Privateer, on 15

April 1719, and confifeated; the 0-vner thereof was Sir Thomas Johnson «of Liverpool, Merchant; The Loss amounts to £.686. ioj 1 \d.

The Ship Planter, of Liverpool, John Lancaster Master, don to Mr. Craufurd at Glasgow, a Paragraph whereof is with a Caigo of Tobacco, from Virginia to Liverpool, in the following Words: " June 20, 1730. The Dc-was, in September 1720, taken by a Spanish Privateer, " parture for the Commissaries for Madrid is put off some near Cape Henry, on the Coast of Virginia, and afterwards " Time longer; and I have appointed the Beginning of retaken by Thomas Wharwood Esquire, Commander of next Week for Mr. Crookjhanks, in order to give Di-his Majesty’s Ship the Rye, about the 27th Day of Sep- " rest ions about a S/wti^Translation about the Vouchers tember 17,20; the Owner thereof Richard Gildart Esquire, " of your Company’s Loss, in the Lilly, and

" Pbccnix. Please to communicate this to Mr. Thomas

Merchant*, Claim* on Spain.

of Liverpool: The Loss arising by the Salvage amounts to £.83. 4.1. 7 d.

Your Committee find. That, by an Instrument sworn to, the 4th of October 1717, the Sloop Swallow of Liver-

" Wallace."

And your Committee were informed, That, to prove the Loss before mentioned, several Proofs had been deli-

pool, Robert Hayes Commander, with a Cargo of l'undry vered by Messieurs Craufurd to Mr. Crookjhanks, Secretary Goods, was taken the 14th of July 1717 at Saltiludos, by to the Commissaries; but it did not appear that they a Perigua, Captain 7 erozvti, is Frenchman, Commander, were laid before the said Commissaries. and carried to Cantina, and the Ship and Cargo confif- Upon the twentieth-mentioned Petition, cated; the Owner thereof William ChejhyreMerchant; Your Committee find. That the Miry Galley, William The Lois fufbined amounts to £.2,576. for. New Hall Master, Burthen 4510ns, laden with Bacalao, was, York Currency, which, at 16 j£.i,6ic. Sterling

Upon the fiir.enfh-mentionec Petition,

Your Committee find. That the Hope, of Bi.leford,

Thomas Lake Commader, Burthen about 180 Tons, laden with dry Cod Fish, seized in the Bay of Cadiz, on

per Cent. Exchange, makes in October 1718, seized by the Spaniards in the Bay of

Cadiz, and the Ship and Cargo fold; the Owners thereof were Nicholas Dennys and Company: The Loss amounts to £.450.

Upon the twenty-second mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, That the of Bideford,

the 13th of October 17(8; the Owners thereof are George William Babbage Master, Burthen i3oTons, laden with Buck and Company; and the Loft amounts to £.2,320. Bacalao, was, in October 1718, seized by the Spaniards in The Ship Neptune, of Bt deford, Lifcomb Davie Com- the Bay of Cadiz, and the Ship and Cargo fold; the

jmnder. Burthen about 16^ ions, and her Cargo, containing 1,500 Quin'als of Newfoundland dry Fish, seized going into Count:a, the 25th of September 1718, and there dilpcled ot, foi the Uk of the King of Spain and his Officers; the Owners ther of were Richard Score and Company: and the Loss amounts to £.2,762. 10 Up. a! the sixteenth-mentioned Petition,

Owners thereof were Charles Davie and Company; The Loss amounts to £.1,200.

Upon the last mentioned Petition,

Your Committee find, by an Instrument of Attestatiort sworn by Nathanael Colby, That he was Master of the Ship Prince of Walts, in the Year 1718, and was at Leghorn, and there entered into Charter-party to let the said

the

Wl’

to

Your Committee find. That the Ship Truelove, of Bt- Ship to Freight, for a Voyage from thence to Alicant, to iefad, John Hooper Commander, was seized on the 13th load Salt for Genoa: That on his Arrival at Alicant, in of October 1718, in the Bay of Cadiz, by Spanish Soldiers, the Month of February 1718-9, he was forced into the rp and Cargo confiscated; the Owners thereof Transport Service of the King of for the Expedi-iniliam Allen and Company: The Loss amounts tion preparing the re, and was obliged to enter into Char-, \;j. ter-party upon such Terms as Don Francis Drignet

1 ti e f venteenth-mentioned Petition, thought fit, which was 774 Dollars per Month, and is

Y *. m nit tee find, That the Ship called the Prince Three Dollars Ton Month: That he continued

cj I..: > :-:i: is Willoughby Commander, bound from in the la d Service from the 2d of February until the 5th

F . 1 i.c Mediterranean, was, on the 27th of October of following, and there was then due from the

l ‘ :y, passing through the Vere of Mefftna, taken by King of for Freight 4,876 Dollars: That on the SpanijhGallies, and carried into Mefjina, and there fold; said 5th of August, as the Ship was lying in the Mole the Owner of Part of the said Cargo was the said Thomas of Palermo,' Otic, was seized by the Spaniards and confif-Willoughby: The Loss amounts to £.200 Sterling. cated, which is valued at £.1,400 Sterling: the Owners

Upon the eighteenth-mentioned Petition, thereof were Samuel Kil/et and Company: The whole

That, to prove the Loss of the Schooner Samuel and Lois amounts to£.i,$4j. ijs. 10 Lydia, Burthen 80 Tons, with a Loading of Salt, bound That, on the 13th of June 1721, N. S. a Treaty of for New England, being taken at the Island of Tortudas Peace was concluded at Madrid, between Great Britain

in March 1727, and carried into Hispaniola, and there condemned, there was produced to your Committee, an Extract of a Letter from Henry Sloper, of Portsmouth in

and Spain, wherein it was expressly agreed, That all Goods, Merchandize, Monies, Ships, and other Effects, which were seized or taken before War was declared be-

New England, Owner and Commander of the said Sloop, tween the Two Crowns, or since, should be immediately dated the 15th May 1744, to Samuel Baker of London, restored in the Species as they were seized or taken, or

Merchant, in the following Words; viz. " My Schooner tc was new; never made a Voyage; about 80 Tons; " taken in March 1727-8; and judged his Loss to be £.2,000 New England Currency, which, at £.200 per Cent. Exchange, is £.666. 13;. 4</. Sterling." Upon the nineteenth-mentioned Petition,

else there should be paid the just and true Value they were worth, at the Time they were seized or taken.

Your Committee find, That, pursuant to the said Treaty, the King of Spain wrote a Letter by the Marquis De Caftilar, to the Intendants of the Provinces of Spain, and the Isles of the Canaries and Mallorca, dated the 16th

That to prove the Loft of the Eflher, of Glasgow, Eneas of August 1721, wherein he referred to the said Treaty, Campbell Master, being forced into the Service of the and ordered them to restore or pay the Value of the Sei-King of Spain, in 1718, and employed to carry Stores to zures or Captures which were made, by virtue of an Or-Mejjiua, and of having a Receipt from the proper Officer der, in the Month of September 1718, before the Time there, and in 1719 of her being freighted to Smyrna, that the War was declared between the Two Crowns, or and from thence to Civil a Vecchia, to Leghorn, and in since, and ordered the same should be every where put her Voyage; and of the Ships being taken by a Spanish in Execution, and performed with all the Punftuality Privateer and confifeated; and that the Loss of the Ship therein expressed, without any Exception, was valued at £.2,000 Sterling, and the Freight of the That on the 13th of March 1728, a Petition of di-Voyage 800 Dollars, which, with the Freight due from vers Merchants and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, Vol. 24. - 10 N and

Merchants Claims on Spain.

874 19

and Italy, was presented to the House, and read 5 complaining of great Losses by their Ships and Effects being seized in the ports or Harbours belonging to the King of Spain, and taken at Sea by the Men of War and Privateers belonging to that Crown; which was referred to a Committee of the whole House; and the Petitioners were heard before that Committee, and proved many Particulars in so plain and full a Manner, that the House, on the 3d of Aprils agreed with the Committee in their Resolution; viz.

44 That several Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, be- longing to the Merchants of this Kingdom, trading to Spain, Portugal, and Italy, have been taken and seized by the Spaniards, in manifest Violation of the Treaty subsisting between the Two Crowns, for which cs no Restitution has yet been made; and that the Maf- ters and Crews of several of the said Ships have been barbarously and inhumanly treated." And the same Day the House

Resolved, 44 That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to use his bed Endeavours to obtain all just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Losses and Damages, which the Merchants of this Kingdom trading to Spain, Portugal,

44 and Italy, have sustained by the Spaniards taking and seizing several of their Ships, Merchandizes, and Ef- feds, in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns.’* And the House ordered, That the foregoing Resolution should be humbly laid before his Majesty with the said Address.

That, on the 9th of April, Mr. Treasurer reported his Majesty’s Answer, in the following Words:

44 That his Majesty is always extremely concerned,

44 when he hears of the Losses and Sufferings of his Subjects; and will continue to use his best Endea- yours, as he hath hitherto done upon all Occasions, to obtain for them just and reasonable Satisfaction."

That, by the Treaty of Seville, concluded between Spain and Great Britain, the 9th of November 17*9,

N. S. all former Conventions and Treaties, in favour of Trade and Navigation, were renewed and confirmed; and that a just and ample Restitution and Reparation for all unlawful Seizures and Depredations were expressly ftipu-lated and agreed to.

And your Committee find, that, some time after, Commissaries were appointed to go to Spain, to examine and adjust all such Matters as by the Treaty of Seville were referred to the Examination and Difcuffioft of Commissaries, to be appointed by the Kings of Great Britain and Spain; and public Notice was given by an Advertiserr.ent, dated Whitehall, April 23, 1730, in the London Gazette, of Yuefday, April z8, 1730, That all Merchants and others, who had any Claims to be laid before the said Commissaries, might forthwith bring them to the Office of the Ldrds Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with such Proofs and Vouchers of their federal Losses, authenticated in such manner as the Claimants should judge most convenient:

That, pursuant to such Directions, your Committee find there was delivered to the Lords Commissioners for Trade the several Proofs and Vouchers, whereby they made out the Losses which they had sustained by the Spaniards having taken or seized at Sea, and in Port, fthfc following Ships, and their Effects; viz.

4- 1745'

The Ship Prophet Samuel, and her £. s. d.

Cargo - 3,487 1 9

The Ship Susannah and Mary - 1,200 ——

The Ship Chilly, and 8 Hogsheads

of Sugar - 1,486 12 6

The Cargo of the Ship Honess Bess 1,582 — 3

The Ship Cato, and her Cargo - 3,000-----

Part of the Cargo of the Ship Anne 517 — — Queen Anne Galley, and Cargo - 3,647 16 —

44,272/£. of Havannah Snuff - 3,380 8 8

Cargo of the Canary Galley - 504 8 —

Blejjing Brig, and Cargo - - 1,(7813 4

UJle of Leith, and Cargo - - 2,148 — 11

Johnflon, for Freight - - - 327 5 —

Prince of Wales, Part of her Cargo 450 18 —

Tzvo Sifters - 600 9 4

Loyalty, and her Cargo - - 2,258 1 r 7

Christopher - - - - 3,072 12 6

Providence - - - - 1,936 5 10

P/uenix, and Cargo - - - 3,171 173 —

Satisfaction, and Cargo - - 1,214 — — -

Prince of Wales, Part of her Cargo 200-----

Yruelove of Bideford, and Cargo - 2,oco — — -

Hope, of Bideford, and Cargo - 2,320-----

Neptune, of Bideford - - - 2,762 — —

Mary Galley - - - - 450 — —

Alexander, of Bideford - - 1,200 — —

Total

£*44>°96 10 ll

And it appeared to your Committee, that such Proofs and Vouchers were transmitted to his Majesty’s Commissaries in Spain, and by One of them laid before your Committee.

Your Committee, in this Place, think it proper to state to the House the Losses sustained by several Persons who have appeared before them, in order to make out their Claims to the following Ships and Effects, for which no Proofs and Vouchers appear to have been laid before the Commissaries, pursuant to an Advertisement, dated Whitehall, April 23d, 1730, in the London Gazette, of Yuefday, April 28, 1730; viz.

Anne, Part of her Cargo, taken in £ s. d,.

1718 - - 'S 6 4

Sicilian Merchants, in 1718 -Calabria Oil, 96 Calks, seized in 2,446 8 —

00 1 1 1 1 - 1,270 18 —

Adventure, and Cargo, in 1727 - i,5°° — —

Endeavour, taken in 172-5- - 858 LI —

Dejire, in 1718 - - - 196 8 6

Alice Sloop, in 1719 - - '688 10

Planter, of Liverpool, in 1720 - 33 4 7

Swallow, of Liverpool, in 1717 1,610 — —

Samuel and Lydia, in 1727 - - 666 l3 4

Eft her, of Glasgow, in 1719 Prince of Wales, of Great Yarmouth, 3,200 " -

1718 - 2.547 17 IO

Total £. 15,223 19 8£

That, by the Convention between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at the Pardo, January 14th, 1739, N.S. Plenipotentiaries were appointed by both Crowns, in ordet to settle and adjust all Differences which had been raised on Account of Visiting, Searching, and Taking, of Vessels, 13 c. \ and it was agreed, that the King of Spain should cause to be paid to his Britannic Majesty the Sum of £.95,000, for a Balance which has been admitted as due to the Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, after Deduction made of the Demands of the Crown and Subjects of Spain, to the end that the above-mentioned Sum, together with the Amount of what has been acknowledged on the Part of Great Britain to be due to Spain on her Demands, may be employed by the King of Great Britain for the Satisfaction, Discharge, and Payment, of the Demands of the English Subjects upon the Crown of Spain* That, on the 14th May 1739, your Committee find, that the Sum of £.60,000, being the Sum acknowleged to be

18 Geo. 11. 190 Aprilts. 875

due from Great Britain to and agreed by the King of Spain, in the said Convention, to be applied, together with the further Sum of £.95,000, to be advanced by the Crown of Spain, towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty s injured Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredation of the Spaniards, was granted to his Majesty, to be issued and applied to the Uses and Purposes llipulated in the said Convention

That, by an Advertisement in the London Gazette, of the 3d of April 1744, your Committee find, that a Commission hath been issued, and Commissioners appointed, for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Re-prifals taken from the Spaniards, at the Breaking-out of the present War with Spain, amongst the suffering Merchants; but the same does not extend so far back as to ake in any of the Losses sustained by the Sufferers in the Years 1718, 1719, and 1720, whose Proofs and Vouchers were laid before the Commissaries.

Your Committee find, that several of the Merchants before-mentioned have been recommended by this House to his Majesty; and that the said Sum of £.60,coo, granted by Parliament as aforesaid, remains undisposed of.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

InlandDutiet Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to o&Tea, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Inland Duty of 4J. per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be new read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the undersigned Merchants of London, concerned in the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the BColonies and Plantations in America, which was presented to the House upon Wed-11 ej day last, and then ordered to lie upon the 'fable, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report from the Com-nrissioners of Excise, dated February 1742, upon a Scheme to prevent the clandestine Importation ot Tea, referred to them from tire Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer; to-, gether with a Copy of the said Scheme; be referred to

the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Comrhittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Establifljing Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according Regulations f0 Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, the Navy. macje jn tpe Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service: And the same was received; and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Simi»clcr* 1 A Petition of several Persons, Whose Nariies are there-lndcmnity. unto subscribed, charged with, or in Execution for, very considerable Sums of Money in the several Prisons in London, and the Borough of by virtue of several

Acts of Parliament, made to prevent Smuggling, on behalf of themselves, and all others who are in Prison on the like Account, by virtue of the said Acts, or arty of ♦h .-m, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, was presented V OL. $4. ’

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been confined in Prison several Years, for being charged or concerned in Running or Selling of Tea, and other Goods chargeable with Duty to his Majesty, and defrauding his Majesty of the Duties thereon; and that many of them are long since charged in Execution for very large Sums, for which they were condemned on legal Process: That the Petitioners, and very many others imprisoned on the like Account, by virtue of some or One of the said Acts, in the Gaols and Prisons in and through this Kingdom, have lain so long in Prison, that they have intirely wasted their Effects, and are quite' incapable of rendering any Satisfaction to his Majesty, or even tofup-port themselves with necessary Sustenance: That the Pe-. titioners were induced to hope, they should have the Benefit of his Majesty’s most gracious Proclamation of the Ninth of May last, forgiving all Smugglers, as well those in Execution as others; but that, that not having its desired Effect, by reason it was not directed to any particular Persons, nor any particular Person impowered to discharge the Petitioners (being in Execution!, they still remain, notwithstanding their several Applications to be made over to their respective Officers: And therefore praying the House will take the deplorable same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to allow them the same Clemency the House intends for other his Majesty’s Subjects offending against any of the said Acts, or other-wile, as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to prohibit the Wearing of Cambricks, after a Prohibition Time therein to be limited, was read a Second time. of wearing

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. am nc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upon One of the Amend- Regulating ment.s, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill more Pawnbrokers, effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Wednesday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp an^ Moan*. House, to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Regulation Whom the Bill, to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the of Carts and Third Year of the Ileign of their late Majesties King Wil- ‘n

Ham and Queen 'Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels Ihod with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Condemn*-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tion of the Bill for preventing Delay, in Condemning of Prizes Prize*, in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Irelandi and for putting an End to all unnecessary and.Un-realondbte Expences for the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, York Build-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ing* the Bill for impowering the surviving Commissioners and Company. Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Convey- a

dnees of the late Lord Widdrington’s tllate, in the County of Northumberland, contrafted for by the Fork Buildings

Company

87<S

19*--20

Aprilis.

A. 1745.

Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Greenwich Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Hopiul. ref0|vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Salt bat i, 209 die Aprilis; Anno 18* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745.

Protecting of Linens, &c. in Manu-fa<fturie$.

Keck’s

Jfcftate.

Pray Efts,

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, uied for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the lame.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. Line last, Leave out Seven," and insert Fourteenth

Press 3. Line 15, Leave out Seven," and insert Fourteen."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying, Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton in the County of Leicester, contrafted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck, his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

of Northumberland, contrafted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Chapman took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. , 0

Sir John Chapman reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and make more Laws against effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and de- Gaming, ceitful Gaming, was read the Third, time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. Line 19. To leave out any," and insert the laid;" and, after Game," insert "of Roulet,

44 otherwise Rowl-poly;" and, after 44 or," insert any Game or;" and, and after Dice," insert "already u prohibited by Law;" and leave out in the same Line, and in the Six following Lines, the Words or other Engine or Device whatsoever, or by any other Method or Device whatsoever, win or lose any Sum or Sums of Money, Plate, or other valuable Things, other than at such Games, and in such manner, as are herein after " expressed and mentioned."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Laws against

Regulating the Cl oice ®f Churchwardens, &c.

A Bill to regulate the Choice of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and to amend some Defects in an Act, passed in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sydenham, Dr. Cotes, Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Attor. Genera/, Mr. Tho. Archer, Mr. Scroope, Mr. Cornewall\ Mr, Hales, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Walton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Compton, Col. Herbert, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Drury, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Stert, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John Chapman, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Brozvn, Mr. Locke, Sir Rob. Grosvenor, Mr. Martin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tho. Newnham, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Nath. Newnham, Mr. Gee, Grenville, Nr. Pratt, Dr Lee, Nv. Rafhleigh, Mr. G Wynne, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Fane, Mr, Steele, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Fitzroy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Carew, Mr. Crowle, Lord Perceval, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Hoblyn; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

York Build-

\ng%

vjgmpany.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for impoweripg the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord Widdrington's Estate, in the County

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had

gone

Piracy.

Smugglers

Indemnity

18 Geo. IL — 22

gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to ieporr, when the House will please to receive the same

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Inland Duties Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the onTea* &c. Committee of the whole Hotife, to whom the Bill for repealing the present Inland Duty of 4s. per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which. they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- , grossed.

MabUndug A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in Regulations the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Ndvy. intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That rhis House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Regulation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into of Carts and Chnsideration the Report from the Committee, to whom London.m c^e Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Caniage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carrs with Wheels /hod with Iron; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Upon Tuesday Morning next.

Condemn*- Ordered) That the Order of the Day, for the House to lion of Prises* resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland, and for putting an Fnd to all unnece/fary and un-jreasonable Expences for the fame, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clauseor Clauses, for the more speedy and effectual Payment of the Bounty of £. 5 a Head for every Man alive on board of any French ’ or Spanish Man of War or Privateer, taken, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, Privateers, or Letter of Marque Ships.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Geo. Grenville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mf. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Geo. Grenville reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon tuesday Morning next.

VOL. 24.

The Order of the t)ay beirrg rfrad, for resuming the Regulating adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made Rawnbro-by the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to kers* prevent the Receiving of Rolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Ordfer, resolved itself into a Office of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read i Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Morning Greenwich next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hospital. upon the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-----:----- r

Lu?iae, 22° die Aprilis;

Anno i3# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745.

Pr AVers. r

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Laws against Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ^acy. to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and rhen a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed! to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Oder, reported from office of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Coroner, the better ordering the Office of Coroner, was fe-committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Whcfe the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill fot repealing the present Inland Duty Inland Datics of 4s. per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Bri- on Tea, &c. tain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of 4s.per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Dutic$ in lieu thereof* and for better securing the Duty upon Tea,

10 O and

York Buildings Company.

Smugglers

indemnity.

Establi filing Regulations fox the Navy.

Prohibition of Wearing fCambricks.

878 ;ii° Aprilis>A. 1745*

and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders Out of one County into another.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Chapman, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Empowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, toexecute proper Conveyances of the late Lord IViddringtori s Efface, in the County of Northumberland\ contracted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane> according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whble House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Adf, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon 'Courts Martial in the Sea Service; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ybomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Yhomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House'will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the under-signed Merchants," Importers of foreign Cambricks, in behalf of themselves, arid many others* was presented to the House, and read; submitting.to the Consideration of this House, whether the Bill to prohibit the Wear of Cambricks may not probably produce Conflquences prejudicial to this Kingdom, and its Manufactures; and fecting forth, That the Petitioners thought themselves encouraged to contrail for Quantities of Cambrick, from the Parliament having, scarcely Three Years ago, given the Duties payable upon that Commodity as a Fund for encouraging our Linen Manufactures, and not having prohibited the Importation thereof; and that the intended Prohibition hath been proposed so very late in the Sections, that the Merchants concerned in that

Trade (even the rtloft cautious of them) had but just finished their Orders for great Quantities, for their Stocks, before this Prohibition was heard of (the Season of the Year admitting of no longer Delay); and their Goods are now bleaching; which is what the Petitioners would most certainly have avoided, had any such Prohibition been expected by them; That the Quantities already in the Merchants and Dealers Hands, together with the ad*-ditional Quantities so lately contracted for, and coming in, mull, at all Events, occasion a considerable Loss to his Majesty’s Subjects, upon any Prohibition, which will be greatly increased, without the Indulgence of this House, in granting proper Times to enter the said Goods under the p re salt Duties, and to vend the same again, after they are imported; there being no Place to which the same can be exported, but at a heavy Loss: And therefore, in-as much as the Petitioners conceive it is nor intended to lay any Hardfnips upon them, in respect of those Goods which they have very lawfully bought and paid greac Sums for, as well for the First Purchase, as for the Duties to the Crown; praying. That the Petitioners may be heard upon the said Bill, with respect to the Commencement of any additional Duties, and the Time tfo be allowed for Wear and Consumption of the present lapge Stock; and that this House will make such other. Pro virions in the said Bill, as may do the lead Prejudice to the fair Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the under-signed Linen-drapers, and Dealers in Cambrick, in behalf of t hemselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; fecting forth, That Cambricks having been a pretty general-Wear, and no Prohibition laid thereon at the Commencement of the Frencbf\N-dr, the Petitioners have laid out large Sums in purchasing their Stocks of the fame; and are highly affected by the Bill to prohibit the Wear thereof, as there is no Place to which they can fepd them, but at.great Loft: That, in case this House shall shink it convenient to pass a Law of that Sort, while the Petitioners have such large Quantities by them, and without any previous Notice Qf such Intention, the Petitioners must greatly suffer in their Property: And therefore praying Leave to be heard, upon the said Bill as to the Time to be allowed for the Wear of Cambricks.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Commictee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacturee of Great Britain and Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Wearing of Cambricks, after a Time therein to be limited.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Prohibition of Wearing; Cambricks.

Regulating

Pawnbro-

kers.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Prohibition of Weanng Cambricks.

0 reenwich Hospital.

i8 Geo. II.

23° Aprilis.

879

Earon’i

Ettate.

Smugglers

Indemnity.

Marti* T 2 30 die Aprilis \

Anrto 180 Georgii II11 Regis, 1745*

Prayers.

S'lRDERED, That Mr. Winjord, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Pratt,x iVJr. Proby, Sir Edmund I foam, Mr. Williams, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Chapman, Mr. Lowndes, be added to the Committee. to whom the ingroti'cd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Eaton, deceased, and by her deviled to the Proved, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the Universuy of Oxford; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fce-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed. '

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, 6f prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Bountiet oft Linens exported.

Clandestine Exportation of Foreign Linens.

Faxton Inclosure*

EfUblifldng Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Regulations the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Navy. for explaining and amending an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of 7ing Charles tile Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

Law against An ingrofi*cd Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ele-Pincy. venth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

1 Ordered\ That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred Fund, &c. thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund: and for granting a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Surplus of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for the giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Concrafts of

Vol. 24.

Clerks and Apprentices; and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectually preventing the Exportation of foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Linens, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; and for giving a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish in lieu of his Tythes of the said common Fields; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for Regulation the County of Middlesex, and the Jurors for our Sove- of Carts and reign Lord the King, and the Body of the said County, drivers in in the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace assembled A,ou on* on Monday the Twenrv-second Day of April 1745, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Streets and Pavements within the Bills of Mortality, in the said County, are very much broken, decayed, and, in many Places, almost destroyed; occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the many heavy Carriages with Iron-lhod Wheels, which pass thereon: And therefore praying the House to rake the same into Confederation, and provide such Remedy therein as to the House shall seem just.

0;a’eredy That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clatife in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Maty, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for fercling the Races of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the WeekJy Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Letters and Papers, Courts Mar-relating to the Court Martial lately held in the Mediter- tial on Cap-raneany to inquire into the Conduct of Captain Richard Norris, and all Proceedings relating the reunto, which an ury’ were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thufday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Letters, Papers, and Proceedings.

Ordered, That Copies of the Minutes of the Court Martial, lately held upon Captain Bury, late Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sclebay, which were also preferred to the House upon Wednesday last, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. George Grenville, according to Order, reported Condemns-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the tionofPrizcs. Bill for preventing Delays in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland, and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion

88o

43° — 24°

J. 1745,'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth*

rn 11 c fMf* Geo. Grenville, }

Tellers for the Yeas,}^ ]

Tellers for the Noes,j^r‘ p ’ ]

’£Mr. Bayniun. 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

7r*

a5*

Africtn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Company, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England\ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Prohibition Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

of Wearing ref0|Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, am rl s* upon the Bill to, prohibit the Wearing of Cambricks, after a Time therein to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, anti made several Amendments thereunto; jwhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Imports from Ordered, That Vice Admiral Vernon have Leave to

DunkirMcc. make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Goods and Merchandize from the Port of Dunkirk, or any other Pores in Flanders^ or elsewhere, in the Possession of the Crown of France.

Regulating

Pawn-

brokers.

Mtrcurii, 240 die Ap r ills \

Anno 18° Georgii IP1' Regis, 174J.

Tr AYERS.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Lufcomba’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, incituled, An Estate-A61 for vetting Part of the Ettace late of Richard Luf-combe Esquire, deceased, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies* was committed, That the Committee had examined the . Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, Eator/s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eatony deceased, and by her devised to the Provott,

Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the Uni- . versity of Oxford', and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fec-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upon One of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed, be further adjourned till Tp-morrow Morning.

Regulation of Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee, to

Carts and whom the Bill- to repeal a Clause in an Act, paflTed in the Drivers m 'Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King

on oa* William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the bet-

ter repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels (hod with Iron; was committed, be taken into consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Woollen Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Manufac- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole turc# House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen

Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland.

Greenwich Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Hoffiul. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

are as followeth; viz,

Press 7. Line. ~S> 26. Leave out " the said:’*

L. 26. Leave out <( Cooke," and insert

€C Cookes:19

Press 8. L. 10. Leave out c: Cooke" and insert

" Cookes:'9

Press 10. L. 20. Leave out it Cooke," and insert

"Cookes:"

L. 23- Leave out tt Cooke," and insert

" Cookes

L. 27- Leave out <i Cooke," and insert

u Cookes

L. 30. Leave out it Cooke," and insert

<c Cookes :'9

L. 39- Leave out u Cooke," and insert

" Cookes:9'

Press it. L. i* Leave out u Cooke," and insert

" Cookes:'9

Press 14. L. 4- Leave out it Cooke," and insert

" Cookes:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Skipwith’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Ehatc.

Act for appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds,

Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, 'with Dame Urjula his Wife; and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for dise charging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his I flue Male, in respect thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. CareiVy according to Order, reported from the ProV.buion Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pro- ct Wearing Mbit the Wearing of Cambricks, after a Time therein to be Camo,lCKS' (i limited.

<8 Geo. IX

46 Jprilis.

U

limited-, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Hill 5 and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one $ and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A-Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing' Cambricks and French Lawns to be imported for Re-exportation;

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for remitting the Penalty for nbt re-exporting such Cambricks and Lawns, in case the same be loft, or destroyed tiy Fire or any other unavoidable Accident

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville do carry the Bill* to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-York Buildings Com-jpany.

An ingrossed Bill for impowering the surviving Conri-missioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord IViddringtonsEffate, in the County of Northumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for impowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates to execute proper Conveyances of the late Lord Widdrington's Estate, in the County of Northumberland, con traded for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Sir John Chapman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greenwich Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Hospital. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, xo oblige Agents for Prizes taken, or to be taken, by his Majesty's Ships of War, to register, in the High Court of Admiralty, the Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Condemnation of Prizes.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Delays in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland\ and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing unneceffaiy Delays and Expences Vol. 24.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Establifningf made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles Regulauons the Second, intituled, An Act for the establishing Articles fort e av^‘ and Orders for the Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and also for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the Punishment of Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, in any Evidence or Information upon Oath, to be made use of in any Trial at a Court Martial for the Sea Service:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the Punishment of Per-’

fons persuading any one to commit any such Perjury:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making it sufficient, in every Indictment or Information to be prosecuted by virtue of the Act, to set forth the Offence without setting forth the Commission or Authority for holding the Court Martial, and without setting forth theparticular Matter tried before such Court:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way: of Ryder.

Several other Amendments were proposed to be.made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L.34. After " of," to insert " such:"

L. last. To leave out " unpunished," and iofert " Punishment:"

Pr. 2. L. 8. To leave out V is," and insert "are:"

' L. 30. To leave out "a," and insert " any " such:"

Pr. 3. L. 17. To leave out cc Prisoner," and insert "Perron:" \ 1

L. 33. After " any," to insert " such L. 37. After " Admiral," to insert " Vice Ad-<r miral. Rear Admiral:"

Pr. 4. L. 1. To leave outtc or any of them."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to By the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the further Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service.

Ordered, That Mr. George Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Read, Agent for Gabriel Hall and Merchant* Francis Bailiffs Administrators of Robert Bailiff, Jare of oa the County of Durham, deceased, principal Owner of the Spain*

Ship Crown, Thomas Marfingal Commander, and also Agent for the rest of the Owners of the said Ship, which was taken by the Spaniards, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

10 P Then

88*2 24* — 25 ° AprA. 1745.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, in or about the Month of February 1717-18, the said Ship Crown, Thomas Marfingal then Commander, beir^g at Marseilles in France, took in a Loading of Merchandize at that Place, and at Celts, to carry to Amsterdam, upon Freight, for Account of Dutch Merchants there: That, in the Prosecution of the said Voyage to Amsterdam, the said Ship put into Malaga Road, for Water, on the Sixth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen, where (he was seized and detained from the said Owners, who have never yet received any Satisfaction for the fame, although War was not then declared between Great Britain and Spain; but the Loading, then on board the said Ship, was restored to the Freighters, Merchants at Amsterdam, or to Agents for their Account 5 by which Capture, the said Robert Bqiliff (having r 1 16th Parts of the said Ship), and the other Owners thereof, suffered Loss to the Amount of £. 1,496. 12r. Afd. besides the Value of £.278, on Account of Goods and other things, then on board the said Ship, the intire Property of the said Robert Bailiff, exclusive of £. 450 Freight, which would have been due at Amsterdam: That the Proofs relating to this Affair were in due time exhibited to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to be sent to the Commissaries at the Court of Spain: That the Petitioners could have no Remedy for their said Loss, under the Commission for distribnting to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations the Moiety of Prize Money arising from the Prizes taken from the Spaniards at the Commencement of the present War; they being excluded therefrom in Point of Time: And therefore praying the House to take the unfortunate same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them Relief out of the 60,000l. granted by Parliament, in the Year 1739,10 answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain, upon the Convention between those Two Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

vent the Receiving of stolen GoodJ, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Mathew’s Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill Divorce, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carpenter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair: And there not being Forty Members present,

Mr. Speaker, without a Question put, adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 250 die Aprilis,

Anno i8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Faton>*-for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late o (Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her deviled to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of fVorcester College, in the Uni verity of Oxford; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Pu;chafe of Fee-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was nrad the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbury do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Running of A Petition of Thomas Lowndes was presented to the Wool. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner has framed a Scheme, which, if executed, he doubts not, will effectually hinder the Running of Wool from Ireland to France, and to other foreign Parts: That the Petitioner has in View the mutual Benefit of Great Britain and Ireland, without die least Tendency to a Register, or to any other chargeable, oppressive, or vexatious Method: That though this Performance has cost this Petitioner’a great deal of Study and Pains for very many Years, -attended with the Expence of a considerable Sum of Money, yet the Petitioner proposes no Terms; the known/Justice and Equity of the House, being the strongest Assurances to the Petitioner, that he, or his Representatives, (Hall be suit-ably rewarded for this Service, in case the said Scheme, 'when made public, be in the main approved of; which he is ready to communicate, when, and in such manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland: And that the Petitioner be heard, before the said Committee, if he thinks fit.

Regulating -Paw nr: brokers.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the D&y be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate upon One of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to pre-

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SkipivitMi for appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Parc of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis Skipwith Baronet, with Dame Ursula his Wife; and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate, for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Ifiiie Male, in respect thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Lufcombe's vesting Parc of the Estate late of Richard Lufcombe Esquire, EiUtc.

deceased, in the County of Devon, in Trustees* to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was fead the Third time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill for the better ordering the Office of Office of - Coroner, was read the Third time. Coroner.]

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 27. After " Reprises," to inferc<c and to <c be resident within the said County:"

L. 35. To leave out <c as," and to insert <c having such Freehold Estates whereby they.".

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: ‘And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better ordering the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Refoived\

18 Geo. IT.

2 50 — 166

883

Mathew’s

Divorce.

Regulating the Choice of Churchwarden*, Sec,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from' the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Choice of Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and to amend same Defects in an Act, passed in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Greenwich Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Hospital. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital azGreenwich, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Reporf in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s T able: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Regulation A Motion was made, and the Question being put, of Carts and That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill London.10 to repea^ a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels jfhod with Iron; was committed, be taken into Consider-

to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland\ be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of che Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland,

Ordered, That Daniel Smith Esquire, do, upon Monday Mathew’s Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, Divorce, who are to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the

Lords, intituled, An Act to diflbl ve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

ation Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, } "

Prohibition of wearing Cambricks.

Woollen Manufacture,

So it was resolved in the affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 27. To leave out " levied and:"

L. 28. After " recovered," to insert " and

" levied:"

L. 35. After more," to insert <e Justice

" or."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vol. 24.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Court Mar-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^on Capt. to consider of the Copies of the Letters and Papers relat- orns* ing to the Court Martial lately held in the Mediterranean, to inquire into the Conduct of Captain Richard Norris, and all Proceedings relating the reunto, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Copies of the said Letters, Papers, and Proceedings.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon One of the Regulating Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the Pawn- Bill more effectually to prevent the Receiving of stolen brokers* Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Impoits from ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dunkirk, Sec, House, to consider of the Importation of Goods and Merchandize from the Port of Dunkirk, or any other Ports in Flanders, or elsewhere, in the Possession of the Crown of France.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno i8° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745.

Pr AYERS.

(ORDERED, That such Members of the House, as are Members or- in or about the Town, do attend the Service of che to at" House upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Recovering Greenwich and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Hospiul. Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following, was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press

1

884 26° — 270 Aprifis. 1745V

Press 8. L. 17. To leave out " Ten Days/* and to insert a Six Calendar Months."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf$: And that the Titlebe, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal H'ospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to iegifter their Letters of Attorney.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulating The House, according to Order, resumed the ad1-brokers journed Debate upon-One of the Amendments, made by r0 cr5* the Committee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the receiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was committed.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereto, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, which were postponed, being again severally read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain Pawnbrokers from admitting into Partnerlfiip Persons not being qualified by this Act, or from lending upon Pledges any Sum other chan their proper Money.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up, and the Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to make the Act temporary.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

African The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Trade. refo’ve itself into a Committee of the whole- House, to

consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England\

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of a military Establishment for maintaining and supporting the respective Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa., be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. .:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. vSpeaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pltafed to continue his Protection to the Trade and Commerce carried on by his Subjects on the Coast of Africa, by directing a competent Number of Ships of War to be stationed upon the said Coast; and that the Officer commanding such Station Ships may be instructed to visit, inspect, and survey,' all the British Forts, Settlements, and Garriforis, upon the said Coast; to take a particular Account of their present State and Condition, what Number of great Guns, what Quantity of other Arms, Ammunition, and warlike Stores, what Number of military Officers, Soldiers, Artificers, and Canoe-men, either white or black, are at present mounted, lodged, and quartered, in the said Forts, respectively; and to make a Return thereof to his Majesty by the first convenient Opportunity that may offer for that Purpose; and that his Majesty will

be graciously pleased to order the said Return to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament.

And Sir Nathanael Curzon moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That ?n humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be pleased to continue his Protection to the Trade and Commerce carried on by his Subject* on the Coast of Africa, by directing a competent Number of Ships of War to be stationed upon the said Coast; and that the Officer commanding such Station Ships may be in* struCbed to visit, inspect, and survey, all the British Forts, Settlements, and Garrisons, upon the said Coast; to take a particular Account of their present State and Condition, what Number of great Guns, what Quantity of other Arms, Ammunition, and warlike Stores, what Number of military Officers, Soldiers, Artificers, and Canoe-men* either white or black, are at present mounted, lodged, and quartered, in the said Forts, respectively , and to make a Return thereof to his Majesty by the first convenient Op«^ portuniry that may offer for that Purpose; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to order the said Returr? to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Thathe will be graciously pleased to orderaSum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to be issued upon Account to the Royal African Company of England, for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the British Forts and Garrisons upon the Coast of Africa; assuring his Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence his Majesty shall be at for that Purpose, out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weekly- Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels shod with Iron, was committed.

And the said Report was read*

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Wheels to be shod with Iron, provided the same be of sufficient Breadth, and made flat, and not set on with Role-headed Nails.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled ups

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 j° die Apr His;

Anno i8° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1745. Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill more effectually to prevent the Re-" ceiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

jo Press

Regofation

of Carts and Drivers iu

London*

Regulating

Pawn-

broker*.

18 Geo. If. 27°'"""29

Press 1. Line 26. To leave out " September," and insert

October

Pr. 6. L. ). To leave out " September," and insert " October

Pr. 9. L. 21. To leave out " September" and insert:

* October.

Pr. 16. L.34. To leave out " September" and infant

October"

And the same were, upon the Question severally pu£; thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titles^e, An Act for the more effectually preventing the Her ceiving of stolen Goods, by the Regulating of Pawn*' brokers. -<

Ordered, 1'hat Mr. L do carry, the Bill to the-Lords, and desire. their Concurrence.

Merchants ‘ A. Petition of Jamfs, D of the City, of Mer-C^Min °n c^iant> on behalf of himself, and the jeftof the Owners of the Ship or Vessel called the Ferfit Snow, of Bristol, being offered to be presented to-(he,-House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House*That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That, in June 1728, the Petitioner, and the said otherOwners, fitted out the Ferret Snow, from on a Voyage to, the Coast of to buy a Cargo of

Negroes, and from thence to carry them to the liland of ‘Jamaica: That the said Ferret Snow proceeded on her Voyage to the said Coast of Africa, and there took on board 192 Negroes, and arrived fate at the Island ol Barbados; from whence, in her Voyage for Jamaica, on the 4th of May 1729, Ihe was taken by a Guar da la

Costa, and carried into Saint in the Continent of

New Spain.in America, and there, without any just Cause, and in Time of profound Peace, was confiscated, and sold by the Captors: That the said Ferret Snow, and her Cargo of Negroes, were worth, and would have sold at Jamaica, at a moderate Computation, for the Sum of Five thousand Seven hundred Forty-five Pounds Sterling: That, by the Treaty of Seville, it is provided, that all Ships taken since the and oijune 1728, should be immediately restored to the Owners; and his Catholic Majesty engages, that he will forthwith cause Reparation to be made for-all the Damages suffered by his Britannic Majesty’s Sdujcftsin the AmericanScas: That, notwithstanding such

Treaty, the Owners of the said Ferret Snow never received any Manner of Satisfaction for the said Loss; and, through Inadvertency, never applied to this House for Relief in the Preniifes; That sundry Sufferers by illegal Spanish Captures, are now applying to this House to have SacisfaAion for their LolTes out of the Sum of £. 60,000, ranted by this House to answer what hath been allowed to c due from Great Britain to Spain: That the Petitioner, and the Owners of the said Ferret Snow, are likewise Sufferers by the said illegal Capture of their laid Ship and Cargo *, and hope that they are intitled to the like Benefit: And therefore praying the House, in behalf of the petitioner himself, and the said other Owners of the said Ferret Snow, to take their same into Consideration; and that they may come in for, and have a Share of, the said f. 60,000, in respect to their laid Loss, in proportion wish other Sufferers under the like Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Regulation An ingrossed Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, passed of Carta and in the Third Year of the Reign of their late Majesties London.*0 King William and Queen intituled, An Act for the

better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, relating to the Inhabitants within the Weckly Bills of Mortality using Carts with Wheels thud with Iron; was read the Third time.

And several l’erlons were called in, and examined in relation to the Matter of the said Bill.

Vol. 24.

Aprilis. 885

The Amendments following were severally proposed to . be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. Line 32. To leave out " said," abd, in the same Line, to leave out " Places," and instead thereof, to insert " Parties therein mentioned."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question. being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.;

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, fophe } 36.

TeHer, for, he .}*,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal a Cause in an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King and Queejt

Mary, relating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to allow such Carts to be drawn with Three Horses; and to prevent the Mi (behaviour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the said Limits.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwin d,o carry the Bill to the Lords, and defjrc their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lojeds, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr*

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inland for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shilling* per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties-upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another; without any; Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Law agaialt to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the P*»cy. Reign of K.\ngWilliam the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smuggler* to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlaw- Indemnity, ful Importing, Landing, or Running, of prohibited, un-customed, or other Goods or Merchandize, without any^ Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Raton’* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of £Jlate-certain Leasehold Estates late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her deviled to the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the University of Oxford, and for ' laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fce-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the CTbck.

Lunee, 290 die Aprilis;

Anno 18° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

/~\R DE RE D, That all the original Papers and Writ* African _ ings, which have been presented to this House in Company this Session of Parliament from the Royal African Company of England, together with the Company’s Copy of their Charter, and such Copies of Writings as have oeen received by the said Company from their Agents in Africa, presented also to this House from the said Company in this Session of Parliament, be re-delivered to the said Company.

i o Q Ordered,

886

if — 30°

A. 1745-

iff

L. 37. After Great Britain Press 5. Line 8. After

" Importation,'* insert " into Kingdom," insert

with-

in.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords { and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Woollfa Ordered', That the Order of the Day, for the House Manutadure. t-o resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, be now toad.

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps- took the1 Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That to the Amendments made by their Lordships they had received several Proposals for preventing the

Running of Wool i which the Committee had directed Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pro-him to report, when the House will please to receive the posal made by Thomas , intituled, A Method to

fame. ' ' _ prevent, without a Register, the Running of Wool from

Ordered, That the'Ileportbe now received. Ireland to France, and to other foreign Parts, in order to

'S'wjohn Philipps reported accordingly, and delivered re-establish the Woollen Manufacture of Englandfhew-the said Proposals in at the Table. ing, at the same time, how to raise a Fund wherewith to

And the said Proposals were read. erect and maintain such a Number of English Protestant

Ordered, That the said Proposals do lie upon the Schools in Ireland, as the Legidature shall think proper}

and also greatly to encourage and extend the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; together with the Appendix and Abstracts (being One of the Proposals which were de-. Mathew’s The House resolved itself into a Committee of the livered into the Committee, who were appointed to con-Divorcc. Hm.r. 0:11 fider of the State Of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, and Yesterday, reported from the said Committee to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House), be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Ulb of the Members of the House.

Rimma. of Wool.

(ilfiii

if#:

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act todifTolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carpenter took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

The Lord Carpenter reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had examined a Witness as to the Discontinuing of an Action brought by the said Daniel Mathew again (I William Buckley Esquire, mentioned in the said Bill, and in respect to the definitive Sentence of Divorce from Bed and Board, recited in the Bill; and that the Committee bod gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendment: And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last had been prefsnted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Answer to Adressci.

Mathew’*

Divorce.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act' to dissolve the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past.

Ordered, That the Lord Carpenter do carry the Bill to , the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath' agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Park Goddard Esquire, being offered to Merchmt

Marfisy 30° die Apr ills;

Anno 18* Georgii II. Regis, 1745. Prayers.

North Alter- f\ R DERE A That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

ton Writ. to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgessto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of North , in the County of York, in the room of William Smelt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver of his. Majesty’s casual Revenue in the Bland of Bariadoes.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Prohibition The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of Wearing Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambriaks. Cambricks and French Lawns, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the find Amendment into Confederation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Picfs 3. Line 18. Leave out "in," and insert "into " any Part of

be presented to the House; Claims «a

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s SP""-Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 1 setting forth, That, on the 30th May 1727, there was Slipped on board the Loyal Galley, William Pugsley Matter, then in the Port of Leghorn, Thirty-five Jars of Lucca Oil, on the Account and Risque of the Petitioner; the prime Cost whereof hath been paid by him: That the said Ship,- in her Voyage from Leghorn to England, was taken by a Spanish Privateer on or about the 18th of June 1727, and carried into Mal, and the Ship and Cargo confiscated: That Restitution was demanded by the Commifliries appointed to settle at the Court of Spain the Spani/k' Depredations; and a Claim was made, in the Names of the said Captain and Company, for £. 1,045. iox.; which Claim has been allowed; and that the Petitioner apprehended that his Lois was included therein; but, having been abroad for some time, had notan Opportunity of being informed what had been done relating thereto; and, on his Return, applied to the Commifla-ries for distributing the Moiery of the Prizes taken from the Spaniards; when he was-informed, that 110 Claim had

been made in his behalf: That several Merchants, who were likewise Sufferers, are now applying to the House, to have a Satisfaction for their Losses out of the £. 60,000, granted'by this House, the 14th Day of May 1730, to answer what had been acknowledged to be due from Great

Britain

18 Geo. IL 30° A. 887

Britain to Spain: And therefore praying, that the House vernor of Tetuan called a Court, to try the Matters over will take the Petitioner’s Loss into Consideration-, and again, that had before been determined by Arbitration; that he may be intitled to such Share out of the^f .60,000, but that that Court finally agreed to the most material as shall be allotted toother Merchants, although he has Parts of the Award at Algiers, but with some Variations not fiddly pursued the necessary Forms, which some to the Disadvantage of the Petitioner: That, upon the others have^done. _ Petitioner’s Return to , in October following, he

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, was obliged by his Bail to proceed forthwith to the Court of to solicit his Catholic Majesty’s Approbation of Merchant* A Petition of John Bogie, Master of the Nelly Bri- the Sentence of the Court of; and that, on the

Claims on gantine, of London, being offered to be presented to the 21st Day of February 1731, at Seville, the Petitioner de-»Pal°* House; _ livered an Abstract of the Law Suit to Benjamin Keene

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Esquire, his Majesty's Minister at the Court of Spain Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, who, in Compassion to the Petitioner’s Sufferings, reprehaving been informed of the Contents of the said Peti- fented his Complaints so effectually, that he was di 'milled, tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. in Four Days, with a Copy of his Catholic Majesty’s Ap-Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set- probation of the Decrees and Sentences given in the Peti-ting forth, That the Petitioner, being on a trading tioner’s favour, and Orders sent to the Intendantof.'V/a/orrtf , Voyage on the Coast of Barbary, and chartered with todoimmediate Justice; by which means, the Petitioner’s Hadge CaJJinQardinash, and other Moors of Tetuan, to Bail of 27,500 Dollars was reiealed, and the Estate of the load at Algierand Chamiesiox Gibraltar, and thence back Owners of the Privateer con nfcated, and sold to thejeluits, to Tetuan, was, on the »ith Day of October 1789, taken and the Money arising from thence remitted by Don Sa'cro by a Privateer of Yvica, called the Jesus Maria and Jo- Depuis, Governor of to Don Antonio DeHorbigozoy Jeph, commanded by Captain Pedro Efcandell Carr of 0; Lander ett a, Intendant at Majorca, to be disposed of by

who having broke open and plundered several Bales and another Court, to be held to regulate Cods and Damages, Cafes, and other Package, tied the Seamen Back to Back, according to the Law of that Country; but that the Peti-and the Lurks and Moors to the Rails on the Deck, and tioner being obliged by' hisi Owners Correspondents to shot the Supercargo, holding the Fly of the Ensign in his freight for he arrived there the 29th Day of (Dr-

Hand as a proper Sanctuary; and, after committing (c- tober 1731, and found his Owners so terrified with the veral other Outrages, the Captain of the Privateer offered Apprehension of the Suit the Petitioner had undertaken, to release the Petitioner’s Snip, on Condition he would that they fold the Ship, and altered the Property; so deliver up the Turks and Moors, with all their Effects; that the Petitioner never afterward?, to the Comtrtence-which the Petitioner refuting, they carried the Ship into ment of the War with Spain, had an Opportunity of get-Tvica, and proceeded to condemn the Turks and Moors ting any Satisfaction at out of the Money allotted

as Slaves, and their Effects as lawful Prize; but that the for that Purpose; and that not only lb, but the Petitioner, Petitioner inlisting on the Privilege of English Colours, as if he should be employed again in the Mediterranean stipulated by the Treaty of Utrecht, commenced a Suit Trade, is liable, in any Port, except and for the Recovery of the Ship and Cargo, and Turks and Tetuan, to be seized and detained as a Slave, till he hath Moorish Passengers; and, having given Bail to answer made good all the Losses that the Moors his Passengers Damages, he proceeded in the Ship with them, and what have sustained: That the Petitioner hath made frequent could be found of their Effects, to Majorca, where the and prefiing Application to the Commissioners appointed said Suit was to be determined; and, upon Trial thereof, for the Distribution of the Money arising by Reprisals the Petitioner obtained a Sentence in his favour; from from the and laid before them the Account of

which the Owners of the Privateer appealing to the Council his Lois, with full and sufficient Vouchers to prove the of War at Madrid, were obliged to give Security for fame, to the Amount of 566. 1 3d.-, but that such

14,000 Dollars, to answer the Value of the Ship, Cargo, the Petitioner’s Claim hath been rejected by the said and Prisoners: That this being done, the Petitioner re- Commissioners, because the Petitioner could not maice turned to Algier in March 1730, where the Moors and Oath, that the Effects plundered by the Spaniards were Turks infilled on Satisfaction for their Losses; and the Pe- British Effects: And therefore, as the Petitioner hai h been titioner, on the other hand, infilled on being paid the Ex- so great a Sufferer, by supporting the Honour of British pences of the Law Suit, as also on an Indemnification for Colours, and by the Methods he made use of did prevent his Bail; which Disputes were, by Order of the Dey and the dangerous Consequences that might at that time have Divan of Algiers, left to the Arbitration of some eminent attended a Rupture with the Moors, and is totally left Turkish and Ckrijlian Merchants of that Place; who without Remedy for his Losses, otherwise than by the agreed to an Award, by which, amongst other things, it Aid of the House, praying the House to compassionate wa? ordered, That the Moors should not be intitled to the Hardship of the Petitioner’s Cafe; and that he may any present Demand on the Petitioner for their Losses, be considered with other Sufferers, and allowed a Share nor should the Petitioner Hop them, or their Effects, for of what hath been allotted towards Satisfaction for the the Charges of the Suit, the Ship’s loft Time, or the In- Losses by SfanishDepredations, or that the Petitioner may demnification of the Bail; but that the Damages on both be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Sides should be adjusted and made good, according to the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Treaties subsisting between them and the Crown of Great Britain; to which Intent, the Dey was to represent this A Petition of the Master and Owners of the Ship John Affair to his Britannic Majesty: That the Petitioner then and Mary, John Wood Commander, being offered to be proceeded to Alicant, and afterwards to Gibraltar, where presented to the House 1

he found that the Moors of Tetuan had threatened to seize Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s

Messieurs Hatefield and Bofiveil, Two English Merchants Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-

residing the re, and all the EnglijkEffeds in their Country, fog been informed of the Contents of the said Petition,

by way of Reprisal for the Lois and Imprisonment of the recommends it to the Consideration of the House. Petitioner’s Moorish Passengers, and to strike off all Com- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-munication with that Garrison, unless the Moors, and their ting forth.That the said Ship was, in the Beginning of the Effects, were forthwith landed safe at home; upon Ad- Year 1727, freighted by the late Thomas Missing Esquire, vice of which Resolution, General Sabine, at the Request of Portsmouth, to carry to, and was loaded with Provision of the Merchants of Gibraltar, ordered the Petitioner to for, the Garrison of Gibraltar: That the said Ship being proceed forthwith io Tetuan, and perform his Engage- on the Course of her said Voyage, was, on the Eighth ments with the Moors-, with which the Petitioner forth- Day of May, in the said Year, met off Cape Finisterre by with complied, without regard to Wind or Weather, and the Spanish Squadron of Men of War, commanded by landed the Moors (afe at that Port > upon which, the Go- Admiral Torres, and by him taken and carried into Vox-. 24. runna.

Merchants Claim* on Spain-

Merchants Claims on Spain.

888 30° Apr ills: A: 1745.

tunm, and there condemned as lawful Prize: That the Petitioner John Wood was toon after his Return to England, after his having been taken by the Spaniards, as aforesaid, appointed Master of another Vessel, and went with her to the West Indies, and continued there, and at other Parts beyond the Seas, for Seven or Eight Years, and was not in England) when public Notice was given in the Gazette, for the Sufferers by the Depredations of the Spaniards to fend their Papers to Arthur Stert Esquire, to Spain-, neither did the said Petitioner know, till lately, that it was necessary for him to have brought with him from Corunna the Act of Condemnation of his said Vessel John and Mary; but that nevertheless his Wife did, in his Absence, viz. some time in the Year 1728, give in to the Board of Trade (and which now lays in the Office of Claims) an Account of the Yaid Petitioner John Wood's Lossby the said Cap-cure; Copy whereof is as follows; viz. For and Part of the said Ship belonging to the said Petitioner . John Wood; the whole Ship being valued, at the Time of hefYetting out, at £. 1,400. - £. 1,247 — —

For Goods and other Things on board belonging to the said Petitioner about $6o — —

___1,407 — —

And representing to this House the State of the Losses the Petitioners fufUined by reason of the said Capture, the said John Wood, as above - - £. 1,407 1 —

Bartholomew Wood, for his TxTth Part

in the said Vessel - - - 87 10 —

Ephraim Ha den, for his x*Td Part

therein - - - 43 15 —

Jefeph Shephard, for his -yVpth Part

therein - - - 21-17 6

1,360 2 6

The Truth of which the Petitioners offer to prove to the Satisfaction of such Persons as this House shall appoint for that Purpose; as also that no Fait thereof was insured; but that the Whole is really loft to them: And setting forth, That the Petitioners having applied to the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty for settling and adjusting of Claims of this nature, and for giving Relief to the Sufferers out of the Produce out of the Spanish Ships taken by way of Reprisal, and out of the Sum of £.60,000-set apart for that Purpose, were required by them to lay before the said Commissioners the A.ct or Proof of such Condemnation; alleging, that, without it, they could not take any Cognizance of the Petitioners Claim; and that the Petitioners having used their best Endeavours to procure the require^ Act of Condemnation, have not been able to obtain the fame, by reason of the War between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain 5 and that the Petitioners not being able to obtain Relief from the aforesaid CommissionerSjfor the Reasons before-mentioned, presume to hope, as sundry Sufferers by illegal Spanish Captures are now applying to Parliament to have Satisfaction for their Losses out of the Sum of £.60,000 granted by this House, to answer what hath been allowed to be due from Great Britain to Spain, the Petitioners are intitled to the like Benefit: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, that they may be permitted to come in for, and have a Share of, the salt) £. 6o,oco, in respect: of their said Loss, in proportion with other Sufferers under the like Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Gibbs, of the City of Bristol, Merchant, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1719, the Petitioner, with one Henry Parker, and others, who are since dead, and

whose Interest is vested. in the Petitioner, jointly fitted out the Ship called thz-Wtftbury Galley, for trading to the Coall of Africa, and from thence to Jamaica: That the said Ship accordingly failed to the Coast of Africa, and, in her Voyage from thence to Jamaica, being then laden with Negroes only, was,: on the 21st of March 1720, taken by a Spanish Pirate Sloop, called the Bird Sloop, and carried into Hispanioid’: That the Petitioner’s Lois, by the Taking of the said. Ship and Cargo, whereof Seven , Eighths belonged to the Petitioner, amounted to £.3,000, and upwards, and the Petitioner hath received no Satisfaction. for the same: That the'Accounts and Vouchers relating to the Petitioners said Loss, were duly delivered, according to public Notice, first to the Commissioners Plenipotentiaries from Great Britain to Cam bray arid Soissons, and afterwards to the Commissioners for Trade T and Plantations, when Commissaries went from Great Britain to Spain: That, some time firtce, a Commission ' iflped for the Distribution of such Sums as have arisen by Reprilads from the Spaniards, ar the Commencement . of the present War with Spain, among the Sufferers; but that the Commissioners therein named are only im powered to adjust and settle the Claims of such aS have sustainbd;. Losses in the Year 1721, and from that time; (b that'* those who buffered before; that Time are excluded1 any Relief, but by an Application to Parliament: That a Petition.has been lately presented to the House by several Merchants, who have sustained Losses by the Depredations of the Spaniards; praying a Relief for their Losses, out of the £. 60,000 granted by Parliament; which Petition has been referred to a Committee of the House; and that the Petitioner conceives he is equally intitled to Relief as his other Fellow Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Conii-’ deration, and to grant him a Satisfaction out of the £. 60,000 given by Parliament, dr in such other manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William Crawfurd, of Glasgow, Merchant, Executor of Matthew Crawfurd, late of Glasgow, Merchant, deceased, One of the Owners of the Ship Lilly of Glasgow, on behalf of himself, and of several other Merchants, Owners of the said Ship Lilly, being offered: to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the said Ship Lilly, Archibald Dunlop Commander, failed from Jamaica for Glasgow, the 16th Day of July 1727, loaded, on Account of her Owners, with Sugars, Cotton, tec.: That, on the 7th Day of August following, the said Ship and Cargo was taken in her Passage from Jamaica to Glasgow, in Latitude 33, and Longitude 67, by a Spanish Privateer, called the Fortune, Peter Parrang Commander, and carried toHifpaniola, and there condemned: That the Value of the said Ship and Cargo amounted together to the Sum of £. 4,699 \ That, in July 1730, the Petitioner’s Father did, with the rest of the Owners, pursuant to his Majesty's Order for that Purpose, enter their Claim with Edward Greenly, of Doctors Commons, Esquire, his Majesty’s Procurator General, and produced to him at the same time the Vouchers necessary to prove the said Claim: That the Petitioner has applied to the Commissioners appointed to distribute the Moiety of the net Produce of the Effects taken from the King of Spain and his Subjects, to the Sufferers by Spanish Depredations, within a Time limited, in which Time this Loss happened; but finds that they could not admit the Petitioner to any Share of th£ Money they are to distribute, because the Petitioner cannot produce the indentical Vouchers that were produced before the said Edward Greenly; That the Petitioner has made the drifted Search possible after these Vouchers at all the public Offices where such Claims were entered, and with the Commissaries

Merchant# Claims on Spain.

13 Geo. If.

30° Apnlis — 1° Mail.

889

Condemn*-tioa of Prizes.

Ltws against

taming.

York Building! Company.

miflaries appointed by his Majesty to settle with the King of Spain the loss sustained by the British Merchants; but that they are not to be found; and that it will be extremely hard on the Petitioner to be debarred all Manner of Relief for want of these identical Vouchers, notwithstanding his making a proper Claim, and of his being now able to prove by living Witnesses both the Loss of the Ship and Cargo, and the Value thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s hard same into Consideration, and grant that he may be permitted to partake of the £. 60,000 given by Parliament towards making Satisfaction to his Majesty’s Subjects for the Damages they have sustained by the Depredations of the or to grant him such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hotford and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing unnecessary Delays and Expences in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to re ft rain and prevent theexceifive Increafeof Horse Races; with fume Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for itnpowering the surviving Commissioners and Trustees for forfeited Estates, to execute proper Conveyances of the L'c Lord lViddrington\Estate, in the County of -thumberland, contracted for by the York Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the said Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; without, any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Regulating and better Government of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea; and for regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Count Martiil Ordered, That the Copies of the Depositions, Exami-

£D,£*pUm nations, and all other Papers, relating to the Conduct of Gnffio, &*. the pour Captains; viz. , Brett, and

Fozcke, on their late Cruize to the Westward, together with all the Proceedings of the Court Martial stolden at Portsmouth, before Vice Admiral Stewart,'on the 3 ift Day of January last, to examine into the Conduct or the said Captains; be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to confuler further of the Copies of the Letters and "Papers relating to the Court Martial lately held in the Mediterranean, to inquire into the Conduct of Captain Richard Norris, and all Proceedings relating the reunto.'

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

‘‘Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, Thai* they "had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. A Motion was made, and thfe Questfon being put, That the Report be now received;

The House divided. . - '

Yol. 24.

The Yeas went forth.

Td.cn for. }

112.

Tcllen for the Noes,

34*

Gieenwich

Hospital.

EitabHshing Regulation* for the Navy.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Carew accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proceedings of the Court Martial, assembled on board his Majesty’s Ship Torbay, begun the 28th of January 1744, and ending the 5th of February following, pursuant to an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, bearing Date the 28th of November 1744, to Vice Admiral Rowley, for inquiring into the Conduct and Be-

haviour of Captain Richard Norris in the Engagement between the English Fleet, under the Command of Admiral Mathews, and the united Fleets of France and

Spain, in the Mediterranean, on the I ith of February 1743, were partial, arbitrary, and illegal.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i# die Matt;

Anno 18° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

PXAYERS.

COMPLAINT being made to the House, That, in Privilsge.

Breach of the Privilege of this House, Charles jIon,a Sheriff’s Officer, and William Gamble of,

in the County of Leicester, did, upon the 6th Day of December last, at Normanton aforesaid, make a Distress on the Goods of Thomas Smith, Tenant to Sir Aftley Baronet, a Member of this House, upon an Action, wherein the Title to certain Lands in the Possession of the said Thomas Smith, as Tenant to the said Sir John Aftley, was brought in question; in which Action Henry Farmer Esquire was Plaintiff, and Thomas Herrick his Attorney;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee df Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House proceeded so take into Consideration the Laws agwnft Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ;« An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful Gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horle Races.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth iviz. ' "

Prefs4. Line 1:-After Persons," insert " after the " said 24th Day of 1745:"

Prese j. Line last, and ift Line of 6th Prese, Leave out "or other Privilege:'’' —

Prese 6. Line 2. After " Persons," insert " whatso- ever ;* and, in the same and next Line, leave out " Action, Bill, Information, Complaint," and insert " Prosecution:"

Line 4. Leave out " exhibited, brought" and insert " commenced;" and, in the same Line, after had," leave out "against," and insert "for keeping of any public or common Gaming House, or any House,

" Room, or Place, for playing at any Game or Games " prohibited by."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Amendments be taken into further Confederation upon this Day Month;

The House divided.

10 R Thte

890

1° — 2°

Mail

A.

1745

The Yeas went forth. Tilers

for the Teas, Wr

\ I Mr.

42.

Ttiltrs for the No?s,| G""' J *.

So it passed in the Negative.

-r:Theri the First. of the said Amendments, being read a cSeooood time,- was,: upon the Question put thereupon,

1 agreed; to ;by theiHouse.

t\:)The:SecQnd of* the said Amendments being read a Second time; .: ,» 1 - \ 'V-;

-‘A Motion-was made, and the Question, being>put, rThat tte&Ho.use db agree with the Lords in the faijd -Amendment;. /. *. .> - '

:The House dJVided*

/The Yeas went:fomh.

Tellers' fuf the 'Yeas;

r V ,.j"

; l.Sir John PMUpphc. ’ ( Mr. Brpokjfbank:

60.

z :144.

-! &Q it; wa& refo'Lved in the Ajffirmative. .\ . *: ,.

i uTben die Residne of the said Amendments,\being federally read a.&eoad.time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House..

Ordered, That Mr.* Carew do sarry the; Bill to the Lords;' and acquaint them, that this House ^ath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Prosecutions The House being informed. That Mr..Simon, Solicitor under for the Customs, attended at the Door; xae ws. He was calied in 5 and, at the Bar, pre fen ted to the House, pursuant to Two several Orders of this House, an Account of such Persons as have been prosecuted for Offences against An AA, passed in the Ninth. Year of his present Majesty, in what-Sums they haveBeen convicted, what Judgments have been passed against them; diffin-.v v. \; guishing -such {who have made any Defence, from such against whom Judgments have passed by Default, and in what Gaols the said ConviAs now remain 5 together with Account of such Persons-as have been transported, as Felons, by virtue of the said Act, from the Commencement thereof to l+ady-day last.

iApd then Jie withdrew,# . . /

7W.;.And the Tide of,;the said Account was read, j Ordered ThaLtbe said Acoowpt dp Jje upon’ the Table l&beperpfed^y'the Members/of the House. \ ,

The laid Accp]unt is bound\up with the other Papers of . *: vthis. Session.' i...: .< A\ , ... .-

\ . '*; va‘, I -

r j A/Message from the Lords, by Mr; Ho ford Mr.

Montagu: »!: t _, 1

Mr. Speaker,

rfcegvrialiool e:hTi?ji I^fdfr;haye agreed tco*hd;fti 11, intituled, An Act of.^irts.mhd a. ©fciu/e in yh. in thp, Third Year, of

Londonm Reign of ng William QjaepniMary, nelacing.to 011 on* Gw* used byJPfit&n% inh^it^ig,w^l»in} the Limits of ii# weekly J^Ufts of, Molality, KbnftcfiPt such, Carte to be drawn with Three Horses^-atld tqnpreyent the of the:Driver|;ofriCmt$M Str^s:within the said Limits; without any Amendment. ': v -:

- ijAnd then thfiiM4eff«^jS'wid)d^e^ i-A>

: \l v. 1... p I .-v '

avKwjAnd <th$Vr, ffep jRqufcr a^irrtfd i'M iTomorrow Morning, Nine of: >f<

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz., X,

Press 6. Line 2. Leave out " Six," and insert " Twelve."

TJie House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the 13th Day of March 1692, in relation to the Proceedings of this’ House upon the Amendments, made by the.LqrdSj -to;the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the A As-for. prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with pja/tce^ and for Encouragement of Privateers, might be -read;

And the same was read, accordingly;

The House was also moved, That the Journal of the House of the 25th Day of January 1739, i,n gelation to the Proceedings of this House upon the Amendments, made by the Lords; to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more cfteAual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s British Subjects to’ America, and for the , Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty’s ’Service, might be read:

And the feme was read accordingly. \

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing unnecessary Delays and Expenses in Condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland, be read a Second time; ,

The Hqufe divided.

The Noes went fdrth. '

TdlmfottbcNo.s.j

). \'U 1

iv I-

"ini

-i.

iM

> n<

rT^rrrnTg '3irT.T’ )

I'

Jovisy 20

Anno liS* Georgii ir^Rigis, 1745.

n:i/ /:< ‘ ;f: f'f r» . > . il ? '

P^A YER'jSi* f; - ’ \\yr.

<?ondemna- Y\ RD £ RE‘D, That the Amendment, made: fy, the Pnzc9.tvf Lords, ;tOxthe/ Bill, intituled, An Act for, preventing unnecessary Delays and Expences in Condemning of . Frtzep ia his Majesty’s Courts f of Admiralty in Great -Bntfain m<i:JrdMdi b<i now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly pxpce^ded to-take the said Amendment into Consideration. 4

} 24.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Amendment bq’taken into further Consideration upon this Day Month.1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to Ailiake out a new Writ, for the ElcAing of a'Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, In. the County of Cornwall^' the fbbrrr '6f Ed wardtlive Esquire, now One of the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminflcf. 'n"* ",x' ' ‘

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to niake out a neW Writ, for the EteAiftg of a Burgess to' serve in ‘this present Parliament for the Borough of Netvcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, in the room'of the Honourable Bap-lift Leve/on Gower. 'Eltjiiin?, whb;fihce his Election for the said "Borough,^iath accepted tfi^Offiice of One of the Commissioners for Trade.and'Plantations. *’

.r r ,y> >; ,vr , . r r

A Petition of Warrtn ffelitka, Lieiitehaht of His Ma-

to be pre-

leqtjsdtothe Hqui% -ri T

; Mr< CJ^ancellpi:Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Cqi^ijin^,;^qu vnt^ , Th^t; dus. Majesty,

/ptpe^d of the Cpatents. pL 1 he fjiid Pet i-^ion, recommends.it to fjhe Oonfidcratioiiof the House/' Pet^ipn^as broughjt up, and read; set* lingjgr^lliat PeyuiJ?aying served many Years i^-lvijs Majesty’s N.avyh bping out of Employ, went( into tk? M^haniSf;some time, acquired, a SJ)ip;of his own, dnlonio, Burthen 300

Toqs^jwhick, tqg^i^rwftirduc^ of her Cargo* as

was; the Property[of^>p;Teti, rioper, to the Value in the of^. 4,7^ the 29th Day of Novembert

in the Year 1 736, seized and made Prize of, and che Petitioner masse a lyifoner, by the Spaniards, at ,a Place near Trepany, on thelfland[p[Sicily,.whitber the Petitioner wasdri\^n by:JP^mfs-of' Weather:- That, upon the Pe-titkmer's being/ rele^fed, he returned to England in the latter End of the Year 1737,. a,nd waited on the late Sir Charles-$ageib. %\\en JFirft Commissioner of the Admiralty, with the Vouchers and Affidavits of his Loffesj amounting to the above-mentioned Sum of £.4,724;

and.

Mitche*

Writ.

Newcaftlo under Line Writ,

Merchant? Claims oa Spain. ‘

i 8 Geo. II. i° . 891

and, by his Order, the Petitioner made Application to the An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Roy>l, Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury,'where the Peti- Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament 10 tioner at length got his Claims minuted in the Bocks of for that Part of Great Britain called England: that Office; and then, by Sir Charles [Paper's special Di- An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, red! ion, the Petitioner delivered to, and left with, him the passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, ordinal Vouchers and Affidavits, to support such Claim; intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices which was done in the Presence of Arthur Stert Esquire, a f of the Peace:

Member of this House; Sir Charles Wager at the fame. An Act forgiving a public Reward to such Person

time promising and alluring the Petitioner, that he would ' or Persons, his- Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall

take care of the Petitioner’s Affair, and fee the lameen- discover a North-weft Passage, through

tered and profecured through the proper Offices; and soon to the Western Ocean of America:

after ordered the Petitioner, in Capacity of Lieutenant, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Sixth Year

on board the Fox Man of War; in which, and divers of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Re-

other Ships of War, the Petitioner was constantlyemployed , gulatiotl of Laftage and Balkftage in the River Thames:

in his Majesty’s Service, till (ince SvcCkarles Wager's Death: An Act for the further Regulating and better Go-

That, upon the Petitioner's Return to London, in the' vernmen* of his Majesty’s Navies, Ships of War, and

Year 1744, he found a Com mi (lion had been issued for Forces by Sea; and for regulating the Proceedings upon

the Distribution of such Sums as had arisen by Reprisals Courts Martial in the Sea Service:

among, the Sufferers by Depreciations of the Spaniards; ( An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collect-.

and thereupon applied at the Office of the said Cotumif-, ,ng of certain Duties granted towards the Support of

(loners, to tee his own Claim, not doubting it had been the Royal Hospital at: and to oblige Agents,

One of the first: entered; but, to his great Surppze, for Prizes to yegifter their Letters of Attorney: found no, Affidavits or Vouchers, or so much as a Miimt,e, ‘ An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year-of Entry thereof; and that, for want of such Vouchers., of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An and Affidayits, the Petitioner’s Claim could not be re- Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy: _ ,

Ceived; so that, by delivering up such his Vouchers and , An Act to indemnify Persons, tyha have been guiltw Affidavits to Six Charles Wager (and of which, after the of the unlawful Importing, Landing, or Running, of, strictest Inquiry, he can get no Account), the Petitioner , prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merdian-, is totally debarred even the Right of entering his Claim; dize: . .

and therefore apprehends he is totally without Remedy, An Act for more effectually preventing the Stealing otherwise than by the Aid and Assistance of the House: of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, in^ And therefore praying (he House to take the Hardship' Buildings, Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used.forv of his Caie into Consideration; and that he may be con- printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame: ‘ fidered with others, who, through Disability, could not An Act for impowering the surviving Commissioners make good their Claims in such manner as required, and and Trustees for forieited Estates, to execute proper Con-be intitJed to a Share of the £.60,000 granted by Par- veyances of the late Lord Estate, in the

liament, and now remaining undilpoied of; and the ra- County of contrafted for by the York

ther, for that the Petitioner, by being constantly abroad Buildings Company, to Trustees, for the Creditors of the upon Duty in his Majesty’s Service, was incapacitated &id Company, upon Payment of a Sum of Money,.! from acting in his own Business, till it was too late; or therein mentioned, into his Majesty’s Exchequer: f

that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved, as to the An Act for making the Surgeons of London, and-House shall seem meet. the Barbers of London, Two separate and distinct Cor-

(Jrdcred, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, porations: _ ,

An Act for granting further Powers to the Commission?

Icyil Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, ers for building a Bridge cross the River , from to UiU Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: the City of to the opposite Shore in the

Mr. Speaker, County of Surrey, and for the better enabling them to

The King commands this honourable House to attend finifti the Paid Bridge, and to perform the other Tfufts. his Majesty, Immediately, in the House of Peers. . reposed in them: .;

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Wept up to An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham., in the attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his* County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading Majesty was pleated* to give the Royal Assent to the several by the End' of Stone Bridge, in the said County: ,v ,.

public and private J Bills following*; viz. ' " An Act to repair the Road leading from

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a. £.too, oooo out of the Sinking Fund; and for granting Place near the said City, called Hob Moor Lane

a Sum remaining in the Exchequer, arilen by the Surplus ’ An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from

of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry', for in the County of Huntingdon, through iSw

the Service of the Year Q^e thousand Seven hundred apd Stanton and Cambridge, to the Q.ri

Forty-five; andf for Vhe further appropriating the Supplies Newmarket Heath, in the County of .; ,

granted in this'Session of Parliament and for giving fur- An Act for continuing, amending, and making tnore ther’Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth’ Year of the Reign* for t hO. I nd eh cores' dr Cqntrafts of’^Clerks arid Appren- of King George the First, for repairing the Jloads leading tices \ and for the further enforcing the Payrhcnt of the ( from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of War-said Duties: . , _ , j

‘ An1 Act for repealing the preterit Inland Duty of Four An Act for rendering more effectual the several. Acts^ Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great1 passed for the Erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses' Britain, and for erupting ,to his Majesty certain other In- within the City of Bristol for the better Employing and land Duties in fieii thereof; and for better securing the Maintaining of the Poor thereof:,

Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, pursuing Offs. ndersTOut of one County into another: the Laws in being to prevent excessive and deceitful

An Act for allowing certain additional Bounties on Gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive In-the Exportation of Brit fit and lrifn Linens: crease of Horse Races:

An Act for effectually preventing the Exportation of An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Third. foreign Linens, under the Denomination of British or Irish Year of the Reign of King William and Queen re-Linens: ' lating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within the Li-

An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation mits of the W eekly Bills of Mortality; and to allow of Cambricks and French Lawns: such Carts to be drawn with Three Horses; and to pre-

'Yol. 24. vent

t

892 2° MaA. 1745.

Royal Assent vent the h^ifbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in Streets to Bill*. within the said Unfits:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Philip Bottler Baronet, in the several Counties of Bedford and Kent, in the said Sir Philip Botelert and his Heirs; and for settling other Etlatcs in the several Counties of Kent and Hereford, of greater Value, to the like Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for appropriating the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion agreed on to be paid on the Marriage of Sir Francis SkBaronet, with Dame

Ursula his Wife; and for Sale of Part of his settled Estate for discharging his Debts, and securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male in respect thereof:

An Act for raising Money out of the Estate entailed by the Will of Sir William Myddelton Baronet, for purchasing an Estate lying near Chirk , in the County of Denbigh, to be settled to the Uses of the same Will:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Marma-duke Gresham Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and a Legacy of Three thousand Pounds affecting the lame:

An Act for rectifyinga Mistake in a Settlement made by Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, and also in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for Sale of the settled Estate of the said Sir Robert Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, for Discharging Incumbrances: An Act for Sale of the Estates late of William son Bfquire, and Dame Dorothy Jeffreys, in the several Counties of Denbigh, Flint Salop, and Angle-

fey, lor Payment of their respective Debts and Incumbrances:

An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her deviled to the Pro-voft, Fellows, and Scholars, of College, in

the University of Chford-, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase offee-simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for charging, felling, and applying. Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, forraifing Money t< wards the Purchase of the Manors of Dal by and Broughton, in the County of contracted for

pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for impowering Trustees to secure and dispose of certain Effects mentioned in the Will of Nicholas Hooper Esquire, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of John Bajfett Esquire, to whom they are bequeathed:

An Act for Sale of the settled and unsettled Estates of William Parry Esquire, and forpurchasing another Estate of equal Value with the settled Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for impowering Gould Esquire, and

William Gould Clerk, to make Jointures, upon their respective Marriages, put of the Estate devised to them by the Will of Sir Edward Gould Knight, deceased:

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Lands in the County of , comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Robert Wright Clerk, in Trustees, to sell the same, for railing Money to purchase an intire Farm in the County of , to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement:

An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Rodolph Hobbes Gentleman, deceased, in the County of Bucks, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making Provision for his Widow and Infant Children:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of Richard Jjtfcombe Esquire, deceased, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Le- gacies:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields-in Faxton, within the Parish of Lamport, in the County of Northampton; and for giving a Recoin pence to the Rest or of the said Parish, in lieu of his Tythes of the said common Fields:

An Act to difiolvc the Marriage of Daniel Mathew Esquire, with Penelope Smith his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Bartholomew,

Peter Sapte, and Thomas Sapte.

After which, his Majesty was pleated to make a moll The KJng’i gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as fol- petc*1, loweth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

THE Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, of your Proceedings, having brought the public Business to a happy Conclusion; and the Seaton of the Year being so far advanced, it is necessary that I should put an End to this Session of Parliament.

It is a particular Satisfaction to me to be able to acquaint you, that, since the Beginning of it, the Postureof Affairs abroad has received a very considerable Alteration, to the Advantage of the common Cause. The late Successes of the Aujirittn Arms in Germand the Conclu-

fion of an Accommodation between the Queen of Hungary and the Elector of Bavaria, have laid the bell Foundations for a further happy Progrefe. By these Events, the Influence of France in the Empire is much weakened and diminished, and a Way is opened to restore that Strength and Power to our antient and natural Allies, which will tend greatly to the He-establishment and Security of the Balance of Europe.

The Resolutions which have been taken by my good Friends the States General of the United Provinces, for exerting their Efforts in concert with me, and the Engagements they have entered into for settling the Proportions of Forces and Expence, cannot fail to give Spirit and Vigour to the Operations of our Armies. From these good Beginnings, 1 hope, by the Blessing of God on the Justice of our Cause, this Campaign will be attended with such Succefe, as to defeat the ambitious and dellruftive Projects of the House of Bourbon, formed against the Liberties of Europe, and particularly levelled against my Kingdoms. In this View, I am determined, in conjunction with my Allies, vigorously to prosecute this just and necessary War, in order to the procuring a Cife and honourable Peace.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my hearty Thanks for the ample Supplies which you have so chearfully granted for the Service of the current Year; and which, you may be afTur-d, Hiatt be strictly applied to those great and national Ends for which they were given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I intirely rely on your Duty, Fidelity, and good Affections, of which 1 have had so many convincing Proofs.

Let it be your Care to cultivate and promote the feme good Dispositions in your several Countries, to support my Government, an5 to preserve the Peace and g>od Order of the Kingdom; as it shall ever be mine to advance and secure your lading Prosperity and Happiness.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s parlfamrni Command, laid, prorogued.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twentieth Day of June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twentieth Day

of June next.

xp Geo. II. 20° Junii — 22°Augujiu — 19 893

Jovis, 2o° Junii;

Anno 1cf Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

THE House being met, according to the !aft Proro-gation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the Twenty-second Day of next: And the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-second Day of August next.

yovts, 2 die Augujli;

Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

Parliament fT'HE House being met, according to the lad Proro-farther JL gation; prorogued. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House o(Peers, to hear the Commission

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the Nineteenth Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Nineteenth Day of September next.

Jovis, 190 die Septembris;

Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

THE House being met* according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from tire Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the Seventeenth Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Seventeenth Day of October next.

Parliament further prorogued.

[Index removed.]

